This short story is selected as 

 October’2012 and won INR 1000 (US $20)

: A Love Story – Like an Untold Fairy Tale

Like an Untold Fairy Tale – A Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Nanda, will you marry some other girl if I happen to die after our marriage?”

She was a fair girl with shiny dark brown eyes and curly black hair. Her head was like an isosceles trapezium though a strangely large right ear made her face asymmetrical. She had the fragrance of sandalwood always and used to wear ‘kalabham’ on her forehead on almost all days. She was a proud and conservative little young girl. She preferred to wear ‘salwar kameez’ mostly and I had never seen any other girl till date who wore their shawl in such a neat way as she did. Sometimes she was just like a little kid, a really mischievous one. But some other times she was the most matured person in our peer group. And yes of course, she was my soul mate. She was the elegant Princess and I was the artist shepherd boy in our fairy tales. I called her Lux and she called me Nandan.

“Why are you obsessed with Harry Potter this much?” someone asked me once.

I just smiled

“What did you earn from that stupid kids’ fiction?” he wanted to start an argument it seemed.

“Everything” I said.

He was puzzled.

“Harry Potter gave me friends all over the world and a soul mate forever. It taught me what friendship, love and sacrifice really meant.”

That conversation ended there but my memories had a shuffle.

 

I was an introvert and reserved person at the time of joining the college. I seldom talked to my classmates. And they all must have found me weird.  Even after three months of joining I had no friends. But that day when all were discussing to find a name for the batch, Harry Potter changed everything. Unlike other occasions I found the event very interesting and suggested a name from the book. And a few minutes later I heard someone suggesting another name from the girls’ side and I knew it was from the books only. I felt elated. I grinned broadly. It was like meeting someone from your place when you are in a foreign country.

Within no time I got two new friends. And one of them was Lux.

The rest of our story was stranger than fiction. I always felt our relation was like a fairy tale. We built a world of our own around the college campus in our imagination. We named each places and each person there with our own fictional names. The main advantage, it was so easy to talk about them even in others’ presence and they understood not a thing. And we wandered all around the campus always upgrading our world. Three years were like three seconds.

 

One Sunday in my hostel room my finger got accidentally cut by a blade. The instantaneous gushing of blood from the cut alerted my vasovagal response and I felt nauseated. But suddenly she came to my mind and I had an idea. I just wrote her name with the blood-dripping finger in the last page of a notebook that lay aside. After cleaning and dressing the cut I wrote under her name with pen. “

.” And it was so happened that the book was my genetics’ class note.

The next day during lunch break we were sitting in the class. She had seen my dressed finger already and was worried. I couldn’t write the notes in the morning hours because of my finger. Since there were only a few pages she said she will write it for me instead of photocopying and took my books out from my bag. I was busy teaching my left hand how to write, just in case.

“What is this, Nanda?” she asked after a few minutes and her tone was unmistakably serious. She was holding the genetics’ book at me.

“Err you saw?” I didn’t know whether to grin or look serious. I looked at her. She was so angry that her white face turned red. Even her ears had the red tinge. And her eyes had two tear drops about to fall.

“You cut your finger for doing this?” She asked sounding angry.

I didn’t say anything. Till then I haven’t had thought of that possibility. I preferred not to answer letting her believe whatever she wanted. It was true that I thought she would be impressed by the act but her reaction was totally unexpected.

“Are you crazy? I’ve never expected such a stupidity from you. If you think this is love, you are wrong ok?”

I was thunder struck. I couldn’t reply anything. I felt guilty.

“And if you are gonna do anything like this anymore I assure you, that will be the end of our relation”

That last sentence was a severe blow for me. Like the last nail on a coffin.

She walked a little away from me and sat on a chair opposite, looking away from me. I saw those two tear drops falling down.

I felt so miserable. I never thought she would take it that way. It was up to me for solving the issue. But then I didn’t feel like talking to her. I simply watched her sitting there. Even in distress she looked so charming, so pretty. The reflected sunlight that was falling on the floor made her face and hair glow. The damp yellow background of the wall behind her and her bright cerulean blue and cream dress made the scene enchanting. Taking care not to move much I took my phone out and clicked a photo of her without her noticing.

She didn’t talk to me for the rest of the day. I was confused and worried how to handle the mess. In the evening we made our way to the hostel in silence. And then she asked me softly.

“Nanda, will you marry some other girl if I happen to die after our marriage?”

I felt strange. She never talked to me like that before.

“Are you kidding me?” I asked irritated

“No, seriously” she was calm.

“Well what do you expect me to do?” I snapped.

“That’s up to you, right?”

“Don’t you know me still?” I was angry.

“You feel annoyed on the thought of losing me, right? Now do you know how I will feel if you actually hurt yourself for me?”

I couldn’t answer that question for a moment. She was wise. I said sorry for my mistake and explained what really happened.

“Anyway what will be your answer if I ask you the same question?” I asked winking at her

“You know my answer” she had her best smile.

Yes, I knew her answer because our relationship was an unbreakable vow.

Anyway I was so relieved that the issue got solved in a happy note and a few weeks later I drew the picture I had taken and gifted it to her.

“Now, this is love” she smiled whole-heartedly.

 

It was a chemistry practical class. We were in the same batch but in different groups. The teacher gave an introduction about the experiments we had to do and the materials for the same. She took out a small glass bottle that looked like a small tube attached to the half of an hourglass, from the shelves. She started explaining its importance beginning with its name, Pycnometer. And then teacher left the lab leaving us to do the practical. All four groups got one pycnometer each. I saw Lux taking their pycnometer carefully and observing it curiously. I approached her leaving my group behind.

“What’s so special about the bottle, lady?” I asked

“Look Nanda, isn’t this cute?”

“Err what’s so cute about it? It’s just a glass bottle. ”

She had a weird look at me.

“Don’t you artists find beauty in small things?” She had one of her eyebrows up

“Sorry I’m not that kind of artist you are referring to.” I said showing a proud face

“I like small things. Miniature forms. They are cute. See”

She pointed her little finger at me. It was so small.

We both laughed.

“Anyway you want one like this?”

“Will you buy me one? No Nanda it’ll be costly.”

“No problem” I smiled

With a worried look on her face she moved on with the experiment. And I joined my group.

Within an hour the experiment was finished and both of us made our way back to the classroom together. Then she never knew one Pycnometer was waiting in my jeans’ pocket to make a wide smile on her face later.

That afternoon there was no class since we were having a South India tour two days later. Students wanted to go home for packing. But she was not coming due to some family related reasons. It was really upsetting for both of us though we had to accept the situation. We thought of having an evening walk around the campus before I left for home that day.

“Nanda, will you remember me when you are at ‘Kanyakumari’?” She asked anxiously as we were walking together.

I had to laugh at the expression on her face.

“You are telling like I’m forgetting you always. Am I that forgetful?”

“I didn’t mean that.”

“Then what’s the matter? Shoot”

“Will you take me to all these places you are visiting after our marriage? I’ve never been to ‘Kanyakumari’. I wanna go there. Wanna walk through the beach with your hand in mine.”

“Nice wish. But it is not gonna happen.” I always loved to tease her and make her angry.

“Why? You won’t take me there?” Her face became grim.

“‘Kanyakumari’ doesn’t have a long stretch of beach to walk.” I had my tongue stuck out at her.

“Oho, that’s news then” she was irritated.

“Anyway what should I bring you when I’m back?” I changed the topic.

“I don’t want anything, Nanda. You be back safely as early as possible. That’s enough.” She said.

“You don’t worry dear. I’m not going alone you know? The whole class is with me.” I said grinning

“Yeah that’s my worst fear.” Now she had her tongue stuck out at me.

“Possessive lady” I smiled.

“Yeah I’m, humph”, she had her nose up in the air.

Then it was time for me to leave since I had to catch an early bus for home. When I turned away bidding her goodbye, she asked suddenly.

“Or Nanda, can you bring me a little sand from there?” She grinned

“Sure” I said smiling and walked away.

It was around midnight. I walked to the beach that was nearly one kilometer away from our stay. Still there were those shops that sell seashells and other sea products by the side of the road, opened. Wind was blowing from the direction of the sea. And it was carrying the fragrance of sandalwood. May be from the temple nearby but I preferred to believe it as her presence by my side.

Then I knew what love is and how it feels in real. I understood we love more when the person is not with us anymore, physically of course. Kumaranashan had a point. Love is not just physical. Thoughts guided me faster to the beach. It was deserted except for some monks who slept on the beach benches. Rolling up my jeans I walked into the sea. I just wanted to collect a little sand for her and had a small glass bottle with me for the mission. It was called Pycnometer. I filled it with the wet sand from the beach. And I closed that bottle of love with a stopper.

Even if she was not with me for those twenty-one days, the journey became dear to me. Knowing her presence everywhere I went, realizing someone was missing me always and longing for that day of coming back. And to see her again was a refreshing feeling. I had gifts for her from every place I went. Those I bought and collected. Unique objects that matched her character and her liking for small things. All of them helped me to see that charming smile and glittering eyes on her face.

 

 

It was an afternoon. We were having a fight like the countless fights we had over a period of three years. Like we found beauty and love in small things, we fought for small reasons also. They said we were immature to hold a relation but I knew we were so close to each other that we couldn’t separate for a moment. But yes, we fought like kids, loved fairy tales and the so-called mature world was far away from us. Because we both believed in the Bible verse “Heaven is for those who are kids at heart”.

At the beginning of the relation when we were having fights, our friends got worried and some others got happier. If we were on a fight the whole college used to know that. Because we walked together side by side always but there would be a twenty-foot distance between us on fight days. I still don’t know whether it was because I walked faster or she chose to walk at a slower pace. However the distance was only on the outside and our hearts were always side by side. Everyone thought we would end in a break up. It never happened.

But that particular day was different. We were having our final year exams. That afternoon after the exams we were sitting in our class room and we had a fight. Those who were there in the class were paying no attention at all. They were fed up with our fights and knew perfectly well that we would be seen laughing together about something on the next day. But they didn’t know it was the aggregate of all the small fights we had earlier. We argued with each other. And it ended in me telling

“Ok let’s stop this here. It’s been over three years and still we are fighting this hard. This won’t end up good Lux. I’m fed up with your arrogance. Let’s break up. I’m going home”

I said so just to end her dominating arguments and thought I could make up things better later. But without showing any consideration on my face I stormed out of the class in fury.  But I had to pay heavily for that single lie I ever told her. I went to the library and got immersed in newspapers and let my thoughts wander. I didn’t pay much attention to those who ran through the corridor outside half an hour later. Then my phone started vibrating and I was sure it’d be her. She wanted to compromise. So this time my ego won, I thought. With a smug face I took the phone out. However it wasn’t her but Anil, my friend who was there in the class. Walking out of the library I attended the call. I heard only one sentence.

“What did you do to her? She just cut her wrist”

I felt like my heart just stopped. I couldn’t feel my limbs. But the next moment I found I was actually running. I ran with all my strength to the class. From a distance I saw a pack of teachers and students carrying her to outside. She was unconscious and her left hand had her white shawl wrapped around which was dripping blood. The corridor was crowded. I couldn’t make my way to her. And then someone dragged me by the collar of my shirt and into the class room. It was Anil.

I struggled to let go of him. But he shouted at me and locked the door.

“Are you aware what’ve just happened..?”

I didn’t know what to reply. Only thing I wanted was to get out and be with her.

“Hey listen to me now, I’m trying to save you”

“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?” I shouted

“I don’t know what has just happened between you two. But it’s sure she did that because of you only. And I know this much also that your relation is known to her parents and they warned you before.”

“SO WHAT?” I yelled

“You stupid, you had better go home now. Escape from here. They are gonna corner you. I’ll drop you at the railway station. Come to your senses man, please.”

“No, I’ve to be with her. Yeah it was my fault but I’m not gonna leave her alone”

“Oh please. You are in trouble. Try to understand.”

I had to think. But then I had a look around the class. The tile floor had a line of blood splatters leading to a pool under the chair she sat half an hour before.

The one who cried over a few drops of my blood had draped our relation with her own blood.

I couldn’t think of anything else. It was my fault alone. There was no turning back.

I asked him to take me to whichever hospital they were taking her. He tried to convince me further but realizing there was no point in arguing other than wasting time, the next moment we were on his bike chasing the car that took her. Sitting behind him I couldn’t feel myself and I was sweating heavily. I tried to console myself that nothing would happen to her. On reaching the hospital I ran through the dark corridors searching for her. Those who had taken her to there were standing in front of the Casualty. I came to a sudden halt. Some of them had a strange look at me. I didn’t care anymore. I heard someone telling Anil that she had been taken into the emergency room. Her shawl lay there on a chair. Anyone who looked on it had terror in their eyes.

I sat there at the end of the corridor with her once white shawl in my hands. It was dark out there. I wondered why they were not turning the lights on. Or was it dark inside my eyes? It seemed half of the college was there. The corridor was packed. I couldn’t see anyone clearly and no one talked to me either. Everything was a blur to me. I just closed my eyes and tears made their way through the cheeks. I prayed. I prayed like I never did before. I prayed for her dear life that was struggling yards away from me inside the Casualty. Few years ago we were just strangers. But at that moment she was my world and my world was crashing down. I had her shawl close to my heart. Apart from the ferrous note of the blood it still had her sandalwood fragrance. I saw her smiling inside me. Each second passed with a pain I had never experienced before. Then the Casualty door opened and a nurse appeared.

“O positive blood is needed. Please make arrangements” she announced to no one in particular

I couldn’t move a bit. I sat there helplessly and saw one teacher going with the nurse. And then I noticed Anil was sitting beside me.

“She will be alright” he patted on my shoulder with an assuring smile.

“Let’s get some fresh air, come”

I refused at first but he made me to walk with him outside. And after a few minutes awkward silence he said.

“Her parents are not here yet. It’s better for you to leave right now mate”

“How can I leave her now?” I was puzzled

“There is nothing more you can do about her now, do you?” he snapped

I had no answer. He was right. I had done my part perfectly well that she was half way through life and death.

A feeling of extreme guilt was flowing inside me. For a moment I had a thought of following her lead.

“So before they come you must leave” I heard him from the end of a tunnel. I had to come out of it to process what he had really said.

“I’ll be here and will text you,” he said.

And I had to leave the hospital on his advice. However I didn’t know then that I was leaving her forever. And I never met her again.

 

__END__

(This story has been dedicated to Tharuni Sachdev who’s now a star in the sky)

