Friendship Short Story – Friend you are not tolerable!

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I just never knew you would turn out to be so much harmful; else, never I must have bothered to you. A friend would never do something like what you did. I indeed feel unenviable to recollect the fact that we were friends.

I remember when I first met you. It was quite a sunny day, and our first day at college. Students of the new batch were to assemble in the main hall. It was the first time when I caught a glimpse of you. You were in your red shorts and a plain black t-shirt, with a ponytail and you looked very fine. Some boys even wanted to talk to you. I purposely stood next to you. I genuinely thought you might be a generous girl with a firm attitude. Our college principal began his speech to his New Year students and we stood straight.

Suddenly a choking voice of the microphone came out of the speakers in a very harsh voice, some of the students started laughing about it, and you were one of them. You shouted and howled like a guy, and it was outrageous to see a girl doing such stuff. You suddenly turned to me and laughed, expecting that I too must laugh on this, but I just smiled at you gladly. I was very happy to get your attention, but your behavior wasn’t comforting. I desperately needed a friend in the new college, new town and most importantly a new life after school.

We were to move back to the mess for the food. I again purposely sat next to you, hoping to have a conversation. You took my presence and began talking to me. Really, you were too amiable to me. You did not let me feel that was our first conversation, especially the way you hit me on my back repeatedly, just as if how usually boys do! I learnt you love sports, and basketball was your game. Well, it was too obvious to know, you were a tomb boy. But whatever you were, I was happy to have a good-looking sport-loving girl as my friend. We exchanged our numbers and came in contact. You lived in the college residence but I lived with my relatives in the town.

Then we kept on meeting very often. Gradually, we went on being good friends. Nevertheless, you made me feel deplorable sometimes the way you dealt with others. You often cracked jokes on others, badgered and annoyed our classmates with your irritating tricks and abused girly girls for the way they dressed themselves. Sometimes, you did not spare even me with your endurable spirit of teasing. People asked me huge times to remain away from you. They all had come to know we didn’t share any single quality and that I was just being nice to you. Unfortunately, their perception was true. Many a times I felt like I should quit your friendship, but one thought always stopped me to proceed, as you were the only friend of mine, who was so popular, handsome and undeniably, my first friend in the college. But it was becoming too harder to remain friends with you.

After a lot of patience, I decided to get separated from your friendship. I started ignoring you a bit, like if you appeared in my sight, I pretended as if I have not seen you. But I guess you caught me. You soon understood my ignorance. You came to me and directly asked me if there was anything wrong. This one single thing was only appreciating, that you were always straight in your talks. You never tangled the confusions or talked indirectly, which I definitely lacked. I then settled things by providing lame explanations. Somehow you accepted and never bothered about my ignorance as you were too much busy with your sports.

Our first year came near to end. You won us the inter college basketball championship, as the captain. Principal and every one appreciated for your efforts. Really, we all were proud of you. Unluckily our exams were just one month after. You did not study the entire year and were always engaged in your basketball shots and strategies. You were horrified to see such lengthy syllabus and were all confused. You asked me to help you in studies. I agreed. However, I just did not know you thought me a fool. You wanted me to complete all your assignments and projects. I somehow did. You wanted me to teach you like a tutor, fill your mind with everything given in our textbooks. I agreed to explain you though, but you were not satisfied with whatever I taught you. You treated me very gratingly as if I owed a lot to you. I did every possible thing for you to get ready for exams, but still you were not gratified. You wanted more out of me; you wanted me to give more and more time to you. But I had to study for my exams too.I tried to tell you indirectly that I can’t do anything more than this, but I guess you did not want to understand my problems.

I was extremely chafed by your behavior. I then decided to completely dismiss, no matter what. I began ignoring your calls and messages. I switched off my cell phone. You were annoyed by this attitude of mine and got impatient. You visited me at my place un-announced, and burst in anger. You capper clawed, yelled and abused me as if I did a crime by not giving attention to you. As soon as you left, I uttered a great cry and kept on weeping that whole night.

We were not friends anymore. I decided never to talk to you, so did you. After that day, we often saw each other; but we turned our heads in other directions each time. Nevertheless, I’m just not hesitant to tell you, that now I actually love life without you. Moreover, I need you to know, that Friend, you are not tolerable!

__END__

