Short Story Friends – Friendship in College

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Everyone dreads a new place, new people, new skills, etc. Going to college was the same experience to me.

 It was a new place where there were no people from my past. So anyone would think I was dreading it even more because of it but the opposite was the case.

 I was glad no one knew me because i was the kind that always got a judgement from everyone.

 I am the kind of person who stands for what I am and represent only that.

 In my class there was a large percentage of guys and a small percentage of girls

 Me being the minority, it did not sit well being frank and open minded.

 In my class I did make a few friends because of some common interests.

 I loved some common tv shows like vampire diaries , friends , how I met your mother and all the rest, you know what i am talking about..

 Kiya was one of those friends.

 She was a girlie girl. She loved dressing up.

 Then there were the others who were also very nice to me.

 But they got really embarassed every time I got the whole thing to do with boys.

 They would roll their eyes everytime I hinted at an interest in them .

 I was the girl who spent a lot part of her teenage having crushes and talking to boys.

 Despite never having any boyfriend my interest in them was obvious.

 I could never fathom why my interest in guys made them view me as the one with lesser morals.

 Weren’t girls supposed to like boys, wasnt the ultimate point of life was that.

 I said ultimate not the only thing.

 So while everyone went around with their friends I had a few friends who did like me for what I liked.

 It hurt me that I was rejected by this group.

 I like everyone else wanted to be liked that was the whole point of me having my views and beliefs.

 I wanted to be taken seriously.

 Kiya sat with me in class.We were really good friends. I could talk to her about anything and everything.

 I tried to deal with the rejection from the other group of girls but hey ..I was not okay.

 But having Kiya as a close friend helped me.

 One day during a maths class me and Kiya were listening along with the class to the teacher who was very strict and mean at times.

 So as she turned to write on the board kiya asked me something soflty, I answered and the answer made her giggle.

 Her giggle made the teacher look at me while i was smiling back but nonetheless staring in my book.

 The teacher screamed get out looking at me. I tried to apologise but she wouldnt hear none.

 I was terrified as I was a very good student and this had never happened to me before.

 I was one of the good students.

 So completely furious at the teacher, stood up and started to leave , then I saw Kiya leaving too.

 I tried to be noble saying that she should stay and I would leave as the teacher only saw me talking.

 And I left.

 Those 45 minutes outside the class were the most excrutiating moment because there was no way I could be seen around the corridors when there were classes in progress.

 I hid in the toilet thinking how such a stupid thing could make a teacher throw me out of the class.

 I was furious embarrassed and didnt come out of the toilet long after the class time was done.

 When I did go back to the class, I saw that the doors leading to the class were closed.

 Inside 3 more teachers had joined the maths teacher everyone was clapping and the teachers were similing with gifts on the table. Then I realised.

 It was Teachers Day.

 I was treated this bad on teachers day.

 I hated that woman who was my teacher. All my life I had been taught that we must respect my teachers.

 That event was so childish yet the punishment was unexceptable to me. Hence I lost my faith in a teacher.

 She was no longer a person of respect, she became merely the sadistic robot who controlled my grades. I knew I was over reacting but after all the years she taught me, she proved me right.

 I was okay when my friends expressed how unfair she was to me later.

 Even Kiya apologised.

 That day was over and I went home.

 The following day I was early to class. I was taking Sana this other friend who is pretty cool.

 Kiya entered the class and instead of sitting near me as always she sat , she sat with the group of friends who detested me.

 I watched in silence and shock as she chose them over me.

 Sana just stood up and accused Kiya of not wanting me because of the incident.

 She defended me.

 Kiya looked embarrassed and started giving lame excuses later she apologised.

 I took all this in silence realising that I had lost a friend. But I knew it wasnt my fault.

 I never wanted her for a friend because despite all the things I liked about her she lacked one thing loyalty.

 Which made me realise she was never my friend. Because good friends are always loyal atlest when you need them to be, atleast in your bad times.

 We were friends later but never close.

 I never trusted her again.

 I had very few friends later but they were the best.

 They are and will always be my friends forever and I love them.

__END__

