Short Story Funny – No. 551

Photo credit: 

 from 

I never thought of being at school on a Sunday. But My Group had to meet the teacher because of some work. I was very irritated and didn’t want to stay there.

‘ How much more time ?’, I asked.

‘ Not more. Just Five ‘, Said Joy.

I never ever waited outside Principal’s Cabin for certain work Instead it was a punishment. I remember, It was around 12:37 noon and I didn’t even had my lunch. The teacher came out with a gruffing face and seemed in a bit angry mood; shouting at the clerk…..

‘ Where is the No. 551’s Report Card ? ‘, She shouted.

‘ It should be at its place ! ‘ A sound came from the office.

‘ Its not there ‘

‘ Then I dont know ‘, Came a firm reply.

Before I could speak even a word, Teacher went inside the Principal’s Cabin. We were bored of waiting, so we rushed in irrespectively; without anyone’s permission. She was working on signing the report cards but 551’s report card had stopped her work. Again, Before even I could open my mouth, she gave us a big task. We had to search for a report card in the whole campus. I felt like going back to home but I couldn’t because of this mission of finding a single piece of paper which was lost in such a big school.

However, we thought that it would just take a few minutes so we moved on. We were divided as teams logically. We parted ourselves from the lobby of first floor. Luckily, me and joy had to search in our own class so we knew everything about where to search for it. He went to the teacher’s table and I tried the benches. It took me exactly 12 minutes to finish them. I didn’t find a report card but found a small sharpener, a broken pencil, few chocolate wrappers, a lost lunch box and much more… Then we switched to the next classroom… We were moving from one to another class searching a report card which niether we had ever seen, nor we had lost it.

My stomach was making the whale dying sound and I was not able to control myself. I was too much hungry and to our surprise this work went on till evening ! It was 4:13 and our unexpected work was still going on. I felt like running away from there but we were expected to find that report card.

Because I couldn’t resist, I went to the teacher and she told me to eat something if I could get something in the school Canteen. I never ever liked eating canteen’s food but still, that day I had to. I went in and ate some of those random snacks which didn’t even fill 1 % of my hunger. I missed that lovely and delicous food of home. I then again went back to those dirty classes for just a report card. Luckily Joy had a mini water bottle in his pocket and hence we were able to drink water.

It was now nearing to a sunset and yet no one got it . We finished searching the whole campus and gathered in the compound of the school. We saw that on the ground floor also the search was continued by the people including the peons, teachers and the principal. The teacher thanked us for helping and told us that though they couldn’t find it, they will try again and she told us to leave…

Before we’d even turn around, Deepak came in the campus and stood beside me and was going to speak something but he stopped, I mean I intentionally stopped him shouting, “ Mam ! He is the no. 551 ! “. He was surprised and suddenly uncountable questions came on his face about his report card and he was completely confused but suddenly his face lowered down and he handed a report card to mam saying, “ I forgot to return it to you on the result day “….

__END__

-KRUTIK VIRANI

