[Those Day’s of College – Hilarious Short Story]

Those Day's of College - Hilarious Short Story

I look at the fan that rotates above my head, I wonder if it is still thinking whether it needs to do its job, or is it getting pushed cause one of the circuits is gone haywire. I look out of the window a typical Chennai afternoon with the sun blazing down. The place were I am now is near Sriperumbudur almost 40 km from the city. Our College is in the middle of this desolate barren patch of land, which would give even the greatest of deserts a shame.

Well surviving in the desert is tough when you don’t have water, and fighting with the countless illusions of Mirage that you face which they say scientifically, is an illusion which is created when the water in the body drops and the brain in your top floor goes for a toss. Anyways where was I, yes my college it is surrounded by greenery and barren patched of land which the Tatas would love to grab as there is no MAMATA in the southern Hemisphere of India.

I look around the hall where I am sitting right now, the tables and desk are all made of steel and are welded together to ensure that they don’t get clustered all around the hall. The Tables of my college remind me of the countless love affairs of Heer and Ranjha, Romeo and Juliet and Raj and Simran which would even light a bulb in Yash Chopra’s head to wield the megaphone again, or make Mani Ratnam make a Alai Payuthey returns.

I look through the table trying to seek if any of my seniors had written any solution to the test that is going to be held today. The Desk though having its share of romantic alliances also has a great share of Egyptian scripting, well why Egyptian cause like how a common man can never make out what is written in those beautiful walls, apart from only admiring and fascinating about the great queen Cleopatra whom they said took bath only in donkeys milk. The same way the invigilator guarding the hall like the warden of a prison cell could never unlock the theories and algorithms that are written on the desk. I search again but to no avail and I fiddle around looking at the boy in the corner who scratches his head away as to why he was there in the first place, or has a serious dandruff problem that is far greater than mine.

“Its Time Come In Come In… Enough the whole year you guys don’t study and giggle and laugh on the phone and in the Cafeteria… Enough Come In Now…” yell’s the invigilator, well it is a she… hmm I don’t know why but in movies we get to see a Sushmita Sen or a Nayantara taking classes but in reality well it is women who are frustrated flabbergasted with their lives way above 40, who give a look as though they are building the space ship that is going to save us from the end of the world in the year 2012.

Well I am always ready at my desk cause till this date all the Anna Univ Exams that I have attended, I have never had a clue before the exam what is going to come, nor after the exam I have had a clue what had hit me. Hmm there they come in, studying MCA in an engineering college is a boon, you get to look at the beautiful engineering girls as they walk into the hall, mimicking and making faces which try to bring to the fore their innocence and flirtatiousness in them. Still till date I have not been able to unlock the girls smile, as if they smile the same at everyone.. Am I her friend.. or a way above, hmm I still wonder.

Thud goes the sound in the desk, the invigilator does it again, maybe she is unable to bear the looks of the guys at the storm of beautiful girls cumming into the hall, or maybe the invigilator is still playing the age old song in her Walkman, yea make no mistake it is not a typo… it is not an i pod it is a Walkman which still sings out “Abhi Toh Mainnn Jawan Huuun”.

Pass it Pass as the Question papers start getting distributed throughout the examination hall. My eyes were always at the guy who sat at the first desk in the hall. He was the one who got the first Question Paper, and always kinda reminded me of the goat that is tied outside the halal shop. i would never miss the expressions of this guy. If his hand gradually moved above his forehead, and he held his head with his hands, almost as if the spinal chords had given away it spelt disaster, and if his face slightly brightened with his cheeks too shy for a smile, well it meant two things, that he knows something, else he knows nothing reminiscing us about all the Bangladeshi batsman who look Brett lee who is tearing away at them at a hot afternoon perth bouncy wicket.

I finally grab my Question paper. I go through it I cant understand a word, this was supposed to be a discrete maths exams, but then what is physics and chemistry equations doing in the middle, I look around the hall… I see my manager standing I cant understand how could this happen, he is not supposed to be here in the first place. suddenly I see my cell phone ringing, I never ever had a cell in college.. I start to sweat. I am in the middle of something which I had no clue of, I wriggle and at a jerk wake up .. the time is 5.00 am now and I am in my bed, am sweating and my alarm which is supposed to wake me up is again beaten by my dreams by 10 mins.

I am almost 30, still these dreams,well or nightmares they never seem to allude me, is it the devilish invigilator who had cast a spell, or is the unsolved questions in my exams which want me to come back, or the girls in the engineering department whose beautiful smiles, would make think that an examination hall is the best place, were you can sit and admire the girl you like writing away to eternity.

Well I may never know. These nightmares or dreams they will return as they have been for all these years. i am ready fro them always putting me in new places, new challenges… Whatever the place, whatever the Situation i would always be …. CLUELESS … :)

— Anand

