Love Short Story – That one message

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

It was 2006, new class, new session, new teachers and new friends waiting! Yes! first day of school, after 7th standard result. 8th standard, obviously a lot much difficult than previous one. I was sitting on my chair, first seat on second row. Waiting for the class teacher to enter. Anxious eyes on the class door. Someone entered, no, not the class teacher. a guy, average 5 feet 6 inches i guess , regular black eyes , straight hair, dark complexion. The most average guy anyone will say. He occupied the send last seat of the third row.

” Priyam ” He answered to someone, who asked his name. I overheard..he wasn’t that loud I think, but maybe my ears were on him! Anyways, teacher  finally entered and day started. Next few days were normal, meeting new people and making some friends ( little studies too) .

One day , while returning back from games period I noticed someone was in the class, means bunked the period, games period! It was priyam, writing something.

”  What are you doing here” , I announced . He looked up, for the first time I saw some unusual thing in his eyes… something, I couldn’t take my eyes off! It was..stupid, I was staring him like an idiot! As soon as I realised this, quickly turned my face. He answered in the most polite manner, that his maths is weak so sir gave him few extra questions to practise in free time. Since I was good in maths, in order to make impression , told him the formulae to be used in the problem. Soon others starting arriving and the class started.

Next day, English teacher gave us a project to work upon, and guess who was my partner, priyam!! Yes! It was him! But wait! Why am I so excited? He was a just a guy… anyone could have been in his place. . so our project was book review on the little women. He came to me, asked me about my cell no. I felt something, my stomach getting tighten up, my heartbeat getting faster than usual, throat chocking, strange things going on in my body.. but didn’t know what, finally, I tore off a paper and wrote my cell no. , handed over to him.

That day, changed my life entirely… we started chatting! Yes, my project was over and done, but still we were chatting ..from most random topics like favourite color , actor to personal things like his parent’ dream to see him becoming an engineer or my hatred towards my dad…and all that. Whole day, after school used to text him, after every 2 mins i started checking my cell for his message… soon it became a normal course. But we never spoke in school.. it would look odd I guess, his zone was completely different from mine. No common friends or interest!

Midterm passed away like that. Then one day teacher announced that the school has organised some game ” chalk ball” a new game, and the match will held in stadium , We all have to assemble there. We made que and headed towards it. for students, there were no chairs, we had to sit on the steps. I sat in the middle row, match started. someone came and sat beside me and said” Hi” , I turned my face and it was him! my heart..this time stopped beating! again the stomach tightening, weird thoughts coming in my mind..he was so close!

I was wearing a skirt and shirt and he was normal trousers and shirt. But I could feel something! his left leg was touching my right one. his shoulder touching mine.. stadium started filling and soon we were too close that i could feel his breath! I …was kind of..glued! couldn’t move or rather didn’t wanna move! my eyes was on match but whole attention on him! continuously feeling happy bout something, feeling like to explode with happiness..butterflies in my stomach.. i was just lost..in him…time passed, break. I turned my face toward him, he was smiling…….. uff! it was his smile, that caught me! prettiest smile ever! revealing his perfectly aligned teeth ..” would I  bring something for you from the canteen ?” his voice..magical…I again chocked but said asked for something, doesn’t remember what.. who cares!

match ended, school over, back to home. but something was different…today I wasn’t waiting for his text. I  was just lost in that moment when he smiled..he was sitting too close to me and still he was so far… whole day i kept on investigating this thing… at night, he text ed, ” hi” and we started chatting. we were talking about the match, but suddenly i messaged him ” who’s your latest crush.?” sh*t! what the hell, I messaged! I am stupid.. most stupid thing i had done ever.. was it because I wanted to read my name or was it because I  wanted him to ask mine , so that I  can say his name..?…confusions..and confusions… meanwhile, his message came!

I  knew the answer ..he was a shy guy, so I  knew he would say no one. and yeah ! I was right, his message was ” no one, you tell, who’s yours” ..now  it was my chance to reply . Should I tell him or should I not? What if he became angry or would start avoiding me..or what he would say i m stupid or not his type or….hundred disastrous thoughts coming in my mind!  Finally I  started typing, type and backspace, type and backspace….did that for approx 20 times, the finally typed this

” YOU!, I love you, I luv ur eyes..ur smile… in class, I turn back around 50 times a day, to just to have a glance of u.. , I m not proposing…or..I dunno..but  WILL YOU BE MINE..?”

Now the task was to click send button! I  roamed in the whole house… walking left  right, fast and slow.. lost…but after 20 mins of typing this, I finally click on that FUTURE DECIDING button!

MESSAGE SENT. Delivery report confirmed! Wish I could stop that. Anyways, after 5 minutes his reply came. HIS REPLY CAME!!!!!!!!! my heart outta my chest! I was numb! No dumb! Felt like..can’t describe! Happy, scared , lost, sad, shocked , 1000 feelings in just one min flashed in my mind! I could’t open it. For half an hour,  just kept starting my switched off cell! Didn’t have courage to read that!

Suddenly, mom entered in my room! my face was looking like a poor lamb , who’s so innocent that is looking guilty of doing nothing… anyways, she just took a pen from my pen holder and closed the door ( THANK GOD !)So now, again the same dilemma. How to open the message…that one ,message for that moment has became my life! I  summoned all my strength ( whatever was left after this BIG conversation ) , took the cell in my hand, switched it on, inbox, opened the message..suddenly turned my eyes away, couldn’t face it! Again stomach tightening, heartbeat and all…finally, I….saw..

It read

” Hey,I  nvr thought bout u dat way..you are my good, in fact best frnd..n but , seriously, couldn’t u fall for anyone else? what’s so spl in me! i am sorry… I’ m …don’t knw what to say..but ..I like you, just as a frnd”

that one message..left me shattered..broken.. lost forever.felt like my entire world was falling apart but I couldn’t do anything to save it. tears started coming out..that was unexpected, I mean I never thought, would felt something like that for someone, whom I ..well..every story doesn’t have a happy ending, and maybe they aren’t the whole story, but just a part of it..

__END__

 – thanks all for reading it. it was my first attempt ever! all the constructive criticism is readily welcomed :)

 

