Short Love Story – Nik Angel Love Story 2

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is a second part of Nik life who recovered himself and moving towards his life .

As Nik living in her memory only which is very difficult for others to bring him back to the practical world .He is crossing a road while coming to home in very careless manner as he was in depression and met with an accident directly got hurt to his head . Nik became totally bedridden for 5 months in mental hospital. His mental condition was very worst as he not responding something unusual doctors tried very hard to save him from the injury but his mental condition is still critical . For example; A person cant do anything until he should prepared for it or responding it like that only his condition . So the doctors adviced to change of place . He was all alone there completely with no support of anyone . just imagine the situation of the Nik being alone in the such situation.He is not alive living as a dead who dont even want to realise whats going on or where he . He is just taking breath and his heart is beating thats it other than no activities. Sitting alone is corner with a tears in his eyes remembering his love Priti and with her memories like this three months passed .

One patient admitted side of his bed a women suffering from brain tumor her daughter taking care of her .After some days she tried to talk with Nik but he was not responding and that girl name is Aadhira.Doctor took her help for recovering him. Aadhira agreed as she is very kind and helping nature girl. She took him for walk daily and inspired him by telling stories . Nik started to recover fast in one month he is back with his sense but still the depression in lot and Aadhira asked him his past she felt bad but she didnt show her feelings to him as she trying to inspire him .Aadhira thought to make him remember or realize her principles and thoughts which she taught him.

Priti is only one who taught him what is love and what is life and how to live. She is the only who changed his life . Nik realized his mistakes started to think his injury also recovering but still he is not cured often he gets severe headach still he manages because who has heart in pain can easily bear the outer pain which is temporary. Nik started to inspire himself and Aadhira supported him lot after 6 months he came to one stage so doctor discharged him with some restrictions and cautions as his head injury was not recovered fully. Now Nik came back to home unfortunately 1 year wasted as he was bedridden. In that year in worked in call centre did certified courses and became mentally strong with new spirit of acheiving something in life .After coming to home he 1st went to priti’s home to meet her mother but home is locked and she went somewhere even Rohan is also went somewhere . Nik tried lot to find out them but he failed. Aadhira went far from him as he got discharge and no communication with her so he lost her also.

Nik is now recovered lot as time passes he made new friends mingled with them and sports adventure camps action . He became favourite among his friends as he hepls lot and support others ,inspire others, guiding them most important making them realize how special they are for themselves and for others with a slogan of Never understimate yourself you are special in your own way.Like this 6 months went and he completed his 10th and got admission to college, all new faces new friends nobody knows him accept some lecturers.College is more interesting because he became the best in all activities and lecturers favourite student as he does everything became popular .He made his own status in the society in this duration he helped many who are in depression and who are unable to recongnise their strength of doing work.

Many girls proposed him but he never accepted anyone he was friend to all infact best friend to everyone but noone trys to see the pain in his eyes which is hiding behind his smile .Nik believes Priti is holding his hand and walking with him every movement and guiding him .He scored top but in second year a girl became made for him even she cutted her hand for Nik . She became headach for him then he thought being a popular hurts others as they are jealous and fell in love and hurt themselves which hurted Nik lot .So he decided to loose his fame as he made a plan with one sir and told Sir to slap him in the class in front of all as doing some wrong work and misbehaving in the college and Nik successed in his plan then he thought to hide his efficieny ,nature ,works and the ability.He hided himself and started living like as he dont know anything .Like this he completed his PUC …….

He is still in Angel’s memory and missing her lot everyday and leading his life with hiding all his feelings and pain in his heart.He is alive because of Priti’s love .Love has the power to recover the pain and also to give the pain but in his life love given him a life.

(To be continued…….)

***

