Short Story from College – Her Story

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Her story- For those who believe they are alone

 Hey, I am Dane Williams and I am writing this for all those who can relate for I would like them all to at least be assured that there are more people that feel like them and feel for them and that there is always a way through it all. There will always be a helping hand. I have been given help and I have also helped. Here, though, what I’ve written is not about me. It is about her.

 She was sad most of the time and that made me want to get to know her all the more. She was the mystery I couldn’t help but figure out. I don’t want this to embarrass her. So I’m not going to give her name here. I would have used a fake name. But, I have been thinking for some time and I can’t seem to think of any other name that suits her. Let us just think of all the unspecified ‘her’s and ‘she’s as her. I hope it will not be too confusing.

 I’m in the corridor now and school is about to start. I’m leaning on my locker, acting inconspicuous. Her locker is opposite. She is walking towards it with some friend who is too busy talking about some end of school party and does not notice the faraway look on her face. She stops by her locker and the friend walks on. Just as the friend is out of sight, she leans her head on the cold metal of the locker door and closes her eyes. She thinks she is by herself. I keep watching her.

 Suddenly, as if she was determined, she opens her locker, takes out her books and walks to her class. As she turns, I see that her face is masked into a look of happiness. Deceiving it must be to most, but to me, she was clear as glass. She walks on.

 Last period, I find myself sitting next to her. She is too engrossed in her own thoughts. The teacher hands us some test sheets to fill up. Wordlessly she bubbles the first few. She gets stuck on the fourth and her hand hovers over the paper. She doesn’t move for a while and I glance up at her face. She is holding back tears. She doesn’t notice me. I quickly bubble in some answers on my own answer sheet and hand them in when the time is up. She is still frozen in her place and as the rest of the class spills out of the room, she slowly stands up and hands over the paper. When she is packing her bag at our desk, a few tears spill from her eyes and she glances around the classroom to see if anyone has seen. The class is empty. She looks relieved. Only then does she notice me. She is taken aback. She tries to hide her unhappiness but she seems to know that I have already seen enough to believe any lies.

‘Please don’t talk about this to anyone. Forget it, okay?’ she says.

I nod. I don’t have anybody close to talk to anyway. I am about to say something to console her when she shoulders her bag and hurries out of the room.

The next morning, I find myself hanging around near my locker, trying to be inconspicuous as always. Today, she is by herself. I am surprised to see her actually smiling. It has been a few days. She is holding an envelope in her hand. It is quite thick and she looks at it with a dreamy expression. She holds the letter close to her heart. Opening her locker, she keeps the letter carefully inside. She turns and walks on to her class. This time there is a spring in her steps. I watch her and smile.

That afternoon, she is not there in Physics class. I decide to find her. As I walk through the hallway, I hear music. I stand at the door of the music room and see her on the piano. Her fingers move effortlessly on the keys. She looks happier than I have ever seen her for a long time. I close my eyes and lose myself in the flawless melody. I never knew she was this good. She seems to sense my presence and she looks around. I quickly slink back. I hear the music resume and I walk away.

 Three more days till senior year ends and we all go our separate ways. That morning, I find myself in the corridor again. She is chatting with her friend and this time she is actually laughing.

 I am at the cafeteria now. I am getting something to drink and she is at the table opposite with a group of friends. There is a light in her eyes and she seems so happy. Her phone rings and she excuses herself from the table. She comes and stands nearby. She isn’t aware that I am there.

 ‘Dad?’ she says, ‘I got it. I got in’. The excitement is evident in her voice. I can see her face brighten up.

 Then it falls.

 ‘But… You said… If I got in on the first try…’ she says. A tear rolls down her cheek. ‘Dad… Please… This is my dream…’ she sobs. She listens silently for some time and says, ‘I can’t believe you. This is my life. I should have a say.’

And then she hangs up. More tears roll down. But she wipes them hastily and turns back to her table, like nothing had happened. She has that mask of happiness back on. I shake my head as I watch her.

Classes just ended for today. I was about to leave. But I am hearing music. I think I know where it is coming from. I head over to the music room. She is sitting in front of the piano. The music is splendid. I look at her face. There are tears running down. I fight the urge to run to her. No, she’ll just be more upset if she knows that someone has seen her. She looks up all of a sudden. I am frozen. I turn around quickly. I make no noise as I walk towards the exit.

As I pass the lockers, I see something on the floor. It is an envelope or at least part of it. I look around and see torn up pieces. I look at the address. Her name was on the front. I turn it around and look at the return address. I am stunned. That is one of the most prestigious music institutions ever. That is amazing. Except, the acceptance letter was torn up and lying on the floor. I remember the phone call. I gather the paper pieces and put in the waste bin on the way out.

It is morning now. Tomorrow will be the last day of senior year. Again, I find myself waiting by the lockers. As usual she comes. This time too she has an envelope. But, she opens her locker and throws it in like she doesn’t care. As she closes the door and turns, her face is screwed up in anger and disappointment.

I don’t see her again that day. I don’t hear any music either. I search a lot, but I can’t find her. I am about to leave and then I see her near the exit. Her eyes are red from crying. Somehow she notices that I’m looking at her. I gulp. She tries to smile and says, ‘You didn’t tell, did you? ’

I say I didn’t and she nods.

‘You know what I’m going through, don’t you? You cleaned up the mess I left in the locker room,’ she continues. I nod.

‘That was nice of you,’ she says. I smile. I am about to say something when a car honks. ‘That’s my cue,’ she says. ‘Thank you for not telling anyone.’

Today is the last day of senior year. We’ll be getting our certificates in a few minutes. All the students are gathered in the audience. Our parents are here too. They start calling out our names. We have to say a few words- our future plans and a few words of thanks. When they call her name, she goes onstage and receives her certificate. My name is called out. I get the certificate and stand in front of the microphone. I give my thanks and then clear my throat.

‘There is also something I want to say to my friends and their parents. This one decision that is made right now is one that decides our entire life. So we must make sure that it is the right one. No matter what others say, keep in mind that this is our life and we are the one’s living it. Yes, we should have a say.’ I look at her. ‘And if you don’t have a say, don’t let your passions die. Keep them close to you. Use every opportunity. One day your dreams will come true.’

I go back to my place. She is still looking at me. I smile back.

It is after the ceremony. My parents are talking excitedly, hugging and stuff. I look over at hers. They are standing in a corner. No one is talking. But I notice she has got a smile on her face.

 She walks over. She says, ‘I needed that. Thank you.’ She smiles and walks away. I smile as I see a slight spring in her steps.

__END__

