Game of 6 – Short Story from College

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was one of those days when we didn’t have a lecture because the professor had not come to the college. We were a group of 12 members who used to enjoy the most when we had no lectures. We used to play the game of Kitty-Kitty which may sound girlie but it was a rough sport. The game was simple. There used to be two teams equally divided with team members. Usually one team used to comprise of 6 members.  Members of one team will have to stand in a line with one end against the wall. All these members will have to bend down forming a plank like structure from above. The other team members will have to jump one by one and sit down on the team members who are bending down. The team members sitting on top of the other team had to sit for one minute. If human wall breaks then the team sitting on top will win. The team bending down had to hold the weight of the other team. If the other team sitting on top falls they lose.

That day during the free lecture we had decided to play the game of Kitty-Kitty. I was in the team who had to jump on the other team. The strategy used to be, we had to jump on the first person holding the wall then only the other members could sit on the rest members. I was the lightest amongst all. I was capable of throwing myself to the first person in the line bending down.

We had decided to play the game. I was the first one to jump on the human barricade. I ran and jumped. I was just able to make it only to the second person bending down. I landed with a thud. The next person to jump was my friend Ranjith. I didn’t see Ranjith coming. He came from behind and jumped over me to the first person on the line. That was a superb jump. Everyone applauded for that jump. The whole class of 50 students was watching this. But after some time Ranjith fell down. I was disappointed with him that he couldn’t hold on for some time. The team bending down stood up and they started celebrating as they had won because Ranjith had fallen down. In the middle of the celebration I noticed that Ranjith was not getting up. He was neither moving. I felt something was wrong. Then everyone realized that Ranjith was lying down unconscious. Everyone tried to wake him up. One guy threw water on him. Still he was not awake. We were all shocked. After sometime, Ranjith woke up from unconscious state. He told that he had hit his head on the wall. But he did sustain any injuries. We were all very relieved.

__END__

