Love Short Story – Relations Cut The Bridge Of Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a real story. When I passed my eighth class, i went to another school in Srinagar, a widest valley in the Garhwal hills (Uttrakhand). I live there with my grandfather and grand mother. I love them a lot. This is true written by someone about how Love always finds a way in each and everybody”s life. Without love there is no life. Everyone falls in love at some point of time in their life, whether it may be a love at first sight or maybe it’s friendship turned into love.

It was 1 March 2006, my first day of new school was superb, seeing new charming faces, obviously new girls, new teachers etc… It was a breath taking experience; the school was like a large park. Everything was clean and well maintained. I asked some students for the way of my class, instead of getting into the class i decided to take a walk around the green beauty of my school as it was too early for the class. The day was superb for me.

After one week, many new students came there, new friendships were taking place. I was struck by the practical labs of physics, chemistry and biology. Suddenly I stopped and felt like, I had never felt that. There were no words coming from my mind to describe it. She must be an angel, I thought, what a beauty, ammm…! . She was submitting her fees at the fee counter. I suddenly stop and start seeing her. Seeing time was approx 2 minutes.

she suddenly said to me, hey whom are u seeing …??

I said, I’m seeing a beautiful girl. She makes her face like i beat her. I feel guilty, and said to her, sorry. She leaves that place where i was actually standing. I was thinking that time… Thank God, today u saved me !!

The days of ninth class were spending like a heart broken after our first meeting. But in annual examination her roll number was with my roll number, God knows how. I was happy. I was just doing some type of flirting with her at those days.

 She became my good and close friend, till today. Her name was sweet – Simran. She always gave a smile to me after the ending of ninth class.

I got 81% marks at that time and she got 80% marks, what a coincidence.

One day I pulled my sleeves up, massed my hair and said to her, Simran, I wanna talk to u about something.

She replied to me, what, tell me?

i said her, 143. she replied, what does it mean…?

i told her, u are a girl, so u know better than me.

she said, no, i don’t know about this.

Then i said, it means simply I Love You.

she said, what r u saying Saurabh?

I told her, Simran, if you want time, u can take it, there is no problem with me.

she gave a sweet smile and replied, making of a relationship is not so simple a task, to prove it u can. to make a relationship is a challenge for you.

I was just simply afraid when i listened to her. Neither did she say yes nor did she say no.

I was just floating in the mixture of oil and water.

After a few days she came in front of me and all of a sudden hugged me and said, saurabh 143. I was smiling from inside and just thinking in my mind what is happening?

She said, I love you, and i replied to her with the same, Love you too baby.

After that day we were too close, we both shared tiffins and lotzz of things.

When I was in Intermediate class, my papa came to my school for checking my performance in the class. Some naughty classmates told him that she is the girl whom Saurabh loves. My papa knows her father. But i don’t know what type of relationship my family has with her family.

Papa asked her about me, she told him clearly that she loves me. Papa gave a charming smile and at last, when i reached home after the ending of classes, he said to me, Saurabh come here.

As soon as i reached him, he asked me, whom do you love.

i said with a slow voice, Simran.

Then he said, u know whose daughter she is?

I said no papa.

He exclaimed that she is the daughter of your mother’s village brother.

I was in tension at that time. Where is my luck, i was in deep thinking.

ON the next day, tuesday, i go to school, i meet with Simran and tell her all the things that papa told me yesterday. She replied to me, whattttttttttt….?

She was just weeping and crying, me also from inside. She then left from that time, from that place.

On the next day she met me, and said Saurabh, we will love each other but, since we are cousins marriage can’t be possible.

I was just simply crying at that time, and left from that place.

From the next day we only say hi hello……!

Today still we love both but, that love can’t be now.

So, it is truely said that LOVE IS BLIND …!

By this way relations cut the bridge of my LOVE …..!

LOvE yOu Simran forever………..! till last breath …! :'( :)

__END__

