Story of a Girl – Why am I so unlucky?

Photo credit: 

 from 

And the result was declared, Sneha achieved second rank. She scored four marks less than topper in the economics. Sneha was commerce student and studying in 12

. She was unlucky girl. Her life started with bad luck as her mom expired after two months of her birth. Her aunty (chachi) who had very kind nature took care of her. Sneha was very cute from childhood. Her family called her PARI. But she missed her mom lot. She was confirmed from childhood that she was unlucky. Sneha worked hard in study but she had never achieved first rank. Bad luck did not stop here. She could not get admission in the top collage due to high fees. So she compromised and got admission in other collage in Ahmedabad. Sneha was alone there and she had no friends there. She felt lonely inside. But she found one friend in collage Khyati.

Khyati and Sneha met in temple. Due to same age and same interest in study, both became good friends. Sneha and Khyati studied in same collage. Khyati was engaged with Jigar. One day, Sneha, Khyati and Jigar went to theatre to watch “ Jab tak hai jaan”. In interval, Jigar mate his friend Amar. Both were good friends in school. Amar was also commerce student who was preparing for CA –CPT exam. Sneha had deep interest in CA line so she started talking with Amar to know more about CA field. Amar gave Sneha his mobile number to contact him for guidance. Amar was from Mumbai and came to Ahmedabad to attend his cousin’s marriage. All got busy in life after this meeting. Amar and Sneha started to send forward messages to each other. There was no friendship between them.

One day Sneha received message from Amar that Amar had cleared the first exam of CA. She congratulated him and they started chatting with each other. After that, Sneha chatted with Amar daily. They were best days for them. Though Places of Amar and Sneha were far away still she felt deep closeness for Amar. Khyati left the study because she got married to Jigar and Jigar’s parents didn’t want that Khyati would continue study. SO now Sneha was alone in collage again. She was beautiful and intelligent but due to her shy nature, she could not mix with other girls or guys. But she found new friend-Amar who became vibration of her heart.

In love, a person feels deep confidence and happiness inside. Sneha was also feeling the same. Sneha was feeling too much happiness. Her aunty was very surprised after seeing Sneha’s behavior. Sneha was now very eager to know feelings of Amar. But Amar was talking about study, friends, movies etc but not about love. As Sneha was unlucky, she was confirmed that if she proposed Amar, he would definitely reject her. So Sneha was confused very much. But one day the clouds of Sneha’s bad luck disappeared. Amar proposed Sneha at Valentine’s Day and told her that he wanted to give her big surprise. Sneha was on seventh sky . She could not believe that she was as lucky as she got boyfriend like Amar. In collage, Sneha was popular and many guys were eager to become her boyfriend. But Sneha said YES to her Phone friend-Amar. Sneha knew that she was living best guys due to Amar but she was firm and had faith in her love.

Time passed out and Sneha was in Third Year of college. She appeared for CPT exam but due to her bad luck, she could not clear. Her family gave her strong support and encouraged her to appear again. But Sneha had deep faith in to her bad luck. She believed why she should waste time as her luck was not with her. Sneha now fully concentrated on chatting. But due to her bad luck(again), Amar was not responding her like before. He had cleared intermediate exam of chartered accountancy and join article ship in big firm. So he had not time to chat with Sneha. Sneha was deeply hurt because she chatted with Amar during exam also but Amar was not responding her in his busy schedule. Sneha cried daily and remembered her mom and asked her why she gave her birth. She was unlucky that her mom left her alone, she never achieved first rank in exam, not got admission in best collage and could not fulfill her dream to be a CA and her love also behaved with her badly.

Sneha somehow managed herself and joined M.Com.Course. Her aunty again convinced her to appear for CA exam again as she was graduate now and could appear for intermediate exam directly. Sneha became ready to try her bad luck again. She appeared for exam and she passed this time. Actually she achieved one more mark than cut off (151). Her two friends achieved more marks than her. One had 160 and other had 163. But Sneha was not as lucky. So somehow Sneha accepted the result and started preparation for finals. Her dad advised her to go to Mumbai and take good coaching. Sneha felt excitement after listening name of Mumbai as Amar stayed in Mumbai. Sneha had now golden chance to meet Amar. Finally, Sneha decided to go to Mumbai for study.

***

To be continued…

