Love Story – STORY OF MY LOVE

“Wake up Sameer. The last bell has rung. Let’s leave”. It was Siyam, my best friend.

I pulled myself back to the sitting position. My neck joints were aching due to the long sleep leaning on the desk. Since I was sleeping on my cheeks it had got the imprint of all the holes and bruises on the desk. Rubbing one side of my face I asked Siyam.

“How long have I been sleeping?”

“For the last two lecture hours” Siyam said with a grin.

All the students had left the class. If Siyam were not there I would be sleeping in the class till I woke up in the midnight and found myself trapped inside the classroom.

“Come on let’s go. The classes of first year batch students will be over by now and they all will be there in the college campus soon. I want to catch some of them before they escape to their houses. It has been a long time I ragged any fresher.” Siyam said impatiently. There were sparks of excitements in his eyes. First year students were colloquially called “fresher” by us, seniors.

We went to the college canteen. Some of our batch mates had already started making fun of first year students. We have got a unique style for doing this. It was like we would stand in a circle around our prey first and shoot hard questions at them or make them do funny stuffs. Both of us joined the circle in no time. This time the prey was a girl. Since I am standing behind her I couldn’t see her face.

“What is your name?” Someone from the circle shot.

“Keerthi, sir” The girl grumbled.

“Keerthi, you are looking so beautiful. Unfortunately according to the universal RULES and REGULATIONS followed for ragging, every beautiful girl in the college has to dance in front of her seniors.” It was from Siyam this time. We all laughed like the long moustached villains accompanying the main villain in old Tamil films. But our laughter remained for some seconds which were followed by silence of shock and surprise when we heard an angry “NO” from the centre of the circle.

“I am not going to dance or sing in front of you filthy guys. Find someone else for your rubbish time pass” Keerthi said with rage in her voice.

Everyone became dumbstruck. I moved to the other side of the circle to get a front view of this rare species that was firing now at the seniors. I glanced at her face and someone inside my stomach did a somersault. She was so beautiful and luring that I couldn’t take my eyes off her. “Sameer, this is your girl. Do something to impress her” I could hear my mind talking to me. However on the other side, the scene was different. Siyam’s pride had been hurt by a silly first year girl. He would do anything out of anger to compensate for that. I knew the scene was going out of hands if I didn’t act now. Suddenly I faked like I got a call. I took out my cell phone ensuring that everyone’s eye was on me. I attended the call and said

“Hello…… What!!!!!…….. Are you sure??….. Anyways thanks man. You are a life saver”

Siyam gave me a dubious look. I said everyone that the call was from one of my friends. He said the ANTI-RAGGING SQUAD HEAD of college Mr. Yogesh was on his rounds for checking whether any first year students were being ragged by seniors.

“If he find us now am sure we all will be expelled from the college forever.” I threatened everyone including Siyam. He gave me an angry look, I deflected my stare away from his eyes worried that he would find out I was lying. He turned to Keerthi and glared at her. Reluctantly Siyam left her and I followed him. I turned and looked at Keerthi to find her looking at me bewildered. She looked at me for sometime and then walked away.

********

Let me tell you about another girl whom, I never wanted in my life. Her name is Vidya. She was my girl friend when we were in school. I was never serious about her and I still wonder why in the hell I had proposed her. But she was like, she would die for me. After school years I tried my best to avoid her. She would send me a dozen messages or call me everyday. I didn’t want to break her heart all of a sudden. So sometimes I would reply to her messages and would talk to her in phone. My Mom met her during one of the Open House meeting in school and she liked her very much. Mom used to tell me to be friends with Vidya and invite her home someday. But she had no idea about the girl friend boy friend thing going between us. Mom and Vidya always kept in touch. When I joined college, I became overwhelmed with my new life and new friends. I stopped replying to Vidya’s messages and calls except occasionally. But I was sure that she loved me very much.

  *********

Several weeks had passed after that ragging incident. Keerthi had become the subject of chats among senior students, for her attractiveness and courage. She was like the most desired woman in the college. Later, it was heard that she was hanging out with many friends who were mostly boys. Keerthi was found with one guy one day and with another guy the next day. These news and all made me upset, for I was infatuated to her.

“Can I have a word with you, in private?” She said.

I felt an intense adrenaline rush all over my body such that I doubted it may leak out of my nose and ears. I tried hard to regain the serious expression on my face and I asked her

“What??… I am a little bit busy now.” I feared that she would say goodbye then seeing my attitude. Siyam was standing beside me glaring at her. I had already confessed to him earlier after that ragging incident, that I lied to him to save her on that day. And I convinced him not to take revenge on her as I am pretty much attracted to her.

“Please, it won’t take much time.” She said with much tenderness that I felt like I would melt down.

I said OK as I didn’t want to lose this chance. I followed her away from my friends. I could sense Siyam looking at me with disdain behind my back.

“So what is it?” I asked her with much seriousness in my voice.

“I wanted to thank you for saving me from ragging that day.” Keerthi said.

“Sorry??… I didn’t save you. Why the hell should I save you?” I pretended bewildered.

“Please don’t act. You know what! Anti-ragging squad head Mr. Yogesh was not there in the college that day. So you lied to your friends to save me right?” She said with a grin on her face.

“Look, my friend called me and said Mr. Yogesh was on his rounds for catching seniors red handed for ragging. I believed him and I wanted to save us and not YOU. How could I know that Yogesh was absent or present in the college!!”  I said trying hard not to blush as she found out that I was saving her. She laughed and I could understand from her face that my lie didn’t work.

“Ok then thanks for saving me accidentally” she said sarcastically.

She invited me to have a coffee at the nearby coffee shop as a tribute for saving her. I felt like I am the Romeo, for the most beautiful girl in college was inviting me to have a coffee together. I could see a lot of envious male eyes staring at us as we walked to the coffee shop and I enjoyed it.

Over the coffee I came to know that Keerthi was staying in hostel just like me. She didn’t have big friends circle in hostel and was the common foe of everyone in hostel. Most of her friends were boys. And her weekends were spent alone in her room doing nothing. I felt sorry for her. Suddenly an idea struck me. I asked her whether she would like to come for the trip to munnar hill station the next day. Unlike I thought she agreed without hesitating. I told her it’s a Boys trip and she would be the only girl but it didn’t make her reconsider the decision.

Our chat continued for some more time. I was aware of the every sip of coffee I took as I never wanted to finish the coffee and the time I got with her. I was doing my best to impress her and was slightly becoming successful in it. But this time, it was real, my phone started ringing. The display showed the name of Vidya. I cursed her in mind and rejected the call.

“Seems like you are busy, Ok then let’s leave. I am also getting late.” Keerthi said.

 I didn’t want her to know that I was desperate for her. So I said nothing to stop her. We sundered at the coffee shop upon agreeing that I would pick her the next day morning in front of the college gate.

***********

Siyam was not happy with me for inviting Keerthi to the trip without asking him. It was only for me that he didn’t take the revenge on her for that ragging incident. I never told him that I had fallen for her, but he knew it and so he didn’t argue much before agreeing to include Keerthi in the Boys trip.

At night, on the eve of trip, I found myself imagining the fun I would have with Keerthi. Many filmy scenes appeared in my mind. I chuckled like a stupid. In the midst of these cheesy thoughts my cell phone ringed. The phone blinked the name of Vidya. I picked it, annoyed

“Yeah, what do you want?” I asked. There was a pause on the other side. She must be hurt, I knew, but I didn’t care

“Did I call you at the wrong time? Were you asleep?” Vidya mumbled.

“No, but I am busy with some works. What is it?”

“Oh, I am sorry. But this is important. I need your help. My younger brother Ashwin is coming to Cochin tomorrow. He has got an exam there. But he is new to the city, he doesn’t know any places. Since you are there nah, can you go with him to the exam centre?”

Earlier today in the evening she spoilt my time with Keerthi in coffee shop with a call. Now she was coming with another plan to ruin my trip with her.

“What is your problem Vidya? Am I staying here to help your brother and relatives? I am not your servant. I have much better things to do than accompanying your stupid brother. Doesn’t he bold enough to travel alone in a new city? Is he a girl? He is your brother nah; no wonder how he has become an idiot and you…..” There was long beep sound from the other side, she hanged the call.

Vidya hangs the call when she was about to cry. I am much familiar with this since I had done this to her many times. I could imagine her in bed now, her pillow wet with her tears. Once I regained my temper I felt a little bad for shouting at her. I never talked to her like that before. I sent her a SORRY message and lied to her that I couldn’t go with her brother since I had got project assistance class the next day. I was sure that in her reply message she would blame herself for not understanding me and would say sorry nine or 10 times. As anticipated I got her message saying sorry within a few minutes. I wonder why she loved me so much even after I mistreated her many times.

Keerthi had been waiting for us in front of the college gate as agreed and on time. Siyam drove the car to her. I was sitting next to him in the front seat. Siyam had managed to arrange a Toyota Qualis for the trip from one of his friends. The dawn was just appearing and most of us were still gloomy because of deprived sleep. But Keerthi was fresh and perfect as always. Seeing her everyone in the car prepared themselves to welcome her, except Siyam. Keerthi got into the back seat saying hi. I turned and gave her a welcome smile. Seeing everything is fine Siyam burnt the engine to Munnar.

*******************

 “I would prefer dieing here in peace rather than going back to college” Siyam kept on saying this at every place,

The Top station, Tea plantations, Echo point, Chinnar Wild life sanctuary, Lakkom water falls everywhere we visited. The trip went really well in the sense that we could visit all these places as we planned. But things didn’t turn out as I expected between me and Keerthi. She was more involved with other boys in the group than me who invited her to the trip. I ignored that and joined them in the fun and games. By evening we had covered all the places except the famous Mattupedi dam which we thought of visiting at the last on the way back. We were the only tourists to be seen by the time we reached the dam.

After the long photography session we all sat at the tip of the dam wall with our legs hanging in the air. Everyone was tired and drained. I replayed in my mind the beautiful day that I just spent in Munnar which I felt like a piece of heaven on earth, the fun I had with Siyam, Keerthi and others, my heart wept thinking of going back to college, waking up from this dream to the reality, to the world of exams, marks and pressure. I was pondering about all these that I didn’t notice that Keerthi changed her position to sit beside me. She crossed her hands with mine and rested her head on my shoulder. I was too tired to even get surprised. I remained in my stature without uttering a word.

“This day wouldn’t have happened in my life if it were not you. I was never this much contented and happy before. Don’t know how I would repay you for all these happiness you gave me. Thank you so much.” She said still grabbing my hand tightly.

I didn’t reply her; instead I leaned my head on hers and remained silent.

Everyone was silent during the return drive to college as if we were going for a funeral function. The end of trip had made everyone gloomy just like at the beginning of trip, though the reasons were different. Siyam took the back seat for sleeping and I was at the wheels with Keerthi sitting beside me. We reached college at night. After dropping Siyam and others at their houses I drove Keerthi to Girls Hostel. We didn’t talk much on the way. I stopped the car in front of the Girls hostel gate. I thought of the similar scenes in English movies where mostly the actress kisses goodbye to her boy friend and I was pretty sure that, that wasn’t going to happen in this scene.

“Weren’t you angry with me when I went with your friends instead of sticking with you during the trip?” She asked with a little grin on her face. The question was very clear to me and I nodded without hesitation.

“You should have gone for Psychiatry than Engineering. You are good at that” I said plainly. Keerthi laughed hearing it.

“Oh…. So you have become possessive even before I became your girl friend!!!” She said in a meant tone.

“What?” I asked in bewilderment.

“Can you be my boy friend?” She asked with a smile on her face. The long drive had made me too tired and consequently relaxed. I looked at her for sometime not even bothering to reply her. I rested my head on the steering and smiled, my eyes closed. I felt the skin of tender lips pressing on my cheek, by the time I opened my eyes she got out of the car.

“Good night, see you at college tomorrow” She said and walked to hostel.

I called out good night and drove back to Boys Hostel with a 10,000 watt smile on my face.

************

The next day the trip had got me down with ill and I couldn’t make to college. The whole day I laid on bed thinking of Keerthi and still skeptical about the things that happened on last night. By evening Keerthi called me which I had been waiting for from the morning. I was eager to talk to her and told her that I was sick which I thought must move her and would give her a chance to show how much she cared for me. Well I was wrong, my sickness was acknowledged by just an “Oh” from her and then she talked about her day at college. After a few minutes of conversations she ended the call saying the custom made Get well soon phrase. In despair I pushed the phone away and tried to get some sleep. It ringed again, but this time it was Vidya. I picked it.

“Hello” I said politely. I could sense a pause on the other side.

“Aren’t you well?” Vidya asked. I thought only Mom could trace whether I am sick or not from my voice.

“Hmm no, got a mild fever.”

“Oh, you have got any antibiotic tablets with you? Wait… Did you eat anything today? I know you must have slept the whole day eating nothing” She frowned.

“No…” I admitted.

“Are you mad or what! You could have called me. Let me see what I can do.”

“But what…”I couldn’t complete, she cut the call. I wondered what was the point of calling her when I am sick almost 250 kms away from her.

After sometime some one knocked on my door. I got up from the bed, my head was spinning and I felt like my legs couldn’t bear my weight. I opened the door to see a boy holding out a packet of bread, jam and some tablets to me. I had seen this boy before in hostel, must be my junior, I thought.

“I am a friend of Vidya’s brother. She just called me now and told me to get you this” He introduced himself. I was a little bit surprised and moved by Vidya’s care for me. I collected the things from him and closed the door. I took my phone to send her a Thanks message, but she had already sent me the reply message

“Don’t need your Thank You… Take rest.

”

***********

Days passed, most of the time with Keerthi. We hanged out at the college campus, sometimes outside the campus. I got to watch every new releasing movie because Keerthi loved movies. Siyam was angry at me often, for I spent little time with him. He said I had changed a lot and I never admitted that.

Soon Keerthi and I became the most celebrated couple of the college. Every boy in the college said I was the luckiest and some said I had enchanted her. Anyways, I liked others talking about me with envy. Meanwhile Keerthi had made new friends, mostly boys from her class. She started hanging out with some of them too. Siyam had warned me saying that Keerthi was not a good girl and she was seen with many boys. I teased him for his narrow heart and conventional idea of doubting a girl when she was seen with a boy. For his sake I had asked Keerthi about her numerous male friends and she teased me for being so possessive. She said they all are her best buddies and she was more comfortable with boys than girls and that was why her friends are mostly boys. After that I didn’t drag that subject into our conversation.

My life was going happily and happening. At the same time my pocket money also drained smoothly and fast. Expenses of eating out and movies had doubled since I got a new partner. I couldn’t ask more money from Mom because I knew that was the maximum she could give me. Her salary was too meagre to afford an extra pocket money for me. After the death of Papa things were a little difficult

I made a plan to drive Keerthi home on the day of college closing for semester break. But this time, just two of us. I would get a fair time with her since her house is around 3 or 4 hours drive from college. She too got excited when I said it to her. But making the plan practical was not as easy as planning. I needed money for that. I pondered about many ways for making an extra penny. At last I ended up doing a part time job in a Mobile phone selling shop.

I didn’t tell Mom about my new job since I was pretty sure that she wouldn’t like it. Every weekend she called me asking whether I could make it to home that weekend. It had been almost 2 months since I visited home. I knew Mom felt very lonely after Papa’s death. I was the only solace for her. But I had to work at the Mobile shop on weekends, so I lied to her that I had got special classes to attend. Vidya was a great relief for Mom. She visits Mom on every weekend and spends a full day with her. Mom likes her company.

Almost half an hour had passed waiting for Keerthi in front of her hostel. I turned off the ignition of the car, which I hired for that day to drive her home. I was happy that semester break had started and college was closed for one full month, Mom would be glad that I am coming home. At the same time I am going to miss Keerthi too.

I thought about the last night argument with Mom over phone. Mom’s scheduled date for the medical check up was on next day and I had promised her that I would be with her when she asked me two weeks before. Unfortunately I forgot about all that when fixed the date of trip. Yesterday night I called her and said I couldn’t come home. I lied to her some reasons when she asked. It was a tough job for me to persuade her to go with Vidya to the hospital. I called Vidya before calling Mom and asked whether she could accompany Mom and as I expected she was happy with it. When Mom figured out that I was determined with my decision she agreed. Before ending the call she asked me

“Son, have I done anything bad to you?” her voice faltered. I knew she was about to cry.

“No, Mom. It is…”

“There is nothing like that Mom.” She had hanged the call. I felt a little hurt and guilty for not missing her even after two months away from home.

*********

“Ok, let’s go” Keerthi said throwing her baggage to the back seat and sat beside me. She was very happy that her face was brighter. She held my hand and gave me an innocent smile. I smiled at her, you are the best thing that happened in my life, I thought.

Over the drive Keerthi talked about how she was going to spend her vacation. Her cousins wedding was coming and she was confused about her attire. In this way she continued chattering. I nodded every now and then, though not interested in her topic. I thought she would say that she was going to miss me and she may ask what my plan was for vacation. I cursed myself for being so filmy.

“Hey pull over here” Keerthi said suddenly

“What?” I asked worriedly.

“I have to leave a package at that house over there. It’s my friend’s house and I promised to get her the package on my way home.” Keerthi said pointing to a house nearby.

“Oh, at last you started making female friends too” I teased her.

“Ha…ha… very funny” She said giving me a pinch on the cheek.

She got out of the car carrying the package. As soon as she got out her phone which was on the seat vibrated. I called out to take the phone but she didn’t hear me and went. I took the phone and it blinked 8 unread messages. I opened her inbox and saw all the messages are from Tony. Tony was Keerthi’s one of best buddies and class mate. But the possessive part of me made me open the message. It read.

“Ok, enjoy the drive. Have a good time. Will call you at night, Love you.”

I didn’t like his LOVE YOU and why should he call someone else’s girl friend at night. I wanted to slap him on the face. I opened the sent messages folder and it was full with messages to Tony. I felt angrier and opened one message randomly

“I am with Sameer, on the way to my home. He is giving me a drive. So please don’t call me for next 5 hours. I don’t want to break his heart 

I am just misinterpreting everything; I forced my mind to take it that way. But I was feeling a little bit sick. I opened another message randomly.

“Sameer is much better than you. You only want ‘that’ thing from me. Sameer is good at heart. Sadly I love hoodlums like you than good hearts, what to do… my fate…

”

I felt like blood was draining out of my face and body. I was too sick to open another message. I felt like someone had sucked all happiness out of my life. In anguish I leaned on the seat and closed my eyes. I remembered Siyam’s warning, he was right and I wasn’t. I thought about Mom’s faltered voice “Have I done anything bad to you, son”, I thought about Vidya, her unconditional care and love for me. I took my phone and dialled her number. She took the call.

“…you won’t listen to me. I am going to take away all those sweets from your kitchen.” Vidya was talking, annoyed.

“Hello??? Vidya???”

“Ha Sameer, I am with Mom in hospital. Medical check up is over and got the medical report. Everything is fine except the Sugar level. It’s my mistake, I brought Mom sweets every weekend, but I told her no to have too much of it… Mom… what’s the point of hushing me!!! Yours son must know it…”  She continued arguing with Mom.

“Vidya” I called, but she was busy squabbling with Mom.

“Vidya” I called her again.

“Yeah Sameer” She said.

I took a deep breath trying my best to prevent me from breaking. I said, this time meaning each and every word.

“I love you too” She said, contentedly. I gloated and wanted to see her soon.

After deleting her contact number from my phone I threw her baggage and cell phone out of the car. I felt like I had thrown away everything, even the trace of her from my mind. I turned the ignition on, took the U turn and drove to the world where I would live for the people who lives for me.

