This story is selected as 

Thriller Short Story – THE LAST STORY

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Writing a story is not easy as one thinks. Making one is homologous to creating a universe. We fabricate our own universe and add reality to it. To write a perfect story, you need to delve into the character’s world, walk in his shoes, see through his eyes and breathe the air he breathes. Feel his pain. Feel his happiness”.

My father’s advice, when I told him about my decision. He badly wanted me to run his textile company but I refused. He was a great man. Like all fathers, he was a great inspiration to me. He helped me walk the thorns of life and bared the pain for me. He helped me to see things differently. For all those who asked “Does God exist?”

I replied ‘yes and he is right in my home’

But that was years ago. Things have changed now. I fear it had changed for the worse. It was time for dusk. Sun slowly sank into the red copper sky. Birds returned to their nests. Natural light dimmed off to evoke artificial lights. I was writing my novel, most probably my last story. So, I named the book “The last story”. I loved the title as it spoke of something that would finally disappear. People fear death but ironically, the same people love reading books about apocalypse and end of human race. 

.  My Mac notebook was running out of charge and I barely have one and a half hours to finish my novel.

This story was formed as a by-product of my ruthless wrath that occasionally disturbed me. The incitations of my anger was a young guy of mid 20’s

I first met him in a literary award function held two years back, to honour me. It was a time when I was in peak and all the other ‘competitors’ were sloping down the mountain I conquered. He barged through the crowd to meet me. I assumed that he wanted an autograph of mine. Later, I realised that he wanted to write a novel and asked for my help to assist him. I could have but I refused. The refusal came up with nasty language speared on him. It didn’t end well. From my refusal arose his literary knowledge from the deepest part of his cerebrum. From my refusal fell the literary knowledge I had. Jealousy filled my mind. I came up with a couple of stories but they sounded cheap and worthless to the ears of the agents and producers. My father used to say 

”. I never paid heed to his words. So, I had come up with a gritty story that would bleed Shah’s gut and spit the brains out of his 

 head.

‘The last story’ reveals the darkest secrets of a man that one would ever show up. The protagonist pukes out his darkest of emotions that was haunting him for a long time. People say humans are born for a purpose and each and everyone helm a destiny that they have to fulfil. He feels he was born without a destiny. He breaks down to tears often when he sees people enjoying a better life than him. He feels it is quite foolish of our ancestors to make a feather-weight cotton- and balsam- made pulp sheet as a medium to access any property in the world. World cries for money, studies for money, works for money but he has other ideas. He decides not to live but all of sudden he discovers his destiny. He asks himself whether it is a destiny formed on his own or is it actually the one that is supposed to be his.’

I have heard drivers say that they sometimes hate speed breakers laid on the road; it breaks continuity, flow of the vehicle. My father used to say 

.

‘My protagonist doesn’t complain. He decides to remove them rather than driving on a plain road. He starts his mission. He decides to kill the person who intervened in his life unnecessarily. He chisels his head with chainsaw brutally and smiles when warm blood splatters on his face. A day he can never forget, his first act of sin. An eerie feeling ran down his spine. He realised he just killed the guy who brought nightmare into his life. A moment to cherish but the excitement slowly drops down as seconds pass by. He begins to doubt his conscience. Guilt hung heavy on his shoulders. He sits opposite to the headless body and seeks apology from the dead. He also wonders why the death of enemy brings joy first but later loses its shine. 

This didn’t stop him. He compromises himself that the destiny still awaits him. He reaches his pale yellow walled house. He hears a whisper 

. His eyes widen and pupil gets dilated. He replies back. 

. He hears a sweet feminine voice.

He looks at a beautiful girl in pale colored skirt and wrinkled tops standing in front of him. Her beautiful brown eyes reflects his pale guilt-coated face.

She nods with a charming smile and picks out a dry plate to lay food. The protagonist admires her duty as a daughter and slowly examines her beauty as a grown up woman. Libidinousness blinds his eye and his identity as father.  He touches her hand and feels the tenderness of her body. She smiles at him and asks whether he is in a cheerful mood. He nods his head slowly and stands behind her. He gently massages her shoulder. His daughter starts to feel uneasy about her father’s attitude and gently picks his hand off her. This irritates her father and he bangs her head on the rickety table. He comes close to her ear and mutters, “You are mine”.

 

I felt I needed a break. I looked at my watch. The long hand was ticking its way to eight. I needed a cup of coffee, a hot one. I called my wife, Reema for coffee. I realised she was not home and made myself a steaming hot hazy brown colored coffee from my coffee maker. My fingers ached and cried for rest but my story was pulling me to its universe. 

. So, I resumed my story.

‘The protagonist rapes his daughter brutally and kills her, leaving helpless on the cold concrete floor. He sits on the chair and looks at his dead daughter. He wonders how silent death can be. There was pleasure for a moment. A divine pleasure and it died out like death

. When the pleasure dies out, he realises he has done the greatest crime a man can ever commit. He collapses on the floor and watches her daughter’s sour turned face. Her wet lips feebly moves.

 

 He whimpers and cries out loud.’

Suddenly, I heard my mobile ring

. I simply ignored the call and continued my work.

 

 

 asks his conscience. He bursts into tears. 

. He pressed the muzzle of the gun deep into his throat. 

 

Just then the door banged open. A man in casuals holding a revolver stood motionless and slowly knelt down the floor. The author was lying dead with his head shot down and a revolver was dangling from his hand. ‘No! No!………’ , he whimpered and tears rolled down his cheek.

Later the room was examined by the police. They found two dead bodies wrapped in a plastic sheet under the bed. The man in casuals looked dead-pan and stared at the laptop in which the story was written.

“Hemanth?”

Hemanth wiped his tears off and turned back to see a fat police officer in tight kaakhi uniform.

“She called me. I…….I….. should have acted fast”.

“Hemanth. I am sorry. No one expected this….. Not even them”.

“My sister never did any kind of harm to him and he mercilessly brutally raped and killed his 15 year old daughter”.

“Gross. Real gross …and yet another shocking news, someone has killed Rinkesh Shah and I believe…..”

“I know”.

“Why did he do this?”

Hemanth sniffed heavily and gave a woeful expression.

“He didn’t do this……… His character in the story did”.

The end.

