A true love story from college

Photo credit: 

 from 

Every story has a beginning……

But some stories never have their end… !!!

…. After a long time he saw her again. She gave him the same smile and his eyes was not ready to miss a single look of her..,, the similar big cute eyes with full of joy and inspirations in them. She asked the boy, if he is okay;; and the boy was quite. In a moment she passed away, with the same tease in her heart of losing a friend… And tears rolled on,, from his eyes wondering the time they’ve spent together…!!!

 

It was the time of their college life… The cool life…!!!

The BOY: Mischievous bad boy, with bad image in college among all faculties,, but yet a good friend with good heart for all his colleagues; with whom he always use to enjoy; drinking, smoking ,etc… Often he comes to college but never reach up-to his classes, with no worries of result’s he just followed the same routine every day, to which he called ENJOYMENT..!!

One year later. .. .

 Now time for the juniors to come,, his group use to call them for having fun. One day, the boy proposed a girl among their juniors again for fun and to what his friends use to call as “SETTING” !!

The GIRL: Naughty, pretty not good in looks..but with beautiful soul. Everyone use to pretend her wrong for her frankness,, but she was the heart of her friends.

She took everything serious,, Yet refused!!!

She didn’t even realize that this was only for fun. She dealt the matter very friendly and instead of treating the boy harshly, she handled him with her soft heart. . .

The days went on & on, and they became good friends.. The boy really fell in love with the girl this time; and confessed everything in front of her one day.. She was normal and instead of shouting she smiled :-D and

Said: Its OK..Be relaxed!!

The girl was comfortable with the friendship but not in the state of being in a relationship with the boy. She had her desires and some different goals for life… Her dream was more precious, then to be in a relation with the boy.

Love..

Care…

Respect….

& Expectations from the girl went on increasing for the boy,, with everyday passing and this gave birth to fights. One day the boy decided, never to talk again as he thought the girl does not understand him. The girl accepted and never explained anything this time. She thought,, if her friendship is strong he’ll come back again…

After some months he is back again, with a promise that they’ll be friends forever and the boy will not repeat the same thing ever. But his heart was unable to stop beating for her. He was strongly affectionate and ready to do anything for her.

The girl tried to make him understand that there is no future if they’ll fall in a relationship because of families, but the boy is not ready to except all this again. He again stopped to talk with her. And this repeated many several times.

3 Years passed away with the same thing again and again, and now the girl decided that if he’ll come back again, she’ll not treat him friendly. Herself respect was badly hurt and she accepted that she had lost his friend.

One day, her phone rang again. She picked up and the boy say’s sorry,, but the girl is not the same friend this time.

He did everything to make her understand but she is not ready to cry with the same tears anymore. After her so many tries the boy is not even ready to leave drinking & smoking and also she realized all the lies, the boy told her to make her happy.

She didn’t need that false happiness but she was hurt for losing her best friend.

It’s very hard to realize that you are no more important for the person for whom once you were everything. It hurts a lot when you see someday, that you lost a person who was truly indeed for you.

The boy realized what he had lost. He himself knew that his family will not accept his love…but yet he didn’t have a control over his heart that beats for her every day.

 

…..And she passed away, with the same tease in her heart of losing a friend… And tears rolled on,, from his eyes

wondering the time they’ve spent together…!!!

Because some stories never have their end… !!!

~Noopur~

 

You can find the story on my blog too…

https://apparitionofmine.blogspot.in/2012/01/true-love-story.html

