Romantic Story of College Students- Angelica got a black

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a story of my university life. My new life is going to start. The new era has to began. The university is waiting for me the fun the enjoyment and everything I had listen about the university life.

I came to Australia for the studies . I got a scholarship. It so exciting to for me to live in a different country. I came with a plain in my mind that I will do a lot of fun in the university life ,parties ,fun but also education necessary.

On the airport I saw a girl wearing a tight jeans and a white top on it . Ooh its so lovely . I think I’m in love with her. I’m constantly looking at her .Oh My God she’s so beautiful. She call for a taxi and she gone, and I’m just looking her.

I also go on my way, reach the university get my admission information. But there is one problem ,Now where I live. I don’t know anyone in this country, not much information about the city what can I do?

I’m standing on the main gate of university suddenly i gentle voice came from my backside “Are you new comer , when I turn my head I’m shock its her. The girl on airport . I can’t believe it . Its just amazing .

I said “yes I’m”.

My name is Angelica she said.

Oh I’m Andrew.You’r new too.

Yes I’m she said. Well we don’t know anyone each other so if you have no problem can we get a single apartment for both of us .So it will help us.What you think?

I’m think in my mind thanks God it a beautiful day of my life, how can i refuse that.So we call a taxi and go to some hotel to get an apartment on rent. In the taxi I’m just looking to her face constantly. And she talk and talk all the way and I’m listening her.

We got an apartment of two rooms so nice we go to our rooms take a shower and setting the things in the apartment .

And the days gone . We are best friends now ,eating together doing everything together, watching movies fun . I’m SO happy that I got that girl with which I want to be.

One Saturday night, she was outside, and I’m in my room watching porn movies. Angelica knew that and we didn’t lie to each other. I usually sleep in a boxer. I don’t now when my eyes was closed and when I was in a sweet dreams.

Suddenly the door of my room opens what I saw that angelica standing in the door wearing a black sexy bikini . She’s looking so horny,sexy and beautiful. I have no words to define that. I asked her what happened. She didn’t answer and came to my bed with a slowly and sexy moves.

My pulse rate and my heart beats increase. She said I want to show you something exciting . She drop her top on the floor and move forward towards my face and said “look here the tattoos”, there is a butterfly tattoo on her chest ,with a black ink. How beautiful it was and the mostly beautiful thing is that its on the chest of worlds beautiful lady with which I’m now,I said to her.

“I love u ” she said , and start kissing each other , we are in love now . And that night the love imaged.And we did sex.

After the university over we both are decided to stay together.And live our whole life in loving each other.

Sometime what u want in life with your honest heart , it came to you without any struggle.

THE END

