College Short Story – I AM FORTUNATE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Good morning every body. I am very happy to take the opportunity of exposing the story written by me. First of all let me introduce my self. I am slifej from a small town where the development started just. I passed my 10th standard and entered college.

As our town was just developing the facilities were normal and most of us used to participate in cultural activities ignoring our education. I used to be in the last rank some how passing the standards. Now the story follows:

It was my junior college days. As usual on that day also I attended college .During the Second period I saw a girl standing at the class room entrance door seeking permission. She looks pretty and fair. The teacher permitted her into the class room and told her to introduce herself. She introduced herself as kate and she was from a city which was highly developed and her parents are doctors she was the only daughter to her parents. She was fluent in English. It is our tradition that when ever there is a new comer we invite her to sit by the side showing the place and if the new comer sits by the side, the invited person feels them self great. As usual the same thing happened in our class. Though I was ambitious to invite her, my proud ness stopped me. But it was surprise that she came and sat beside me giving a pleasant smile at me.

Then I introduced myself in my poor English version which attracted her to me to be a friend. As the days passed, our friendship strengthened. As she was from city with well known knowledge, she taught me telephone usage, playing games and singing songs. As I was already in touch with cultural activities, it became easy for me to concentrate on the activities taught by her. Slowly she started diverting me towards studies in which I started showing interest due to her motivation. Till that time I was an average student, but after all these matter I became an intelligent student.

As we were moving to higher classes our friendship started turning into competitive spirit, which made me complete my junior college studies. During our final exams we were placed at different centers because of which we were not able to meet. Even after several efforts we were not able to meet each other which started showing impact on my mind that I was going to lose something. Some disturbance and imperfectness took place. The exams completed and the days passed, but there was no sign of her. One day the results were announced, I was kept in 5th place and she was in 4th place. All the collegemets were enjoying the results, but my eyes are eagerly searching for her. Results could not give any happiness to me without her.

Because of this unknown disturbance and irritation I started losing my commonsense, shouting at my elders. To escape from the situation I used to go to bus stand and wait for the bus that comes from her city. I used to feel some satisfaction after seeing the bus with her city name plate. After it departures I used to go to home, this became a regular habit to me. I lost my interest in meals, daily work and about my future. On the parents pressure at last I joined my graduation to become a doctor as she wished. But due to my negligence, I was moved to Engineering.

One day it happened that one of my old collegemets met in the college and we had a long discussion in which her topic came. Then he told that she was doing college at her native city from where she came. She was as usual as before. After hearing all these words I felt that my world had changed to those memorable college days.

The next day I and my friend left to the city. My friend took me to travel in a bus where I saw her. She was on her way to college. As the bus was full of rush I was not able to talk to her. As the bus reached the college I, my friend and she got off the bus. I moved forward to greet her, but rushed into the college campus leaving a serious glance at me as if something was wrong. The world looks dull to me.

From that day I never saw her in my life, but felt that I lost everything. Now only her memories make me survive. Till that time of her in contact, I used to feel that I was fortunate because she was with me and I love her, but that day I understood that “being loved by someone is fortunate”. Keeping in view of this as how she was with me, the same I implemented in my life sharing the happiness, sadness and sorrows of surrounding people and serving them in all the ways as possible.

“Now I became fortunate” as all my surrounding people love me and treat me as one of them which is my destiny in my life.

__END__

