Friends Short Story – A smile behind the mask

Photo credit: 

 from 

Tenth grade in school was a time we all enjoyed with friends and the teachers.

 I had a group of friends whom I used to call my best acquaintances; we were eight of us in the ‘GANG’, as most of us call it.

 We all had different schedules as we were in different classes, but we would make it a point to meet up during break and after school. Two of my best friends were in my class, and we would always sit together.

 One day, our class teacher came in with a girl. She was tall and skin tone tan. She was from Chennai and was wearing a dark purple churidhar. The teacher introduced her as Navya and she was going to be in our class this year. My friends looked at me and saw a smile come across my face. They knew I loved making friends, and I was willing to help anyone in any way.

 I found Navya to be a very quiet girl, she always liked to be left alone, we would want her to mingle with us but she would never budge from her seat.

 I often wondered why this girl loved being alone in her place. During the break we would sit with Navya and would introduce ourselves to her. She would never talk to anyone of us; I would try my best to make her say anything she wished.

 She never spoke anything to anyone, and I don’t even think I saw her smile too.

 Our annual day was approaching, and our teachers were grouping us into dance, singing and plays.

 We all were excited as we all could skip our classes and go for our annual practice. Our teacher asked Navya if she would like to participate in any of the items in the annual day, but she would look down and nod her head saying no, as if she was dumb.

 She never came forward to participate in any competitions.

 The day had finally arrived, and we were all excited, the dances were amazing and the songs were so melodious. Then our play was about to begin and we found out that our main actor Shruti had an accident and would not be able to perform in the play. We were all sad and were tensed as the parents were waiting for the play to start. Suddenly, we saw a pretty dark girl walking from the dressing room, to our surprise or should I say shock, it was ‘NAVYA’, can u imagine Navya,the most quiet girl of the whole school was willing to participate in the play as the main character. She walked up to our class teacher and told that she knew the lines of Shruti; the teacher was happy and asked Navya to get ready quickly.

 The show was remarkable; there was enthusiastic response from all the parents. I looked at Navya and finally saw her pretty smile, it was as if she removed the mask she was wearing for the first time. I felt that she was very happy to have proved herself worthy of something.

 From then on Navya was part of our gang and she enjoyed being with us. She would be a part of all our parties and outings.

Dear friends, it is really nice to make friends and let me tell you, the best thing you could ever get in this world is a trustworthy friend who is always by your side whenever you need them. I have seen many people who become friends just for fame, money or to solve the problem in which they are in. Don’t be fooled by people who become friends just for the sake of becoming friends, make friends with those who really want to be your friends and with those who make you feel really special the way you are.

I am CoolRika and I promise that the world is much better with smiling faces, so remove the mask which is keeping you away from people and go out into the world with true smiles and make real friends who really bring the best out of you, because every single person in this world is different and special, so see the character of the person and not the looks or their money, then surely your life will be full of happiness and joy.

__END__

