Story of My Life – Love Short Story

Story of My Life – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was very difficult for me to carry a massive bag in hot summer of 1 pm. Even then I walked upto 300m till I reached to an auto. I threw my bag inside it as I wanted relief as soon as possible. Then I took my seat. The driver interrogated where I had to go. I showed him the visiting card of Potential +2 School without saying anything. He understood what I meant and he ignited his auto. After travelling five minutes, across more than ten turns, I reached my destination. I showed him a ten rupee note. He looked at me as if he would kick me out of his auto. He cried that it’s Bhagalpur and nothing comes worth of a ten rupee note in 21st century. His loudness was enough for the people around to look at me. I didn’t want such a scene so hurriedly I gave three ten rupee note and picked my bag up and entered im my coaching institute. I met my sir I.R. Shamsher and filled up the admission form. Then sir asked whether I had taken my meal or not. As soon as I replied in negative he suddenly pulled my hand and showed me the way to Bolero and told to have meal first. I reached my residential place and myself. I took my plate and put that cold and tasteless food for the first time in last three months. After having meal I took rest thinking of my family. As my first day in hostel passed.

The next morning I waked up early as I was very curious to meet my new friends especially female friends. I bathed and did all those things which every human does. We waited for Bolero for less than three minutes and then in arrived. We hurriedly sat into it. Thus, we reached coaching where our female classmates were already there in beautiful dresses. I took the back bench as sitting back facilitates us in keeping eye on each and everyone. After taking my seat, once again I scanned all girls to know whoever is most beautiful. I got her whom I really wanted. She was in a dark pink T-shirt and Jeans. She looked very beautiful and her shape was also very attractive. I looked her once again. Her hand had a beautiful pen which looked awesome. I felt like kissing her, but it was quite impossible that time. The hours passed she didn’t notice me. She didn’t look at me even for a single time. I reached my hostel and necessary things. I didn’t know her name but her awesome face struck my virgin heart making a deep affection towards her.

Next day arrived hurriedly and I did the same. I took the same position as of previous day. Our Physics teacher came and selected the chapter Light and Optics as our first chapter to be learnt. He gave some basic concepts as other all teachers of the entire world do. He asked a question midway. Nobody could answer, I stood up and made the correct answer in a fluent language. When I was answering she looked at me for the first time in my life. I felt proud being a hero and specially only because she noticed me. I was very glad that day as if I got everything required for me to live in this world.

After that day I didn’t get much attention from her which I needed. Apart from this sometimes she oftenly used to look at me.

One day I was laying on my bed and listening Bhagalpur FM Radio, then I suddenly thought to send a joke to the program. So I did that. I waited long for my name to be announced. At the mean time the narrator took my name and described that I was from Araria and all. I was very happy as I could hear my name from a radio for the first time in my life.

The next day I reached coaching earlier than usual. As I entered the class room. Our eyes met. She gave a smile. I didn’t know why she was behaving like this.

Unknowingly I asked “ What? ”

She interrogated me if my name was Akhzar Farhan and I was from Araria. I replied in affirmative.

“ How do you know? “ I interrogated.

She replied that she had listen my joke in FM Radio. I understood the matter.

“ You know my name and address, no? ” I asked her gathering all my manhood.

“ Yes then? ” She asked.

“ Tell me yours ” I asked.

She smiled and said “ Neha ”.

“ It’s a beautiful name as you ” I said.

She smiled and turned back. I took my seat. After 30 seconds she turned to me asking how I mailed the radio channel. I gave her the fundamental knowledge about that. She asked me if I could help her in creating her own ID as it was new for her. I replied in affirmative. But the problem was where to create her ID, but she solved the problem telling that we would go cafe just after class. When I heard that, my heart started pumping 10 times more blood than it does usually.

 I started thinking the of moment in which the most beautiful girl would be sitting next to me. The class ended. She looked at me as if she wanted to know whether I was going with her or not. I went out with her to the nearest cafe. We sat next to each other. I started making her ID. I asked her desired username, then I punched that. As soon as it accepted she clutched my shoulder in excitement. I looked at her, she felt shy. I smiled and turned to the monitor. My heart’s frequency went upto 3Hz. During the conversation I put my palm on her lap, and acted as it happened unknowingly. But she didn’t oppose. Instead of it she gave a brief smile. I understood that she had feelings for me, which was enough for me to get her.

Next day she didn’t come to coaching. I didn’t ask for her absence. Days were passing I was very much curious to know the reason for her absence. So I asked about her to one of my female classmates. She replied that she left coaching because she didn’t like the worst food items and climatic conditions provided by Potential +2 School. I was completely shocked. I felt like crying.

I returned my home as the classes ended. I had nothing but her name and E-mail ID which I had made for her. I opened my laptop and launched Google Chrome. I searched her name in Facebook, but…

Author:

 Akhzar Farhan

