Being forever.. A Love Story

Prologue…

Life was easier, just being a four letter word, rather than such a harsh metaphor. It could easily mould visions and it did skillfully crush her…

She never knew what pain was until she felt it. It took her forty years but she eventually did. Having a good family to support you in every materialistic ways possible, you hardly care about anything else, so did she, except for her battered heart, which always kept craving for something she didn’t know.

And through her early years, she was never different ( though she always felt otherwise). Her life was a routine of seasons, there were some breezy summers, dark monsoons and freezing winters, nevertheless she survived. But now, standing on the brink of a huge horizon, wasted away in a million mistakes, she hardly felt the same way as she felt before.

Truth is harsh, knowing it sometimes can be tough; living with it, is a lot tougher-sometimes even tough enough to steal away your own soul. And she couldn’t bear it anymore. Peering in the darkness that lay ahead, she tried hard to search for a tiny speck of glow. She tried in vain, for there was none, it was the rule of nature, it was-night.

She stood there alone in the darkness, darkened by the sunset that washed the starry sky with a dark crimson hue. Crimson, how strange! This single colour metamorphoses itself into so many emotions…the crimson sky, the crimson love and the crimson blood..

However hard she tried to think, nothing could be found worth amusing her even in the tiniest of bit. Glancing at the quartz radian watch, she could see their hands move, she could feel the moments fleeting, and she knew it was time to rewind those events of her life for the very last time…..even if only in mind, only in memories.

 

Chapter 1

“So you want to be a bird?” Nihant asked, passing a tray of cookies across the table.

“No, not exactly that, I mean, I wish I could soar above all chains of life into infinity and beyond” she argued.

“You can’t fly without wings, can you? Well only if you omit the fancy unicorn and vampires of yours”, joked Aditya.

It was almost close to a comic relief, and the group didn’t want a chance to miss out on that especially in a situation when matters were getting too complex to imagine.

“There’s a subtle difference between the two Adi, its like flying and defying gravity, they both are quite different things”,

Answered a voice behind her and there was absolutely no need to turn around and see who it was, everyone knew him just  

…As he darted across the wooden desk, she concentrated all her mind  on the dark teak in front of her, not daring even once to look up, and trying really hard to prevent the crimson blush from showing up on her face.

Neal Chatterjee was already seated in his favorite place. Extreme sharp features, on a 6’1 frame, adorned by a charming personality made him every girl’s fantasy, but the heart within was far from fantasizing itself. And she knew that, so did the others. What was he, she thought, a freaky Greek god? 

Her thoughts momentarily flickered, the café was getting noisier each day, but little could they do from preventing her mind lines from tracing their way back. It had been there three and a half years since she first saw him, three and a half year since she fell for him. The same dark brown hair, deep eyes, thin rimmed specs were there the day she ran into him amidst a crowded corridor, and has been there since. But little do things change, its people who change colours drastically.

But she even wasn’t lucky enough to witness that. For all through these years she have had this crush on him while he was entirely non aligned. Shy or introvert wouldn’t describe him, as well, as mystery would. Yes, that’s exactly what he was, an intriguing, unsolved mystery; for he could be with them physically, yet his mind distinctly dissolved in something else, or he could laugh without the smile even reaching the outskirts of his eyes, and these stuffs distracted and disturbed her hugely, she was yet to figure out why.

Often he had caught her staring at him during boring lectures or in chat with groups, both the times it was dreadfully embarrassing. For either the blood would drain out of her face or turn her cheeks into crimson apples. In short, she turned miserable every time she faced him. And today she certainly didn’t want history to repeat itself.

“Anwesha, would you care to take a stroll by the lake this evening, with me?” Neal shot her a question, while compiling his notes, as if it was 

 another thing, 

There was an immediate transition in the actions of each one present at the coffee table( it was a shell shock ). Kingsha sprayed the coffee beautifully, while Aditya turned into a statue, hardly breathing. Everyone was unsure of what they’ve just heard. 

The only creature who seemed undisturbed was she. She stared blankly at the coffee table as before.

“Anwesha??” he called again.

And then it dawned on her that it definitely wasn’t another fling of her wild imagination. She wasn’t dreaming, not even a little bit, not at all. And all she wanted was to answer with an assertion immediately, in fear that reality might be too short to last.

But sadly her impulses didn’t allow her that, for she felt like smiling, laughing, jumping, thanking, singing all at the very same time. The result? She chocked hard, and thus a few more instances were gone from this beautiful moment in her recovery. At last she finally managed a mumbled.

“ye-ess”.

She couldn’t have been happier!

“oh, that’s fine, lets leave now, we can return before its dark”

Neal said as he rose to leave the table. His tone as easy and charming as always, his face just as cute.

And thus they left, leaving behind an awestruck, dumbfounded group of people who couldn’t voice a single word till the goose bumps subsided..

(Select Page below to read next)

