Love Story: Whatever Happens, happens for Good…

Love Story: Whatever Happens, happens for Good...

“Well played K.P.” Om said hugging me, on the GMDC ground as I finished the match with a nice boundary over mid off.

“Thanks Om, you also did good job with the ball today but fielding was not at par today beta.” I reverted back to him rubbing the sweat on my forehead with my t-shirt sleeve.

It was the routine of me & my son to play a cricket match on the GMDC Ground located in the university area of the city every Sunday. Om was more of a friend to me than a son. He used to call me by my initials, K.P. that is Krishiv Parghi. We both used to enjoy the game very much, the only difference was he was enjoying it at 17 & I was at 42 but the enthusiasm

 was the same on both the sides.

“Hey dad wanna have a cup of tea or I’ll have it with mumma?” He asked like a smiling assassin.

“Currently I’ll have one with you and later on another one with your mumma too, so no complaint on either side.” I replied checking my Blackberry for updates, if any.

“So, Om hows your studies going along, beta?” I asked sipping hot tea at the Rituraj , one of the famous tea stall in the city situated nearby University bus stand.

“Studies…!! Chalte chalte chal rahi hai dad…!!” He carelessly said holding cup of tea in one hand & dish of maskabun in another one.

“Look Om all this cricket & music is good for hobby dear but studies is must. You need to be more sincere towards your studies now.” All of sudden I was converted into his dad from a friend.

“Yehhh Dad I know that, in your days you must have been very sincere student na. I believe you must have been being a Chartered Accountant today.” He very innocently said.

Remember when someone asks you the question you don’t wanna answer, you gets confused. I didn’t wanted to lie to him that I was a sincere student as sincerity and I were two opposites in my student life and also can’t say the truth coz he will take it otherwise as he considers me as his role model.

“C’mon Om finish tea & maskabun fast, mumma must be waiting for us.” I said very sincerely to change the topic of sincerity.

“Okey sir, your commands will be obeyed.” He said in very artificial manner.

While going back to home, Om was looking with some questions lying in his eyes.

“Yes you wanna say something.” I said controlling the steering wheel of the car.

“Who me…???” He woke up from the thoughts.

“Yes it must be you only, except some ghosts exist in our car.”

“Dad, tell me something about your student life na..!!” He said.

“Not now beta, Mumma must be waiting na.” I tried to avoid him.

“Please dad, I know it was interesting the way you avoided my question at the tea stall today I can bet it was.” I was impressed by his observation.

“It’s a long story beta, mumma must be waiting for us na.” I was trying to defend myself.

“C’mon, dad…please.”

“Okeyyy,,,you won , tell what do you wanna know.” I finally surrendered.

“Everything from the beginning.” He said getting very anxious.

“Beginning..!! Even I don’t exactly remember now where it all begun. Hum to akele chal pade the, log judte gaye carvan banta gaya…” I said and with that I dragged my mind back to the chairs of the R.S.Patel Reading Room, our headquarter.

 There were six friends in our gang: Me (i.e. Krishiv), Aroop, Umang, Vidarbh, Najar & Iccha. Each of us was full of life. Actually we filled each other’s life. I met all of them at different levels. First one I met was Umang. When I cleared my P.E.-II examination my whole group was scattered. As a few of them cleared earlier than me and a few later. So I had the task of

 making whole bunch of new friends and made a very good one in Umang on very first day of my C.A. Final classes. In very short span two more members were added to the tally, Aroop & Vidarbh.

When time gets moving, it doesn’t give you the time to move. Just in the blink of an eye one year passed and we were yet to read even index of our books so, we decided to join library so as to study. The place was R.S. Patel Reading Room, library set up by a trust at the Stadium area. It was different that rates of library looked like it was run by a private limited

 company rather than a trust. At the time of joining we never knew, it’s the place which will become the headquarters of our gang.

“Hey Aroop, wanna go for tea.” I stared the murmuring in the reading room.

“No, be kya chay abhi to baithe hai…” He replied.

“shhhh…. Shhh….. shhh….!!” With that I heard two three studious guys felt humiliated by our small conversation.

“Lets go to lunch room, for the tea.” I got the SMS from Aroop after half an hour.

“Look guys don’t worry about Direct Taxes, I am strong at it. I ill teach you all.” I said taking sip of my cutting.

“Really…!! That’s why we are worried.” Aroop said.

“Oyy color wait wait, but Krish what about Costing, that’s the biggest menace.” Vidarbh said.

“Yes it is coming in my dreams too.” Umang said in his ever sleepy voice.

“Yehhh we can see, you are still in dreams…ab to jag ja sale..!!” Aroop said putting his leg on a chair in front of him.

From the next day our rigorous Direct Taxes studies begun. It was indeed rigorous.

“ Look guys deemed dividend u/s. 2(22)(e) is taxable in the hands of the recipient while on all others company has to pay DDT and it is exempt in the hands of the recipient.” I said flipping pages of our Bhagwad Gita- Direct Taxes by Vinod K. Singhania.

“Hey seems you are a good teacher of Taxation, can I join in guys. I am bit weak at the subject.” I heard a sweet voice and with that I saw a nice girl wearing light pink t-shirt, Blue denim. She had nice curly blonde hair. She was wearing a nice half frame specs over his big brown eyes, which suited her round face.

“Hi, I am Najar, am also doing CA Final, from Navkar Institute.” She formally introduced herself.

“Hey, I am Krishiv, you are welcome but enrollment fees required.” I said taking my specs off.

“How much?”

“A Tea per evening.” I said pushing a chair for her with nice smile on my face.

“That’s it?” She said with charming smile on her face taking the chair.

“Hey, from tomorrow my friend is also joining the library. She is doing CS.” Umang said taking sip of his tea.

“Ok, we don’t have any problem.” Aroop said with his serious comic expression as always.

“Actually we should not have, unless she is coming without the payment of fees.” Vidarbh continued the Aroop fame colors.

“Hey guys, this is Iccha.” Umang introduced his friend to the group at the lunch room next day.

“He is Vidarbh, then Aroop the color, then Krish….that is Krishiv and sitting next to him is Najar.” Umang finished the round of formal introduction.

First look of her was impressive. She was wearing saffron color t-shirt & black jeans. She had very beautiful looking eyes which looked even better behind her frameless specs.

Next few months were very important for us. With each day passing our exams were getting closer and our hopes were fading away for us. Only good thing was with sip of every evening’s tea bonding in between six of us was getting better and better.

“Hey, Vidarbh we all are proud of you yaar, what do you say Color?” I said with my eyes dancing around Aroop. Vidarbh looked at us cluelessly.

“Yehh Krish, absolutely correct. Every evening you go with this water bottle, and satisfy the thirst of so many thirsty people. Its just wow act.” Aroop said pointing at nice red colored water bottle Vidarbh used to carry everyday.

“Both of you are absolutely correct, I have also noticed that.” Iccha added to the embarrassment of the Vidarbh. And there was a silence for a while as everyone got busy observing uneasiness on Vidarbh’s face.

“Good that you guys noticed it. For further updates follow me from tomorrow.” Vidarbh coldly replied after thinking a bit.

Next day I was bit late to reach the library, everybody was at the lunch room having their bed tea.

“Hey, Good morning guys.” I said throwing my bag on the chair in the room.

“Umang is missing guys…” I continued pulling a chair for me.

“Yehhh he is absent today.” Vidarbh said.

“C’mon someone tell him, just two and half months are remaining for exams.” I got bit irritated.

“Arey, his dad’s health is not good today. He had high blood pressure. That’s why he is not gonna come today.” Iccha revealed the fact at the end.

“Okkkey….. Can somebody throw a cup of tea at me?” I said concluding the topic.

“Hey, Its 11.00 already, not intending to go home today.” Iccha asked packing her bag.

“Planning to do a night today, so as to finish this haunting capital budgeting problems.” I said looking at my wrist watch.

“You and night…kya baat hai….!! Great..Good night.” She said.

“Good night.” I said going back to Capital Budgeting issues.

Next morning I woke up listening to constantly ringing cell. Alarm clock near my bed showed 9.30 a.m. I picked my cell, it displayed “Iccha Calling.”

“Why the hell are you not picking up my call..!” She sounded bit uneasy.

“Sorry yar, did the night yesterday at the library so just woke up.” I said scrubbing my green eyes with both the hands.

“Listen now there is a bad news, Umang’s dad passed away today morning, that’s why am calling you. Come fast at his place.” Now I got why she was sounding uneasy.

“What, f**k man…What happened actually?” I felt like land beneath my legs was taken away

“Heart Attack, now don’t keep asking questions; come fast.” She said and disconnected the call.

I took my white kurta from the cup board and hurried to the bathroom. I reached at Umang’s place within 15 minutes. The atmosphere of the place was very heavy from the outset. As I entered the room, first thing I heard was Krishna dhun played at a mild voice from a very old cassette player at one of the corners of the room & first thing I saw was uncle’s body. It was wrapped with white shawl totally covered by pink & yellow flowers on top of it; two cottons were placed at his nasals. A diya was lit near his body. The room was crammed in with lot of relatives and agarbatti smoke. All these reminded me of the day

 about 10 years ago, when same atmosphere was there at my place; when my dad left all us alone.

“Hey Krish, aa gaya tu.” Aroop said putting his hand on my shoulder.

Aroop’s voice snatched me back from those appalling moments of my life. “Haan…Where is Umang?” I said wiping the tear drop about to roll down from my eye corner.

I saw Umang standing at the corner of the room. He was looking totally broken down. I straight away went to him. As soon as I reached him, he crashed. There was so much twinge in his cry; I also couldn’t stop my tears this time around.

“Hey Umang listen..listen you have to carry the strength, you cant afford to be just fragile now.” I said wiping tears of his face.

“Look now you are the one who has to take care of aunty & Kirati. You ill have to be the pole of strength for them, right na..??” I said pointing towards aunty & his younger sister.

“But Krish, I am not that much strong….” He didn’t even finish his sentence and started crying again.

“You never know how strong you are, until being strong is the only choice you have. I have been through all these 10 years back.” I said holding my tears with all the strength.

Funeral took about three and half hours. We all six sat together at Umang’s place after the funeral. There was pindrop silence for quite a time amongst guys which never sat quite.

“Look, exams are also coming, just two and half months to go. I know this is not the time to talk about it but Umang, don’t get yourself so much upset so as to ruin your future.” Iccha broke the silence patting Umang’s back.

“Iccha is right Umang; do think of it we will be coming tomorrow morning.” Vidarbh said as we took leave from Umang’s place.

Every morning we made it our routine to visit Umang’s place before going to library. Umang also joined the library after fifteen days, but he was totally broken down from inner self. A guy, who would never have remained silent, was into total silent zone. There was a time when the lunch room used to be filled in with our jokes & smiles and now every evening tea was sipped with infuriating silence. But as it is said time is the best medicine, it heals even the worst of the wounds. With the days passing, Umang was coming out of this; pressure of the CA Final helped him bit in it. Calendar flipped so fast, we couldn’t even realize and it was 2nd November, the day of our exams. It was accountancy paper. We all reached the L.D.Arts College at the timings. We were pleased to know that we all will be sitting next to each other as per the seating arrangement.

“Hey Krish when is AS-7 not applicable?” Vidarbh asked just before the bell was about to ring.

“AS-7… Let me think….” I was fumbling bit in the tension of exams.

“Arey haan.. If Construction is done on their own by the contractor for selling the property & not on behalf of client, AS-7 is not applicable.” I had a sigh of relief as I remembered it in the end after scratching my hair for about five to six times.

As soon as I gave the answer bell rang, as if it was waiting for me to answer.

“All the best guys, and do keep looking at each other for help!” Umang said taking his seat.

Bell rang once again & supervisor started to distribute the question papers. As soon as papers were received by students, sweat started to drive its way out on forehead even under super fast fans. The paper was damn tuff.

“Hey Krish, I better of joining my dad’s business, CA is not my cup of tea yaar..!!” Aroop said soon after bell rang for one hour signal.

“What the s**t are you talking be color….. Concentrate on paper…” I replied in disgust even without looking at him.

At the evening our faces were like prostitutes, which were not paid. Accountancy paper shattered all our dreams of becoming CA in 1st attempt. It is rightly said, friends are those which come to your help at the worst. Iccha came at the library and take all of us to Rituraj, for a cup of tea.

“I will shoot the guy who set today’s paper, if he comes in front of me right now.” Umang said acting with his first two fingers like shooting some one.

“Abey sale, aaj take ek macchar bhi thik se mara hai….??” Aroop was in his own world and we all broke in the smiles with that comment.

The exam ended in totally contradictory manner in which it started. The last paper, i.e. Indirect Taxes was as easier as Accountancy paper was difficult. We all decided to meet at our favorite place, Manekchowk that night for partying the end of exams.

“Hey Krish, need your help a bit.” Umang said holding a piece of chocolate sandwich in his hand.

“Hmmmmmm….” I said.

“Iccha need help in accounts & Taxation for C.S. I ill manage Accounts..!”

“Means, I am gonna manage the taxations.” I threw bamboozled stare at him

“Hmmmmmm…” He said taking a bite of a sandwich.

As the exams were over, we all got busy in our daily routines & articleships, but still we all decided to meet once in a week for the evening tea. I was visiting the library daily for taxation classes with Iccha.

I woke up 6th time to see the time in mobile; it showed 5:55 A.M. this time. The date was 21st January, day on which results of CA final was to be declared. Finally after fifteen minutes or so, I came out of my bed to terrace; chilly January zephyr was creeping around. The mild sun light was announcing its arrival in while at the horizon & stars were waving good bye for the day. A few birds had come out of their nest, I wondered if they also had their results to be announced today. After enjoying the winter morning for a while I decided to go downstairs to get ready.

“Iccha Calling….!!” My cell screen displayed.

“Hello..!!” I said in very much low volume.

“Wass the result..??” She asked in exhilaration.

“1st Group cleared, negative for 2nd one.” I said kicking the chair in front of me.

“Arey its ok, 50% CA to ban gaya na…!!” She gave the consolation.

“Yehh.. but I expected to become 100%.”

“You ill be next time, c ya in the evening at library.”

It was the pathetic day for our group. I was the only person who managed to clear even the first group out of five of us. Results made us realize what we were doing… CHARTERED ACCOUNTANCY, one of the toughest course for commerce students. Once again we all were back at our second home, R.S.Patel Reading Room. Next day I and Aroop were standing in the balcony area of the library.

“This time around this manager has given admissions to a few nice persons.” Aroop said as both I and he stared at a good looking girl in pink sitting on the first chair.

“Yehhhh.. That girl in pink is really nice; her…….” I stopped seeing Iccha & Najar throwing disgusted looks at us.

“Hi..!” Aroop said greeting both of them.

“You guys are sick…!!” Iccha almost shouted.

“Hann…just came from the doctor’s place..!” Aroop said in his all time favorite mode.

“He said, we ill b normal with in two to three days.” I was also not the one to back up.

“So hows it going between you & Iccha?” Aroop asked as Najar & Iccha left for reading room.

“I have finished the taxation about a week ago, all well..” I replied emptying pouch of RMD Pan masala in my mouth.

“Taxation..?? Oyyyee I am asking about you and her not taxation…!!”

“Didn’t got you..” I was bit surprised now.

“You two look good together.” He said as I got his signal.

“Abe e color… She already has a boy friend. Don’t you know?”

“So what? If goal keeper is standing, cant you hit the goal.” I bet you can’t win against him in color. So, with a big smile on my face I just saluted him with my middle fingure & moved to reading room for some studies.

Once again we all were back in our old days. Reserving seats for each other, hardcore studies and taking a little nap in between, gossips at lunch room with sip of hot cutting, everything was back & back with bang. One day I was early at the library, listening to music on my mobile. After a while Najar came.

“Good morning…!!” I wished her taking earphones out.

“Good morning Krish.. Can I ask you a personal question?” She politely inquired.

“Ask…!!”

“Do you have a girl friend…??” I was surprised hearing this.

“Do you think a girl exists on this planet to tolerate me as a boy friend?” I said with mysterious smile on my face.

“Can’t you be normal sometimes??” She asked with typical cheesy smile on her face

“Life is too short to be normal…!” I replied

“Oyee abnormal creature good morning…..!!” Aroop said entering the lunch room along with Vidarbh. I gave him a high five, tried to do the same with Vidarbh as well but he ignored my raised hand being lost in his thoughts. Meanwhile Umang & Iccha also arrived.

“Hey Vidarbh..!! I have noticed, you are not totally comfortable since last few days, any issue??” Iccha raised a query.

“I was gonna say the same thing, is it something related to that evening charity work..???” I added.

“Sort of..!!” Vidarbh said in his lowest possible volume.

“Either it can be or cant be. What is this sort of?” Aroop said.

“Yes, it is related to that only….happy…??” Vidarbh got bit irritated.

‘Calm down, wass the issue, share it you ill feel better.” Umang said offering him a water bottle.

He took a sip of water along with two three deep breathes to calm down a bit. I thought he wanted to start talking, but didn’t know where to start from.

“Whats her name?” I helped him to start.

“Aakanksha..!!” He said with a bit of sparkle in his eyes.

“It started two and half year ago. We both were together in P.E.-II. She is basically from a Punjabi family, actually a rigid Punjabi family.”

“So, that’s the problem..??” Umang jumped as Vidarbh took a pause.

“No stupid, its just the background, problem starts now…!!”

“Good…!!” I didn’t found any other word to say.

“Her parents are actually searching a groom for her; even a guy came to see her last week…. And she revealed the fact in front of her parents that she likes a non Punjabi guy that is me.”

“How they reacted..??” Najar asked getting bit curious.

“React?? They over reacted; and now they have made her house arrest till she gets married.”

“Hmmm.. so the matter is bit serious.” My mind started to think.

“So right now, you have no contact with her?” Iccha asked.

“Talking to her once in a day via her younger sister, she is not involved in this anti-non Punjabi groom movement of her parents.”

“What about your parents, do they know?” Aroop raised a valid point.

“Yehh, they don’t have any problem.”

“Vidarbh, forget her.” I said and everyone looked at me like I planted a bomb out there.

“F**k you Krish..! Do you even know what hell are you talking?” Vidarbh abused without realizing there were two girls sitting around him.

“I believe you have two ways out and I gave you the easiest.” I started playing mind game.

“Which is the harder one?” Vidarbh asked.

“Bhaga la use….!!” I finally planted the bomb.

“You stole the words from my mouth..!!” Aroop added.

There was a silence. I think everybody got busy to gather their arguments either in favor or against the proposal.

“I think you have seen to many films in last few days..” Iccha started the discussion.

“Iccha, it isn’t about films……”

“Then what, bhaga lo… it not possible in practical krish…!!” Umang said interrupting.

“I also believe we should try and convince her parents rather than this.” Najar also voted against the proposal. So it was three against two, but the vote that mattered the most was pending.

“I think what’s important is what does Vidarbh think, coz that will matter.” Aroop said.

“I believe Krish & Aroop are right, yes guys lets plan out something.” Vidarbh said with controlling about a million thoughts wandering here & there in his mind.

“You guys have just gone crazy, just think about the pros & cons of what you are planning to do.” Iccha said.

“Look Iccha, currently what I know is I love Aakanksha, right now she is house arrest due to me and I have to get her out at any cost.” Vidarbh sounded more confident now.

“Vidarbh don’t take any step in mere passion that’s what Iccha want to say.” Najar said.

“Why three of you are not getting, that’s the best option available currently.” Aroop asked to the opposition.

“Do you guys even know if things go wrong, you all might end up even at jail.” Umang got at his negative best.

“I don’t have any problem in going to jail for a friend.” Aroop was getting filmy now.

“Good, we will come to see you guys over there…!!” Najar said in sarcasm.

“Of course..!! Please don’t forget to bring the coffee, I just love it…!!” I said with artificial smile on my face.

“Maskabun too….!!” Aroop finished the conversation.

After all this, there was a silent cold war within six of us. Two groups were made up one in favor of the escaping proposal & one against. We in favor of proposal also knew it wasn’t an easy task. First task was to convince Vidarbh’s parents for this as their support was inevitable. For our relief Vidarbh did it after some efforts (in fact emotional black mailing). We three created a new plan everyday and threw it to the dustbin of the lunch room.

“C’mon Krish, think out something. Her parents are too fast, she might get married even in next fortnight.” There was a bit of frustration in Vidarbh’s voice.

“She lives at first floor right?” I asked and Vidarbh nodded in affirmity.

“You will not take part in the event at all, You will wait at R.S.Patel until Aroop reaches here with her.” I started to explain the plan to both of them.

“I am basically a trekker by hobby, I have trekking rope & carabineer used for mountaineering using which I will be able to reach her balcony. I ill take her baggage; let her get down first where Aroop will be waiting on his bike to take her away. I ill come with her baggage later on.” I ended.

“Sounds good, but Vidarbh do inform Aakanksha about all the plan, she must be aware of what is going to happen.” Aroop said confirming the plan.

“Yehhh.. ill call her tomorrow morning, hope all goes well..” Vidarbh said looking at heavens.

“Hope so… Hope pe to duniya kayam hai, hum bhi sahi…!!” I said in shire optimism.

Next day was a big one. If anything goes wrong, three of us might end up in jail and even worse than that two lives might get ruined for ever. We were on mute till the night. The watch showed 2:15 A.M as Vidarbh wished us best of luck with a thousand ray of hopes in his eyes. As decided both I and Aroop took out bikes to reach Samarpan Tower, situated on 132ft Ring Road. Aakanksha knew about the plan in advance and she was waiting at the balcony situated on the first floor.

“All well..??” I asked in the almost silent mode to confirm with her.

“So far…!!” intense reply came from her.

I took out my trekking rope and threw it to her balcony. She got it and tied it with the aluminum grill there. Slowly & steadily using all my trekking skills I reached at her balcony. Firstly we went to her room to take the luggage. Where Aakanksha committed a mistake in bewildered state of mind. She dropped one of her baggage on the floor in hurry which made a loud noise on a silent summer night. I felt some movements outside the room.

“You need to go down Aakanksha, seems your parents have awaken.” I said in tension.

“Dammnn… I am so stupid.” She said

“This is not the time to curse yourself, move fast..!” As I took her to balcony, made her slip down using the carabineer where Aroop held her safely. I had a sigh of relief, but it was just fractional as I heard the shouting from a middle aged Punjabi uncle wearing a blue turban.

“Chor…chor…chor..chor…!!” He shouted looking towards me.

“No uncle, please don’t shout, I am not here to steal any thing!” I said defending myself.

“Then why are you here for..!!” He said pointing at Aakanksha’s bags on my shoulders.

I took a pause to think a plan of action; looked at the balcony & the rope tied with it.

“To steal your daughter…..!!” And with those words I ran towards balcony, closed my eyes and slid down. In a blink of an eye, I was downstairs.

For next two days, Vidarbh didn’t come to library. It was the third day after the success of Mission Aakanksha, He came to library.

“Where the hell are you? Even your cell phone is switched off?” Umang asked in total curiosity.

“Let me come first guys, chill everything is perfectly alright.” He said.

“So wass the current status of all your stupidity?” Iccha asked.

“The status of the stupidity is me & Aakanksha are getting engaged 25th of this month.” Vidarbh announced.

“Oo boy you have picked up some speed….!! Congo man…but how?” Now I was getting curious.

“After the success of Operation Aakanksha, her dad called us and said they wanted to talk to us. His love towards her daughter made it easier for him to break the chains of his rigidity.”

“Good, now that everything is fine, ask your father in law to return my rope. I left it at his place only that night.” I said smiling.

“Arey sure, and he said He wants to meet you.” Vidarbh said with a blink of an eye.

“By the way, guys aren’t we supposed to be in a jail right now..!!” Aroop said shooting bullets at the opposition. And all of sudden the atmosphere got bit intense. I found there were six eyes trying to find out some answer.

“I am sorry; I believe we should have been with you.” Najar said in a confessing tone.

“It was your decision not to help him out, at least respect your own decision, don’t feel sorry for what you decided.” I lost my temper.

“But I still believe it wasn’t right.” Iccha was still holding her ego.

“Friendship is not about scrutinizing what is right & what is wrong; its about being with your friend in any situation, Miss Iccha and at that point of time Vidarbh needed us and you were busy auditing what is right and what is not….!!” I was fuming in now.

“Chill…Chill…Chill Guys… Whatever it was, now its all well. So now, no need to fight for the same..!!” Vidarbh came in as an angel of peace.

That evening I was listening to Radio on my mobile, when it rang. “Najar Calling”, it was blinking. I was bit reluctant to receive the call, but in the end I received it.

“Yes Najar…!!” I said

“Don’t you think, you over reacted a bit today.”

“Coz, I expected you to be on this side, while you were at totally opposite.” There was still disgrace in my voice.

“I can just be sorry now…!!”

“Good.”

Nahi samne ye alag baat hai, mere pass hai tu mere pass hai; mere sath hai, a song on radio hit my ears as she hung up the call.

The upcoming days were of much importance for us as exams were coming close and we have wasted enough time on things other than studies. Our concentration shifted towards studies as we reduced time allocation for some other activates. Once again even before we could realise exams arrived and ended. Papers were bit easy this time around.

“I think this time around I might become CA Krishiv Parghi from just Krishiv.” I thought going to sleep after a few restless nights.

 I woke up hearing cycle bell of Harikaka, our dudhwala. I checked my cell phone, it shown 7:30 A.M., 27th July, 2011. It was the result day, I had overslept. I hurried up to get ready to face it once again. It was 8:30 when I got ready, even without looking at cup of tea mom prepared for me, I rushed upstairs to start my PC.

“Iccha Calling” displayed on my cell phone as I almost banged my PC for back stepping at the most important moment in my life.

“Yehh,Iccha..!!” I said picking up the call.

“Wass the result..!!” She asked in hurry

“What result has arrived so early? Dammn my PC is not working today, I ill call you within a minute.” I was about to hang her call.

“Arey wait, Its open here at my PC, tell me your roll no.” She said so as to help me.

“Its…Arey what it was……hann…..Four Zero One Three Two.” I was at the pick of nervousness.

“Keep your fingures crossed.” She said, as she entered my Roll no on ICAI website.

“Congo, CA Krish, you did it.” I felt somebody spilt thousand liters of honey in my ears.

“Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss…..!!” I just managed a scream.

This time’s result was all together a different story for our group compared to last time. I & Umang managed to become CA while Najar, Aroop & Vidarbh managed to clear 1st group. It was really really nice outing for all of us.

Next big thing was now, Placements. As we worked these much hard only for getting good jobs & earning good money. The decision was tough as opportunities & salary both were limited in Ahmedabad but our hopes stood high on ICAI Campus Placements. I reached home for giving good news of the job I got in the evening with a box of Kajukatri. As I reached home, a call from Najar was waiting.

“How were the placements today?” She sounded more excited than me.

“One good & one Bad news.” I said.

“Good one first.”

“Got the job today at ICICI Bank, CTC Rs.9.00 Lacs per annum.” I said in proud voice.

“Great by the way you are Chartered Accountant now yar.” There was so much grace in her voice.

“And the Bad news is they are placing me at Mumbai. I ill have to leave Ahmedabad, family & all you guys.” My voice got bit heavier.

There was silence on the other side of the call.

“Bhul mat jana hame fir..!!” She said after thinking for a while.

“Gone mad or what. I have spent the few of the most memorable moments with you guys.” I got carried away in the emotions a bit.

“Dad mumma is calling.” Om said handing over the cell phone to me.

“Yes jaan..!!” I said

“I didn’t knew both of you went to play a test match today.” She said.

“No it’s not like that, ill tell you once I reach home, ill be there in five minutes.”

“Make it fast; it’s already 2:30.”

I reached the home within seven minutes or so. While ringing door bell, all of sudden my eyes drove my attention to the name plate, “KRISHIV & NAJAR PARGHI”. Don’t know why but felt very good reading it today.

“So Mr. Late Latif, wass the excuse today.” Najar said opening the door.

“Ask your son honey.” I said putting the bat in the corner of the room.

“Mumma, do you know dad is telling me about your Library life today.” Om sounded very much excited.

“What? Krish why all of sudden..!!” She was astonished hearing it.

“He was curios to know about it, so I told him.” I said with both my hands unfolded.

“Good so upto which junction you have reached?” She inquired.

“Upto Dad got posted to Mumbai and all that, can we continued dad?” Om said taking a water bottle from the fridge.

“Haan sure beta.” I said taking my seat on the swing at the leftmost corner of the room. It was the day before the day I had to leave for Mumbai. Everybody decided to give me farewell at our very own & favorite place: MANEKCHOWK. I was feeling very much low and had all the reasons for that. I was leaving the city, my friends, my family; I should say my world in which I leaved for 24 years tomorrow but still I was feeling I am missing something more.

“Hey Thanx for the party, everyone. Hope to see you all at the railway station tomorrow.” I finally spoke with heavy voice dumping the final piece of Gwalior Dosa in my tummy.

“Bbieeeeeeee Aroop, Umang, Vidarbh, Iccha……..good night.” I wished to everybody in plural.

Later that night, around 2.30 a.m. I was standing at the Nehru Bridge. On my right hand side it was Gandhi Bridge & on the left hand side it was Ellise Bridge. No one except them was around to accompany me. I was looking at the calm Sabarmati water with not so calm mind.

“So moving to mumbai tomorrow, finally.!” I was surprised hearing a guy who had very familiar voice but very unfamiliar face wearing white shirt & trousers.

“Do I know you?” I asked

“Probably not, but I Know you very well.” He replied.

“Waved your bye to all your buddies?” He continued after taking a pause.

“Yes.”

“To everybody? “

“I suppose.”

“Try and remember, I think you missed someone there.”

“Whom?” I asked getting bit curious.

“Najar..!!” He said

“I waved to everyone in plural, might be I just forgot to tell her name, wass the issue with that. Why are you so much concerned?” I said getting bit uneasy.

“Yes I am concerned with it. You just didn’t tell her coz somewhere you don’t want to. Ask yourself.” He said in hallucinating voice.

“I don’t want to tell her. Have you gone nuts, I suppose you have.” I said in annoyance.

“Ask yourself, I don’t have answer for that.”

“Sometimes the answers are not meant to be found, you just have to believe.” A thought hit my mind as words of him just echoed deep in my head somewhere.

For a while I took my eyes off him and looked into the deep waters of the river Sabarmati. It looked beautiful in the night with light of the street lights on the bridge was reflected into it. I felt that my thoughts were even deeper than the depth of water I was glaring at.

“No, there is nothing like that. I don’t l………..” I almost shouted looking around but I was surprised to see no one around. The guy faded away.

“Was I talking with myself only or someone was actually there? “ I was not knowing what actually was happening around me.

I was getting bit apprehensive now & bit afraid too, afraid of my own thoughts; didn’t know the reason why. I felt creeping wind from the River Sabarmati whispered something in my ears. And I was shocked about what I heard. I was not ready to believe was that the reason why I was feeling so low? Is it that I am gonna miss the maximum after leaving Ahmedabad?

And the answer came; it was not my city, family or friends at all. It was something I never wanted to accept.

“You Like her, accept it Krish..!!” I told myself. “Tell her, Right now…!!” I continued the self talk.

I took out my cell and dialed her number.

“Its 3.00 in the morning, why are you calling so late..!” my lips got sealed hearing Najar’s sweet voice from the other end.

“Krish..!! Are you there?” She inquired my presence.

“Yehh..!” I could utter only these many words.

“What happened? You sound too low.”

“Nothing, just wanted to thank you for the party. It was nice thanx.” I was going nowhere.

“Areyy pagal hai tu, its very late right now, chal go to bed now… ill c you tomorrow.” She ordered.

“I won’t be able to make tomorrow yar, Mom has organized puja at Hatkeshwar Temple at Khadiya.” I don’t know why I lied to her as puja was already cancelled due to some problems.

“I will catch you directly at the railway station at the night, you are coming na?” I continued after taking a pause.

“Of course I am coming, good night for now.” She said disconnecting the cell.

It’s not always about telling someone you love; not telling might also help sometimes at least to them. I could not sleep the whole night; river sabarmati accompanied me throughout. Next day I went for some shopping as I was in need of a few things to carry with me. I reached the home in afternoon. I decided to have a little nap after having lunch.

“Krish…wake up you…….” I woke up hearing so many shouting. And I was surprised seeing Najar and that too with her hair messing around here & there; eyes turned red seemed she had cried for sometime.

Satakkkkkkk……. And I totally woke up with the hardcore slap from her soft hands on my face.

“Hey …hey what the f**k..” I was totally shocked with that blow.

“Where the hell are you and where the hell is your cell phone. I am calling like anything since last half an hour.” She just busted herself out.

“Look first of all chill, take a sit and tell me what happened.” I gave her a water bottle. Once she had water and took a breather, I asked, “Tell me now.”

“Terrorists have done serial Bomb Blasts at Khadia and other city areas. I thought you were there at Hatkeshwar Temple, as you told me last night. There were two blasts just outside the Hatkeshwar Temple.”

“What, Serial Blasts?” I was surprised hearing this.

“Yes, and I am calling you since last half an hour like a stupid. You don’t even know from which phase I have passed since I heard about these blasts.”

“I can understand……, puja was cancelled due to some problems. I didn’t pick up your call as I was sleeping, sorry yaar.” I apologized.

“Better be. Do you know what would have happened to me, agar tumhe kuch ho jata to. You don’t know how much I love you.” She said all at a go and there was a silence in the room, silence in which I even could hear noise of a fan circulating on the ceiling. I just managed to look at her. She was looking beautiful even in this avatar. Her eyes were filled with tears,

 hair were going no where. I just kept on staring at her for a while. I wanted to tell her that I love you too but seemed that my lips were sealed with fevi quick, I just kept on staring her.

“Am I supposed to say I Love you too.” Finally I told gathering all my strength together.

“No” She said and once again my lips got sealed, but this time it was with another pair of softy softy lips.

“C’mon dad, you even weren’t able to propose a girl, damnnnn…!!” Om’s voice dragged me back from the softy softy lips feeling.

“Girl….!! Beta koi aisi vaisi nahi thi; teri bhi maa thi…!!” I said with a big smile on my face.

“Tum kabhi nahi sudhroge.” Najar said going towards kitchen.

”What you wanna have in dinner tonight.” Najar shouted from the kithchen.

“Dal Dhokli..!!” I and Om screamed together.

Late that night I was laying in the bed in my deep thoughts.

“Still wandering in the past?” Najar asked coming out of the shower soaking her wet hair.

“Yehhh, actually I was thinking, what would have happened if those bomb blasts would not have happened? I don’t think I would ever have been able to tell you how much I loved you.” I vomited all my thoughts at a go.

“Look dear Don’t Look Back, unless it’s a good view.” She said getting bit philosophical.

“Well said dear…that must be the reason why it’s said, Whatever Happens, Happens for good.” I said getting in to the flow of her thoughts.

“Hmmm. Good then, Love You & Good Night for now.” She said switching off the lights of the bedroom

“Love you too….!!” I said diluting in the darkness of the room as somebody in the neighborhood increased the volume of the radio.

“Aa chal ke tujhe me le ke chalu ek aise gagan ke tale, jaha gum bhi na ho, aansu bhi na ho; bus pyar hi pyar pale. Ek aise gagan ke tale.”

__

Kindly give your feedback on the story after reading it, I am eagerly waiting for your feedback. Critics are welcomed.

Thanks.

