[A TALE OF LOVE… Love Short Story]

A TALE OF LOVE… Love Short Story

I entered in his room, jumped on his bed and kicked him on his leg in an unpleasant way.

“What’s up?” I asked him.

He didn’t answer me; he was busy in texting Aditi, our common classmate. I waited for his reply and kicked one more time. Still no movement, then I snatched his mobile from him.

“Give it back Adesh.” Shivam tried to snatch back. He was frustrated by my behaviour, but who cares. He tried, tried and tried to regain his mobile from me but failed and fell in anger on his bed.

In the meanwhile I read the messages. Then I came to know that the rumours of college that our villager (both belonged to a village of Hathras) classmates, Aditi and Shivam are in love with each other.

“From when?” I asked Shivam while giving back his mobile.

“One year.” Shivam was still in anger.

“Saale, you even didn’t tell me?” Now I was warming. But he chilled me soon with his next statement.

“Ya, so that you can announce it on loud speaker.” I didn’t argued him on this point because I have a bad habit, habit of telling secret to my own girlfriend and she has a bad habit of telling to hers friends. So eventually the top secret told to me get revealed as a circular between the friends.

“So, have you proposed?” I changed the topic.

“No.” now his anger was getting lowered. In course of our talks one more message of hers came and Shivam got himself busy in replying her.

“So, what are u waiting for?” he didn’t replied. He was still busy. I continued.

“You know I had 5 girlfriends. I know, you know. So if you want this girl in your life, I can help you. If you want.” I waited for reply then.

“OK, tell me.” now the anxiety was on his face. He was eager to listen and I was eager to tell. I continued with the plan.

“Call her in college, below the stairs and propose her. Sweet and simple.” I finished. Instantly the anxiety of him lost.

“This bulls**t is your idea. You call this master plan.” He started barking on me.

“If you want her then follow it, otherwise keep sending santa-banta jokes to each other.” I started to leave his room.

“OK, I will do.” He said. A smile came on my face and a sense of tension came on his face.

Shivam and Aditi were standing below the stairs and I and my girlfriend and some of her friends were standing above the stairs (as I told you about mine and my girlfriend’s bad habit). We were able to hear them but not see them.

“I……. I love you, Aditi.” Shivam was trembling while saying that. Now he was waiting for one of the most important lines to listen in his whole life. The wait was no longer. The reply came.

“Oh, I am sorry Shivam, but I have a boyfriend.” She said and left.

When we heard the reply our laugh burst out. We were laughing aloud. I came in front of Shivam and repeated the lines of Aditi to make his fun. Shivam smiled foolishly after seeing my girlfriend and left to hostel room.

After classes I reached Shivam’s room to console him and make some more fun. The door was closed from inside. I knocked it for a while then Shivam opened the door and fell on his bed again. He was facing opposite to me. I decided to first console him.

“Don’t feel so bad man, another girl will come to your life. Don’t worry everything will be fine my friend.” I tapped on his back.

“But true love happens only once, Adesh.” He rolled back and faced me. He handed me an empty bottle of poison and said “And mine love was true.”

Those were the Shivam’s last words.

 

-THE END-

 

THANKS A LOT FRIENDS TO FIND SO PRECIOUS TIME FROM YOUR LIFE TO READ MY STORY. I REQUEST FOR FEW MORE SECONDS OF YOUR IN POSTING COMMENTS.

THANK YOU……..

