Friends Story – “It took me years to realize my mistake”

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Why she spilled my beans? why she did that to me”? regretting to myself, and vividly remembering that day when i was baffled at the knowing looks which everyone gave me. Those morbid thoughts are imprinted on my mind. I couldn’t forget the person to whom i had confided the most, lost all my trust and friendship.

5 years back, Sally a new addition in our class, I don’t know what but there was something sticky about her which attracted me towards her. She was the most friendly person i knew. we started as classmates but after a few months we were like best friends. I couldn’t expect such an enormous betrayal from her.

I don’t know what made me tell Sally about my personal life. She exaggerated the matter, added her own spices to it and made it as the most prissy topic in school. It was like someone had stabbed a knife in my back. After she revealed my secret, everyone at school started mocking me, gazing me and giggled form wherever i passed. i was like a pond in which someone had thrown a stone and it had been spilled up. It was the most abashing time i had passed. After there mired situations i left school and shifted to another one because i thought no one had the right to laugh on me. Sally called me many times but i didn’t answer. My heart was broken because the person to whom i confided the most deceive me.

I endeavored hard to remove those scars from my heart. I started a new life, leaving all the bad memories i had, because they made me a nostalgic person. After 5 years my life was same, new friends, but one day i met Anna in the market, she was my classmate from 3rd grade. She told me that after i left school everyone missed me. And to my amazement, she told me a piece of news that she was not Sally who brought my secret to light, she was Mary our school most gabby person and who always wanted to put her nose in others matters. She listened whatever i confided with Sally.

I was all at sea, i felt that the floor had been slipped away beneath my feet. I lamented about Sally. I wished i could have asked sally about this. I wished it had not been happened. I asked Anna about any contact with Sally but when i left school , she shifted her city due to her father’s business.

I wished if time could go back in past and i could overcome my mistakes. From that i got a lesson in life that we should trust our loved ones, because our one trivial mistake can lead us to ruin our lives. I was so embarrassed that it took e years to realize my mistake.

__END__

