Love Short Story – Real Life Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

His name is  Arvind (Name Changed). Little dark complexion and age about 23 years. he used to watch a lot of movies from child hood and everyone like him as he was funny and good. He gets lot of scoldings and beat from teacher and parents but then also he won’t cry he always smiled and thinks everything in a positive way. His grandfather wished to see him as IAS officer and he wished to become IPS officer.

He saw many love stories in movies and he thought he can also love like that. And when he studied in 7th standard he used to watch a girl whom he felt very beautiful. when he reached in 8th standard he told to that girl and she refused him within a minute and said he is not looking good, that time he don’t felt bad because he don’t know the feeling of true love. After one year he saw another girl called Meghna(name changed) and felt love on her. Till 12th standard he loved her but once he told to her but she never said anything. In between she loved someone else and that guy rejected her.

One day on school annual day her dance program was going and he waited from morning to see her and her dance. He was volunteer for that annual day. Program started, then also she didn’t came. Suddenly he saw teachers discussing from there to principal to cancel her group dance program as they are so late. Arvind went to chemistry teacher and told the thing. That time he saw Meghna and friends coming. Principal and other teachers told to them they won’t be allowed to dance as they are late for the show and to call their parents. Arvind saw Meghna crying and he felt very sad and told chemistry teacher to talk with principal. He and chemistry teacher gone to convince principal. He told to principal that this year their last year and not wishing to see anyone crying and their batch member also performing so please don’t cancel the dance.

At last principal agreed. Arvind have a sister like friend in school, she told to meghna that because of Arvind her program will not be cancelled and he convinced principle. She felt happy and saw Arvind slowly a given a small smile :) . Arvind was soo happy and felt something in mind.

After sometime their dance program started. In between some people try to disturb the program but Arvind and teachers made them to stop that. After annual day Arvind and Meghna gone in same school bus. She was talking about the incident with her friends, in between she turn her face and sees Arvind. Arvind smiles to her and he was in a different world now. Her stop came she turn back and smiled to him and said bye to him. On that day night he was in dreamworld.

Days passed he used to near her class and used to see her always and from bus stop also he used to see him and she also responded well. Sadly their Class finished and they finished their exam and he felt sad to leave her. He messaged to her one day but he got reply from her father and he asked to him that you are studying in 10th standard and messaging to 11th standard girl? he didn’t understood anything. After some time he got a message from an unknown number. He saw the message “Don’t Call me in that number, my father came so i won’t be using any number”.

Arvind joined to a college in another state and he still remembered and tried to contact her but she never responded him. In between he saw his childhood friend and she told Meghna is staying next to her house and like that he got all news about where she studying and and her course. He got a news that she loving another person and she got engaged with another person. Arvind broken like hell. He cried sitting in a corner .

After that many days he didn’t talked with many persons and no food also. According to time he slowly forgot the sadness but he never deviated from his aim to achieve a good job. He tried to achieve his goal without thinking anything else and his past and at last with lot of difficult in life he completed his studies and he achieved his aim :)

 

Note : If he behaved like other guys means he will be in depression and he will never achieve his aim in life. So guys heart will be breaking if girls/boys break your heart. Never deviate from your aim guys. Your Parents have hope on you don’t break that.

__END__

