Short Story – The Unfolded Page of My Diary

The smell of her success was ever lasting. All her friends and relatives were proud to say that they know her. Anika reached home with a broad smile raging in success after the press meet. No one expected that a middle-class girl would be able to reach the top position. Her parents and relatives welcomed home with celebration. Every one is proud about her success.

After supper, everyone was asleep at her house. Anika started searching something in her rack.

At last, she found it. The precious thing in the world, her only friend with whom she shared sorrows and morrows of her journey. She started leafing through it.

This day is most unforgettable day of my life. My last hope of getting into a top engineering college shattered. A day that made my Dad and Mom feel ashamed. A day, which made me, pointed of by others.

First day of my college. Every thing was new. We had introduction session. I introduced myself. Though confused every one shared their goals. I was the one who did not show any interest in expressing my goal. I have neither a goal nor a thought of trying for something. The principal showed each block of our college.

My seniors ragged me; I reached home at 6pm.

My first external exam in Engineering. I made a flop. I was unable to concentrate on studies this year. No hope on life

Now the time is 01:30 PM. Results are out and I have seen mine too. 2 backlogs, all are asleep, have to say this in the morning. Give me strength to let the fact out. No hope on life.

Dad’s first word to me after six days,” Did you eat?” He looked at my face and went away to his room. Anika, A shameless daughter to Dad.

Is this called “love at first sight?” I met a guy Sanjay in our college cultural fest. I had a pleasant feeling when I met him. A guitarist and a very handsome guy. We exchanged our numbers but I did not dare to message him.

Happy! I received a message from my love. Leaving exams, I started chatting with him on phone.

Road show and awareness campaign at necklace road. As per our plan, we met each other. After Sanjay’s performance, we went on a drive. I was afraid but Sanjay made me to forget everything. Mom called me thrice and I cut the call every time. I wanted to be with Sanjay. After I reached home Mom asked “Why you did not lift my call?” I gave a staring look and went into my room closing the door rashly.

My first in phone was from Sanjay “Happy Valentines Day love!!” My first proposal in life. I bunked the college and went to Sanjay’s place without anyone noticing me. My second biggest lie to my parents.

I am not placed… :( All my friends are placed. I was not selected as do not have good aggregate and did not clear my backlogs. Dad and Mom shouted at me. I am not bothered about them; who ever may be against me my Sanjay is with me all the time.

I am observing a change in Sanjay’s behavior. He is not at all spending time with me. Dad asked me about my job trials. As usual, I am fed up with his question; I will get a job somehow. I want to leave this house as soon as possible. Unable to tolerate this question-hour.

I am so happy. My job trials are still going on.. Sanjay promised me that he would be with me forever. I loved the way he pacified me. I just need a job now nothing else.

I got a job in Mahindra Satyam. Sanjay kissed me affectionately. Love this day. Parents are also happy.

Bad day in my life. Sanjay came up with a new relationship and dropped me. He told me that he was just friendly with me. He told me to find a relationship with some other person. I do not want to live this life.

Dear Diary! I think I have opened you after five and half months. I want to re-start my life again. I decided to take coaching in TIME, give CAT-2008, and start a company in retail sector. This time my goal is a sure shot. I will open this page in 2012, seeing my self as a founder of it. Good Night!

I gave my CAT well and expecting a good percentile.

Yippee!! I am into IIM-Ahmedabad. Two years and I will reach my goal. Loved this day.

Done with MBA. Working on the capital for establishing my company “Anika enterprises.” One more step to success.

I am what I want to be. I unfolded the day. Beating all miseries, I stood stiff in my life. Made my parents proud. Happiest ever. I am unable to sleep with this success. Historical day of my life February29, 2008 and January 12, 2012. Planning to write a novel on my life cycle till now. Happy !! Uff !! Trying to sleep. Good Night@01.30AM

__O__

