Short Story First Crush – Candy 4

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Candy candy candy.

Like an idiot I made up my own songs about him and sang it all day long. “What’s with that crappy song?” my friends complained “A very old theme song for an anime” I lied. It was the feeling within me which made me more happy than the boy himself. My life was no longer dull. The same huge classroom, the same girls around me, the same creaking fans, the same old boring teachers yet everything was brighter than ever. I started working out, I studied harder now, didn’t fight too much with my parents, replaced any bad thoughts of mine with Sharan. Everything was just….beautiful. 

“Hey, I never noticed” Guddi tugged me one day “That dude is good looking.” she pointed out to Sharan.

“Isn’t he?!” I reacted, rather too much. She gave me sinisterly playful look “You. seem. interested.”

“No!” I defended “Not at all. Geez Guddi. You’re too much.” I know. I was over reacting. I didn’t totally feel alert anyway because Guddi was an absolute moron to catch things. Tell her you found a pot of diamonds lying on a busy road with sufficient expressions and she’d completely believe you. But that was about diamonds and this is about ‘boys’. I had to keep my guard up.

“I noticed it recently too” I scribbled on my book to hide my expressions ” He’s good.”

“Alright” she randomly jumped “I’m a fan of his now.”

“Fan? ‘Wait. WHAT? No!’ I was crying in my head. Guddi is one of the popular girls in my college. She’s super cute (and hence the name Guddi meaning a doll) and if someone were to learn of her pure innocence, I bet, anyone would fall head over heels for her.

“You know, the other guy never comes to the college.” she continued.(Like I observed guys, she checked out good looking guys.)

‘For heavens sake! Stick to that dude!’ I screamed inside as I silently nodded. I thanked the god over a million times for Guddi having a boyfriend. She loved him dearly.

I wonder how and when but we collaborated in stalking now. Both of us noticed any little movement Sharan made. Sometimes I thought I was on an actual battle field looking out for enemy’s little actions. However, to Guddi this was just to pass time, to me it was much much more. I had fun like I never did in my life. Sharan was no innocent fawn. He’d look at Guddi every time she looked at him while he gave me those little glimpses too. There was something about his stare which zoned me out. I’d blank out as if I was pulled somewhere. My heart beat raised during each eye contact, obviously, but this was a reaction I’d give to any person passing by. The zoning out was new to me, however. I didn’t think, didn’t breathe, couldn’t look at anything else. Straight into his eyes like I was looking for something inside them. Feelings are crazy, aren’t they? All those over exaggerations they use in poems and books come down on you like reality when you’re actually trapped in them. Now I knew why feelings were most priced things in the whole world..but who cared about all these now? I was mesmerized and that wasn’t a lie.

Everyday was like this, normal and fun.Not just any fun; The fun of a stupid girl going nuts over a guy for the first time in her life with a friend beside her to share it with. Candy gave me wings. The graph was a straight line…not ascending like the last week, not nothing like the week before either. A plain straight line when I got a worried call from an aunt. “Your grand mom’s in a critical state.” my mom shook her head. I knew what that silent shake meant.

***

(to be continue)

