Teen Love Story – LUCKY ME

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story starts from Monday the day after holiday. Who likes Monday?

 Well, not me. BACK TO SCHOOL…..  I would like my school without Bella

 (the prettiest girl according to my school guys huh!!)………

she is so proud but it’s not my problem so what’s my problem ? “Edward”,the most handsome  guy of my school (according to me along with all the girls of my school). I like Eddy he likes Bella and no one likes me. I think even my parent don’t like me they say so just because they gave birth to such a silly Oops!! Not pretty girl.

 I think I look horrible with my spectacles. Well I am school. Edward and Bella roaming together hand in hand. “Curse you bell” just thought.

 

We couldn’t hear what the chemistry teacher was telling us about acids they were sitting just next to me looking at each other.

 Except us three I think all were conscious about their future.

 “Do you like him ?” asked my best friend Emilie. She was just like me

 “not pretty”.

 “uuh no!!!!!!!!!!!” I replied.

 “Hmm good because I like him”.

 “What you like Edward ?”

 “I didn’t say Edward!!!!!!”

 “Oh !!!!!!     I thought ……………”

 “You thought about him because you were thinking about him”.

 “So…. what is your advice? Forget him….. He is too handsome and rich to be my boyfriend. He worth’s Bella not me. I am not beautiful enough to have him.. bla bla bla “.

 “No!!! Why will I say that? You know you are my best friend and for me you are prettier than Bella”.

 I am sure I would have hugged her if we’re not in the class.

 We spoke nothing about this further. The classes were over the school was over. I was on my way back.

 “So tell him …..”

 “What?”

 “That… you like him. “

 “You think I should do this?”

 “Of course, remember!!!!! You are beautiful for those who are close to you, get closer to him”

 “Haah! How?” I thought when she left for her house.

 

I  followed her advice…

 “Edward I like you”.

 “Really I like you too. Had you ever (his voice changed into Bella’s and his face too) looked into the mirror you never ever think about it. Had anyone told you that you are (her voice turned into Emilie’s and her face too) prettier than Bella”.

Beep!!!  beep!!!

 My alarm clock made me wake on time.

 “Nightmare!!”

 

 

“You are to make a chemistry project, two people in each group the list will be pasted on notice board by the noon” Announced our teacher.

I checked the board I was sure Bella and Edward will be together. Why I always think about them I scolded myself.

 Emilie and David

 Lucy and Jacob

 Bella and Harry

 I checked again.

 “Bella and Harry”

 Yes, I was right. Then who was accompanying Edward.

 Christine and Edward

“Happy?” Emilie asked me.

 Yes he was my companion. I went deaf to hear what my best friend was saying.

 “Oh I forgot to see the topic of the project you wait for me”

 I strode to the board. There was Edward looking on the board.

 “Hey! Christine. We are together to make our project on P block elements. What If I come to your house at 6 PM to discuss about the project?”

 “well…. it would be great. I mean your most welcome.”

 “K then see you in the evening BYE” he strode towards Bella who was talking to Harry most probably about the project.

I told Emilie about my conversation with Edward.

 “Hmm getting closer” …….

friends…. sometimes they exasperate. I entered my home.

 “I am dying of hunger “..

Mom smiled, dad smiled, even my 12 year old brother passed a cute smile to me. Was I dreaming or the earth was

 really changed into Eden.

 “What’s the good news doll?” my father asked me.

 “No….. Nothing…. why?”

 “You are happy as if Brad Pitt asked you for a date” said my bro.

 Brad Pit’s, another guy I like most. Do people read our mind?

 I decided to pretend to be cool further.

 It’s rare when I cook for my family and cooking on Tuesday was the rarest. My dad says no one can beat me in cookies.

 “Why are you hanging around me?” i asked my bro.

 “How much time you will take to prepare the cookie?” asked my bro in reply.

“It will be ready before 6 PM”,

F*** why I said so?

 “That means Brad Pitt will be here at 6.”

 Nightmares are better than younger brother. I told my mother about the project. She gave me “good news” look. It was first time when my “boy” “friend” was coming home mostly they were girls.

I pretended to be calm. The doorbell rang. My brother leapt from his seat and ran down the Hall, me right behind him.

 He opened the door there was Edward with a smile on his face.

 “Hi I am Edward you?”

 “George, nice to meet you we were waiting for you EEEGARLY.” He stressed his voice.

 “Sorry for being late. Hello mr. and mrs. Smith_”

 “Hello Edward nice to meet you”. My dad and mom said in cores.

 2 minute silence, Georgy looked at me then Eddy then me…….. As if we were two sides and he was trying to cross the road. Look to the left then look to the right and again left now cross the road.

 “Let’s go my study room.”

 “Yes, yes it’s there upstairs” said my mom as if I didn’t know it.

He was not only handsome but also intelligent. He was good at chemistry we took an hour to decide from where to collect data ….. books, internet and teacher’s help. We decided to start from Wednesday. Just then my mother entered my room with 2 glass orange juice and cookies which I made for him.

 “Thanks Mrs. Smith I really need something to feed me”. He jumped to the plate.

 I did the same looking at him.

 “Yummy delicious these cookies are awesome”

“I knew, you would like it, her father says no one can beat her in cookie. “

 Mom said looking at me lovingly.

 “Really you did not tell me about your culinary skill. Actually you told me nothing about you” he smiled.

 My mom “you will also like her chocolate cake “.

 “Sure Cristie when is the chocolate party?” he asked

 “Mom we are here to study”

 “Ok, ok m going” she applied a kiss on my forehead before leaving. why parents get senty before our friends?

 He examined my room girlish and childish.

 “You still play with dolls?” he pointed my favorite doll.

 “No! I bought it when I was 10. I went on without candy and chocolate for 6 month to save my pocket money to buy this.” I tried to hide my doll thinking should I tell this to him?

 “Really! Whenever I want anything I just go to the market and buy it. It would be thrill to save money for something you want to buy and finally when you have enough you feel like winning a football match.”

 He is football team captain of my school.

 “I don’t know may be, I m not football player but I think it’s more interesting to have what you want to have”. I said.

 After finishing juice and cookies we went downstairs my brother was stumping his football on ground.

 “Hey buddy do you play football like me “

 “Yes with my friends and Christine told me that you are good in football and you play for school team” he lied.  When I ever told him anything about Eddy?

 “Not only play friend m the captain. Do want some tips?” Eddy corrected him.

 “Great sure”

 “K then tomorrow 4 pm I will take you from home get ready” he said.

 “Mom dad did you hear I will play with high school boys?”

 “Yes you are growing rapidly” dad kissed him.

 Eddy greeted everyone before leaving, how nice he is!

“bella” I asked after he finished his phone talk.

“Yes she keeps me busy all the day.”

 “You love her lot right?” I asked

 “Love!!!!!!!!!! Hummmmmmmm I don’t know”

 “What? But……. She is your girl friend?”

 “Well! You won’t understand.”

 “Make me understand”.

 “Ok! When you are rich and handsome young man girls keep on trying on you. I choose her because our parents are partners and good friends and people think we make a good couple”.

 Why someone will choose a girlfriend just because people like them together.

 “Do you have a boyfriend? “

 “Not yet”

 “Lucky”

One day he offered me to visit his house for studies. Mrs. Colline (his mother) was ready to go for a business party.

 Eddy introduced me to her. She looked me from head to toe as if trying to calculate total cost of my dress, shoes and bag. I am sure her footwear was more costly than all I had.

 “Hello Cristine nice to meet you”. She smiled

 “Same here Mrs. Colline”. I smiled back.

 We went to his study room which was bigger than my bed room. It was a library. Lots of books there.

 “I like books”. He said

 “Really! Me too”.

 He told me some football match events. I enjoyed and we together made a chocolate cake. It was the best day of my life (till now). And he talked me about everything except Bella.

 Emilie was a very good audience she gasped in all the right places.

 I told her everything.

 Finally the day of project submission arrived.  Last day of our meetings. Tomorrow he will be with Bella all the time.

 Next day I was not interested to go to school. When I reached there as usual Bella and eddy were together. Hi, Cristine he greeted me and I greeted him back.

 

“Hi Cristine though our project is done but we are still good friends isn’t it”. Eddy was there looking at me.

 “Yes sure”.

 “May I join you?”

 “Why not? “  Emillie replied.

 After little time He stared his not ending football match commentaries.

 “Edward what are you doing here?  Come on lets go”. It was Bella she is always with him.

“Bella leave let me spend my time with some other friends”.

“Really that dumb is now your friend? You even didn’t receive my calls when you were with her. Are you refusing me for her? Are you in sense?”

“Yes, I know what should I do what should I not. I want to spend some time with her. I am free to choose friends of mine”.

“Have you ever seen her she has no dress sense? She is so weird and an old lady type silly girl. It was the project which kept you together now you don’t need to be with her, she is not fit for you”. She did not care to keep her voice low.

“Really if you think so, I like her dress, I like talking to her, I like her simplicity, I like her the way she is and she is my best friend.  I would like to tell you one more thing that according to me she is prettier than you”.

 Bella frowned and stride out.

 I was shocked I recalled Emillies words “You are beautiful for those who are close to you”.

 I don’t know whether I was his girlfriend (my wish) or friend (Bella or other students won’t accept me as his girl friend) or his best friend (as he said), but I am enjoying the moments. Lucky me.

__END__

written by komal tandon

