OLIVER SPEAKS – Children Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today May 11

 2008,

I and my parents as usual jogged to the park about a kilometer away from our house at 5:00 pm. There we exercised for about 30 minutes. Then when we were resting we saw a person, whom we did not see till now in the park or the neighborhood. He was performing mime with a board aside him and the board said “no money even to eat food”.

This is not a hobby but this is the way the English people begged. They know that people come to jog and walk here and this is the perfect place for them to collect some money. I was impressed by his performance and I also felt pity for his poverty, so I gave him 50 cents to him from my pocket money. We saw different people there. Most of them were bluff masters we saw them every day. Their tricks were familiar to us so we did not fall in their traps but they collected money which is enough to live. I thought when will these fools will understand the tricks of the bluffers. One bluffer kept under his table in which he kept his money,   and he acted like he was singing and many fools believed this. We walked back to our house at 6:30 pm. When we, were having our food we discussed about the new mime person. My father did not, allowed that he was not bluffing but I argued with him that it is mime and mime cannot be bluffed.

Today May 12

 2008,

This morning, while we was having our breakfast my father said that only a bluffer will keep a board like that we saw yesterday. This evening we went to the park as usual. Today we did not see any mime person here but we saw another talented man dancing with the same board that we saw yesterday aside him. When we went closer we understood that it was the same person whom we saw yesterday. Now my father understood he was not bluffing. We both gave 50 cents each and my mother did not give any because she does not carry any money while exercising.

Now I am writing about the unusual thing we saw yesterday and today.

Oh! I wonder, why is, so talented people like this man is not given any importance?

Guys, there are many people like this around us who are getting ignored. We are the people who should make them important.

WATCH OUT FOR AMAZING PEOPLE LIKE THIS!!

 

