Short Story for Children – Flora the fairy

Photo credit: 

 from 

Going back to our past for some about 5,000,000 Years. There were three worlds where life existed namely – Earth (Human’s Habitat), Monselldom (Alternate for Human’s habitat) and Fairyland (Fairies’ habitat). In Fairyland there were many types of fairies, like, Water Fairies, Animal Fairies, Sun Fairies, Plant Fairies etc. The duties of all fairies were to show humans the right path. And in Earth there was only humankind simple and peaceful humankind. Whereas, In Monselldom, both good and bad humans were living.

Once a bad human named Shady get born there. Later Shady became the greatest monster and also the king of Monselldom. He filled the whole Monselldom with badness that even fairies were unable to make it alright. Once, a GREAT problem took place on earth as it was the fairies’ duty to protect earth so all the fairies were so much depressed. Among all only one fairy was not upset because she knew it that everything will be alright she was the most beautiful and intelligent fairy of the Fairyland and she was loved by all. Her name was Flora. But still Flora thought of a plan to help the humans fighting this great problem.

But it was kind of an impossible thing as the problem was the well known monster Shady himself. He was the greatest enemy/rival of the fairyland and he was also the king of the Monselldom. But whatever the problem was for Flora, it never matters whenever anyone thinks bad about the earth or the fairyland she just screw him/her. So she thought of an incredible plan of killing the monster in such a manner that no one can even thought of in a dream. She decided to get to the Monselldom and become the personal assistant of Shady But it was not an easy job to be carried but she didn’t tell anyone about it she didn’t even told her best friend the Sun Fairy. So she decided to carry on this job at her own. But there also lived a lover of her who was always updated by every single work and plans of Flora. His name was ZENITH.

Zenith was the son of the KING of the Fairyland. One day the badness of Shady increased to its best level, even he tried to infect Fairyland and arrived there to spread his terror among the fairies. He firstly attacked the patient plants of the plant fairy. He didn’t just attacked he killed all the plants and the plant fairy. Similarly, he killed all the fairies and even the King of Fairyland excepting the Queen of fairies (Miley), Flora and Zenith. Zenith and Miley were left at that time as they both were on their trip to earth. Flora survived by using her intelligence.

When Shady came to kill her, she just laid down on the land holding her breathe and so Shady got his way changed and he left her laid down.

Watching all this terror of Shady, Zenith was shocked when he got back. And There, In the Monselldom, Shady was thinking that his biggest enemy Flora is dead. Being dead in eyes of Shady was a great advantage for Flora to carry on the plan she made before. So she decided that telling Miley and Zenith about the plan would be a great idea so that she could also seek help at the failure of the plan. Then, she gets to the palace to meet Zenith and she told him the whole plan. Zenith was amazed by her intelligence but he didn’t allow her to do that as it was really a big risk. And as he was her lover so he cared for her a lot. But somehow Flora managed to get his permission along with the Miley’s permission. And finally after some preparations Flora was ready to head up to Monselldom.

When Flora was about to go Miley advised her to change her look and appearance to fool Shady’s eyes and to not get recognized easily. Being the queen of fairyland, Miley was able to change anyone’s appearance through magic. So Flora asked Miley to change her looks so that Shady can’t recognize her. Miley accepted her request and changed her appearance. Even in her new appearance of a beggar Zenith’s love for Flora was not reduced in spite of hating her he was feeling proud. Then finally, Flora went to the Monselldom. Getting there Flora started begging food in Monselldom.

Once begging for food, Flora caught Shady’s eye. She was beating a monster of Monselldom for not giving her food. Shady got angry for a second but after that he was shocked that how is this possible for a young girl to beat any monster like this and he got curious to meet her (Flora was beating him because she knew it that Shady is watching.). He ordered his servants to bring Flora her Palace. Flora was brought to her palace and reaching there she met Shady. Shady simply asked her, why are you so bad at this young age? Flora replied her that her parents were died because of that monster when she was just 2 years old. And so she killed him to get revenge. Listening this, Shady was so much happy seeing badness in such a little girl.

Just then a woman arrived there seeking justice. Flora was sided for a few minutes. Shady refused to listen to her and without listening just told her that Yes, I am bad and there is nothing called justice in my Monselldom. Listening this, the woman got mad and she advised Shady to stop this badness she even cursed her that within 1 month he will die of his badness. Listening this, Shady’s face got red in anger. Flora was watching all of this and she quickly reacted on this she killed that woman as quick as she could (She didn’t actually killed her she just passed pixydust in her ear by which she got slept for 1 month.). But in the eyes of Shady the woman was dead and Flora was the killer so he got very much happy and made Flora her personal assistant.

After spending a lot of time with Shady, Flora got his trust and she got to know many secrets of Shady along with the secret of killing Shady. Getting this information she immediately tried to tell it to Zenith or Miley. But she didn’t get chance to do so and she decided to kill Shady on her own. Shady could only be killed by eating the fruit that comes on the pixydust plant. And here, In fairyland, Zenith and Miley were getting worried about Flora and so they decided to visit Monselldom. So they both changed their appearance and went Monselldom. They also got chance to meet Flora here. Meeting them, Flora got so much happy and she told them about the secret of killing Shady.

Then Zenith got the pixydust’s fruit and gave it to Miley to change its appearance. Miley changed its look and Flora took the job of feeding it to Shady. Then after planning a clever strategy Flora succeeded in feeding Shady with that fruit and finally Shady died. After Shady’s death every creature which was killed by Shady got its life back. The words of that woman were true Shady died within 1 month. And that woman also got alright. Monselldom was settled as good as earth by fairies’ now and there was nothing named badness in the whole universe. After a few years Miley died of illness and Flora and Zenith became the Queen and King of the Fairyland and they lived happily.

 -AAZAR

__END__

