Funny Short Story – The Wrong Crash

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Will you keep the packet back” – the young lady almost screamed.

The little girl got a bit frightened but was in no mood to give up. The taste of the chocolate had grown manifolds and parting with the packet did not seem to be a bright idea for the little girl. The next moment the cell phone rang and the lady answered the call.

“Mummy I am all fine” – she answered in a chirpy tone.

Both of them had a lot to discuss and soon the lady was engrossed. The bedroom where the lady and the girl were sitting in was a spacious and well-decked and well-ventilated room with balcony on the other side. The girl was quiet for few moments and did not touch the packet of chocolate but her eyes were glued to it. A thin layer of saliva was dripping out of her mouth which still had the taste of delicious chocolate bites.

The conversation was getting more animated as the mother was narrating some interesting instance and the lady went to the balcony. The facial expressions of the lady were changing continually and her entire focus was now on the call and the talk. The little girl gave sideways glance and her hands went automatically to the packet of chocolate and grabbed it.

A tiny smile on her face and a tinge of sense of success in her heart seemed quite vivid. She quickly unfolded the wrapper and put two three pieces in her mouth at once. She looked in the direction where the mother was standing but she was looking in a different direction. The girl chuckled and started munching chocolate mouthful to have more. Though, it was a smart move of the girl, but mother was ever-vigilant. She had seen the act of the girl and decided to impart an unforgettable lesson to her. She would have either scolded or beaten her up but her own mother was ever-averse towards the idea of treating children in a harsh way and the little girl was her blue-eyed granddaughter.

The lady swallowed her anger and went inside the room quietly amidst talking over the phone and picked up the packet at once in her left hand before the girl could even understand. They both looked at each other but to the girl’s surprise, mother was smiling looking into her eyes. She might probably give the packet of chocolate back- the innocent mind thought. But the scheme of things was quite different in the mother’s mind.

She was seething with anger deep down but did not let the smile disappear for a moment. She put the packet of chocolate on one ear and the cell phone was already on the right ear. She again looked into the direction of the girl who was looking at her with a semblance of hope that her mother may let her eat the remaining chocolate. The mother changed the items in both the hands in a fraction of a second. The girl who was quite happy with the notion of getting the packet back became visibly confused. The mother was swinging her hands and suddenly a small sound of thud came.

Seemingly the mother had thrown away the packet of chocolate and she wanted to share the technique of smiling-but-not let you go with her mother when she realized she was holding something greasy.

Actually, she was holding the packet of chocolate which had started melting away. In her zeal to teach a lesson in a hard way she had thrown away the cell phone instead the packet of chocolate and realizing this she ran towards the door to reach downstairs with the speed of light. Now it was turn of the girl to smile with a true reason behind it and she was holding………… You know what. :-)

__END__

