Kids Bedtime Story – ALL THAT MATTERS IS ATTITUDE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sujay is grandma’s little boy.He studies in 4th std and is good in studies.He always listens to grandma’s stories carefully.Once grandma said to him,”If a black cat crosses your way then it is a very inauspicious sign and the day would be really unlucky for you.

It was a bright sunny day and as usual sujay was on his way to school.A black cat crossed his way and sujay saw it.He became really worried.He thought of it as a bad omen and wanted to go back to his home.But his parents would never understand his predicament and would scold him.So he decided to go to school.

On his way he was constantly thinking about how his day could be unlucky.The scholarship results were scheduled to be published in the evening.He became tensed about the results.His hopes were high but today was going to be an unlucky day and it made him really pessimistic.As he was thinking all this he forgot to check both sides of the road before crossing.A car was pacing towards him.The driver of the car saw Sujay and applied sudden breaks. Sujay escaped from the accident but that incident terrified him.

Sujay reached school.It was a maths lecture. Sujay was still thinking about his misfortunes and was not paying attention.Teacher called him and asked a question on what was taught.He couldn’t answer.He was made to stand outside for the rest of the lecture.’This day is terrible and my scholarship result will come in the evening.I will definitely fail’ he thought.

An elocution competition was conducted on that day.Sujay is excellent in giving speeches.But his confidence was low that day.His hands were shivering as he proceeded to the stage to give his speech.He was facing all his friends.His legs quivered and he could not utter a single word.All the possible bad things were happening.

He reached home after a terrible day at school.But the day was not over yet. Sujay was really tensed about the result and did not want to check it that day.But his father received a call from his maths teacher.she said that sujay had won the scholarship and has topped the rank list in the state.The moment sujay heard the news his face blossomed like a jasmine flower.There was happiness everywhere. His parents were proud and he received wishes from his relatives.He was jubilant and finally said to himself that this is the best day of his life.

He realised a truth about human nature that day.His day was terrible before because he was depressed and pessimistic.You are the architect of your own life.You are the decider of your fate and not some black cat.Stay positive and be happy.

__END__

