Kids Short Story with Moral – God’s Secret!

God’s Secret! – Kids Short Story with Moral

Photo credit: 

 from 

The Gods were enjoying themselves in a Cloud Seven Party , when they heard the bell of the heaven gates ring . The gates were opened by the Apsaras ,

” Who are you? “,

They asked the young boy in chorus ,they looked surprised as they had the Gods schedules with them and none of them mentioned about a visitor at this time.

The boy was too aghast to say a word .

” He must have lost his way ” said one Apsara to the other, let us quickly take him in the Courts of the Angels , if the Demons see him they will take the little soul away.

The boy stood stupified in the Courts . He had never seen anything as splendid as the Golden Halls he was in , the ponds of lotus lay in the centre and the golden rays of the sun shone such that the water reflected on the gold ornamented columns , the clouds were like soft carpets and the fragrance was so sweet that it reminded him of the moghra flowers in his backyard.

” What is the matter , my boy?”, asked the Angel of Trinity.

The boy looked at the Angel with doe eyes , ” I prayed to you everyday and yet you have been so cruel to me “, he complained showing red hand print marks on his back,” I brought you sweet smelling flowers from my backyard and you let them do this to me ?”

The Angel frowned and called for one of the Apsaras , she appeared with a black covered book , the angel read it for a minute and then looked at the pale boy .

“My son ” he said ” you  stole money “, the boy looked down at his feet, embarrassed .

” I needed money for the Mela “,

” You stole from your neighbours house ,that money was the poor girl’s school fees ,you  would have had it if you had worked in your fields and had helped your mother sell the crops in the market. ” his cheeks flushed red.

” Working in the fields is too tiring , the sun is too harsh , the plough is too heavy and my feet hurt ”

” You have to work hard my son , even Gods have to work hard “.

The boy looked amazed , ” you sit here on the swings of this beautiful heaven and say that you work hard “.

” Why is my village not as beautiful as your heaven ?”

The angel laughed  ” let me show you something ”

He took the boy to the edge of the cloud and pointed towards the Earth .

” That  is the Earth ,where you live” the angel said

” It is stunning but I can not see my village ”

The angel took him closer to the Earth  and showed him his village.

” It looks so beautiful from here”.

” Son , we worked hard to create this universe , we created the earth and the people who live on it , everything was perfect , the world was more alluring than the heavens but then …he sighed,

“The demons made a place for themselves as well “, Lord Krishna spoke as he entered the courts.” We designed the heart in the human being so that he would believe in goodness but the Demons slowly made place in their minds “.

” My heart and mind are always fighting “, quipped the boy,

” Yes my son , whenever the heart conquers the mind ,the human has always been happy or else there is only remorse and agony , just like in your case” Lord Krishna added ” When you stole the money your  heart knew it was a wrong doing but you did not listen and let  the Demon rule over you”.

” I did the wrong , you can punish me my Lord ” said the boy in repentance .

” I cannot punish you my boy ,before departing I will share a secret with you “.

” Gods have secrets too?” asked the bewildered boy ,

” Yes indeed ” smiled the Angel .He took the boy to the Cloud Seven where the Gods were discussing Earth matters over tea.The Gods were divided into groups and were seated on different tables , some Gods looked happy while most of them looked frail and worried.

“My son , look at them carefully , they are the supreme powers that you humans pray too , you are their children ,how can I punish you?”

” The pleased Gods you see there , “he said pointing to the front tables ” Are celebrating their joy for their children chose the right path and have responsibly brought a positive difference on Earth”.

” Then why do most of the other Gods look sad?” questioned the boy ,

” Because their children chose to be with the Demons , they chose greed , anger and hatred over love , compassion and honesty”.

” I know understand how my action has caused grief to you , I am so sorry , I am sorry , I am very sorry ……” saying this the little boy shut his eyes tight.

When he awoke he found himself lying in his cot ” Must have been a dream ” he said to himself . A dream it may have been but it changed the boy for real.

__END__

