Moral Short Story for Children – SMILING TEARS

SMILING TEARS – Short Story with Moral for Kids

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sizzling clouds and wind at all its loudness. Trees appearing as they are bowing their head for someone… The moon seems to be almost disappearing in that stormy black night..!!

Fear at all its peak and a silent intuitions of a thunder…

A shed of a hut…and the roof almost vanished. . .

The world of poverty and the willingness to face it…..

When we are in trouble we can bear anything…and somehow we find a way to come out of it…..But what if,, the whole life becomes a challenge??

What if we don’t have the everyday comfort ….our roof??…our food??….shelter..??…

Stop….Stop….Stop….!!!!!

The day down with sweat of their work and the evening in search of food…and sometimes a sleepless night with an empty stomach???

A child facing all this alone in a shed…..his eyes full of tears and an expectation that God will help him in some way…. innocence on his face and a fear of the conditions he was facing…..

What if i would not reach home today??

What if my mom do not find me and my dad searching me all around??

and if all the sticks I collected to cook our dinner get wet??

No no nooooooo…….i wont go home back till it stop raining…I’ll face it any how and will reach my home…or else my family wont be able to have their dinner today….ohh God please stop pouring this rain for sometime so that i can easily get back to my family……but God didn’t listened….. :( :(

He started crying loudly….And there was a feeling of maturity in his tears….

Soon he heard a voice of his name…he turned back . . . . And his tears changed into smile….. Thank God My Dad is here….and now we will be able to have our meal properly……

No matter what circumstances you face in your life…Their are two hands,,ever ready to help you..Even they can suffer whole night sometimes just to give you comfort… hats-off to two lovely creations of GOD….

MA & PA…..

And they walked slowly to their hut…mom hugged him…and kissed him for lot many times…Rubbed him with a cloth. . . & The boy changed his dirty dress….

His mom cooked a lovely dinner…with all the sticks he collected…and with the stuff his father was able to earn that day………And that’s how all his tears changed into a SMILE :):):) ………………

~NOOPUR~

You can find the same stuff at my personal blog

https://apparitionofmine.blogspot.in/2012/03/milling-tear.html

