Short Story for Children – Master Two Tails and the 7 Nation Sorcerers

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mi Yung Wan, stood at the top of the marble tower, his marble tower, overlooking the seven nations of his empire. The uprising had started at first light, the Sorcerers of the seven nations positioned at the gates into the inner kingdom. The spell Mi Yung Wan cast to protect the fortress won’t hold forever but it doesn’t have to, as long as it holds long enough to get his loyal followers out and to safety.

The sorcerers of the seven nations combine their spells around the perimeter of the kingdom, concentrating their full force through arched gateways into the kingdom and the first evidence the protection it is starting to break down was the bowing of the wooden fortifications.

From the parapet at the top of his tower, Mi Yung Wan, held his arms in the air and casting reinforcement spells when they are required, he was watching the horizon beyond the outer circle of his revolting nations waiting for the sign. Casually surveying the inner circle in all directions, he moved a simple finger and the weak points held a little while longer. The Seven Sorcerers changing their tact at this, to concentrate combined power to weaker points.

Mi Yung Wan saw, beyond the lakes and the forests that marked his empire and the charm was cast and the brightly coloured dragon flew into the sky and exploded into a festival of fire. He dropped his hands to his sides and calmly walked into the centre of the tower top, he stood dead centre inside the powerful markings that were built long ago by the very same sorcerers now trying to gain entrance and to kill him.

With just a few words and a great deal of concentration Mi Yung Wan invoked a transformation spell that had been written in the markings all around him and when he completed the invocation the top of his tower exploded, not a destructive explosion this was magical, the protective spell disappeared and the seven entrances into the inner kingdom opened. Sharp shards of the marble showered down on the seven sorcerers who used their magic to protect themselves and those on the front lines seven nation armies waiting behind took the full force or the projectiles killing and maiming whatever they hit.

The thunderous stampede of the remaining thousands from each nation filled the air from all around and as quickly as they started they stopped when from the top of the tower reigned fire. The emergence of the dragon at the top, Master Two Tails reborn out of folklore, made everyone simultaneously take steps back in retreat until the sorcerers again combined there individual power and cast a spell up to the tower top. A shimmering water like globe, formed around the tower top and the dragon, the flames were held within the spell and Master two Tail was imprisoned in it’s grasp.

Down on the ground the armies advanced further into the kingdom towards the palace at the bottom of the tower, these troops, the expendable ones, were the first to die when from above the sound of marble breaking and more sharp shards fell like rain as Master Two Tails broke through the spell and wrapping both tails around the outside of the tower started to run in circles around the outside attacking in all directions and downwards towards the onslaught. Fire engulfed and killed those who are spared from the marble spears and the thunderous noise as the dragons talons landed on the ground for the first time in thirty thousand years.

Where his fire couldn’t reach the circle formed where the armies and the sorcerers awaited the moment they could attack again. But Master Two tails had other ideas, standing upright on his rear legs and with wind from the flapping of his wings and the fire from his mouth he cast the most destructive spell he could. He summoned all his energy and cast a spell seven times and hit each one of the seven nation sorcerers in the chest which caused each one of those sorcerers to cast a spell against the surrounding areas, with everything that Master Two Tails had combined with the abilities the seven sorcerers have he moved worlds. A circle of magic flowed from point to point and back into the centre, the magic heptigram joined him to each one of the sorcerers and each of them also connected to each other.

The grounds moved, earth and fire engulfed everything and the mountains joined, the land rose and where the armies where stood there was the fire from the earth, the magma burnt everything and filled all spaces, the rocks and stones melted and the formation of the volcano that would fire out until Master Two Tails, The seven sorcerers and the Seven Nation Army became hell hounds.

The fires burnt for one thousand years and when they stopped a truly unusual mountain had formed, over the next one thousand years the trees grew and the earth water found it’s way out creating beautiful water falls and a fitting tomb to the emperor who was set upon by his own people because he was unable to protect his one true love when she was killed by one of his own servant.

The one thing Master Two Tails had managed to do during all of his torment and torture was transform the body of his love into a lotus flower and when all of the magma was flowing around it was this flower that cradled him and kept him safe until the waters and the earth brought it to the surface over many years and it remains undisturbed in an oasis plateau, that was created by Mi Yung Wan’s faithful followers, the descendants of the people he ruled, the ones he allowed to get away in the underground tunnels and held the armies at bay until he knew they were safe. A hand cut escarpment on the southerly face right at the top and it is completely covered by the canopy of the trees, to be left undisturbed and the resting place of Mi Yung Wan and the one true love of his life for all eternity.

__END__

