Short Story for Kids – Little Teachers !!

Little Teachers !! - Short Story for Kids

 The picturesque landscape with manicured gardens and well equipped playground is indeed the Architectural Feast for the by-passers and speaks volume for the owner’s pride.

The chirping of birds and cold breeze blowing from the beautiful gardens, which houses the best variety of probably all sorts of trees and shrubs represents perfect blend of 

The Mangoes Trees, Palm trees ,Coconut Trees, Banyan Trees and Litchi Trees have nests of many wonderful birds like– Maina , Pigeons, Owls, sparrows and even Squirrels and to feel nature’s beauty at the vicinity of the society itself….Society has a small man- made lake also which houses varieties of  fishes and residents can paddle boat & engage in fishing also….the three floor building next to the Garden is meant for the residents Welfare Activities with well-equipped gym,  swimming pool, library, yoga room & a banquette hall. Beautifully manicured Roses & Orchids Gardens is co-joined with a pod shaped  lotus and water lily plants pond area, with an array of wooden and cemented benches to sit and admire the nature’s blessings . The senior residents have been the regular visitors to these parks sideways benches which have now turned into their 

 for regular chi-chat. Kids can be seen swarming in the swimming pool and Playground with nannies, grannies & mothers.

 The days starts off with running around to complete daily chores and finishes off with the quietness prevailing in the house after kid(s) are asleep and weekends for these Sunny-Dale families mostly includes shopping, Rationing, eating out, movies, meeting friends and less time is there to stop and ponders for a second about the 

……in disguise of busy routine and robotic lifestyle….!!!!

   

, hurriedly rushing from one room to another to fix up all her pending daily chores ….”

When Sohini returned from her school, she was more than happy and is jumping in joy clapping & singing…..after dressing herself up she comes to Kitchen area where Savita was busy in her usual workloads.

 Sohini coaxed Savita with a kiddish grin!!

 

” Savita seems not to be disrupted my Sohini talks.

 Sohini face was adamant with an obstinate pleads which Savita knows 

Still— instead of rushing to playground which is Sohini punctuated schedule alternated with her swimming & dance classes, she seems to be less interested & relentless today. Sohini is a 5 years old kid with energetic & innocent intelligence which is not easy to forget & forbade.

She is a  famous among her society members as a good dancer & a naughty kid on board —- still she is very much like other girls kids —-she loves Pink color, adore fairies tales , play with Barbie dolls , loves to watch cartoons & gorged on unlimited candies.

 Sohini stare at Savita once more & Savita knew something was not of regular importance else Sohini would have easily walk off obediently after hearing a 

 from her –!???

Savita stop chopping vegetables & refilling the water bottles for a while & sit on the swing next to kitchen balcony with Sohini —& lovingly asked her —-

Sohini wasn’t interested in buying talks from Savita this time. She wish to do 

 by herself to make 

 proud of her small effort, which Savita has no knowledge yet & Sohini seems to be  unflinching & hesitant before telling her wish— 

Savita was so turned by Sohini’s sweet wish & sweet caring words —- she immediately told Sohini that she will also accompany her to meet cute puppies soon…..

 Sohini was now dancing in joy to hear this — In evening Savita kept her promise and accompany Sohini to the area where Pepsi & her newborn pups were staying. The Pepsi had cowered down the pavement area outside the society main gate to protect her newborn babies from attackers and changing weather.

Savita stood mesmerized there, thinking and admiring, beauty of the Motherhood courage & intelligence, of the Pepsi to have found the prefect abode to hide & secure her kids from other stray animals and weather. Savita wanted to thank Sohini  for such a noble observation, which she has made while on her way back to school. It is a lovely sight to watch kids full of life & innocence like Sohini — 

 —-it’s no less than a divine bliss to have a kid — 

.

In the later evening Sohini even coaxed her Papa, to accompany her and meet her 

 and asked 

Now Pepsi wasn’t alone & strayed as she has found a 

It’s become a matter of society talks soon & Sohini even championed other like minded kids to form a

 who loves to visit Pepsi twice or more in a day with Food items borrowed from the house. 

Life was moving with a normal threshold at Sunny-dale society till the onslaught of windy and Rainy seasons. Society residents welcomed the Rains as a respite from the soaring Humid & Hottest days .

—- 

She hugged Sohini & kissed on her cheeks fondly and asked her to wait, till the time she thinks of something more better, as Puppies can’t live without their mother too & it would not be a good idea to divide them, and,  put Pepsi far from her kids. Sohini though little amused by Savita talks was little perturbed and little thoughtful too. Sohini knew Savita would never accept stray pup or any pet at home still she hoped and believed her mummy words and plans like she always does. 

Next day,  Savita requested a society meeting on urgent basis to discuss this issue with all residents. She knew not much would be the outcome from this meeting, still she wanted to try it for Sohini’s sake and for the Pepsi also, who is out there struggling daily to keep her kids safe & alive. 

As planned, society meeting started with the hush-hush and almost all the residents were present there….a full credit to this attendance goes to

 who coaxed their parents & grandparents to come out of slumber and hear what Savita aunty needs to tell them.

Savita started her maiden society speech—-

After much speculation, debate and advises presented to the counsel of society members, it was finally decided that, the area lying vacant beside the small toddler park to have a new but permanent shelter built for Pepsi & her stray puppies.

 All kids were now clapping endlessly; Jumping & screaming in joy after hearing this —-Sohini seems to be contended and joyous too as she looked up to meet her mummy admiring glances across the conference room hall.They both smiled at each other.

 Sunny-Dale Society Residents also adopted Pepsi as a

 & made her a part of Society extended family.

 

 After this fateful incident, all residents have decided to form the 

”  to help society improvise in terms of environmental issues, morals building and other such issues which are for the welfare of all, alike. Now Sunny-Dale ” Elders” are happily learning & unlearning in this continuing process of social welfare with their

 & future generation.

__END__

 

