GOLDEN SHOES – Short Story For Kids

Photo credit: 

 from 

Finally the day has arrived for which Abha was waiting from last five years. It was the day of her wedding. She was going through all the bits and pieces are according to the list or not. But she was unable to find her wedding shoes in the align arrangement of the materials.Abha started to search it and took a deep breath of relieve to find the shoe box. At the moment she took the glance of her shoes she was in her memory disastrous old days.

A girl with fair complection, long curly hair, brown eyes of seven years was very happy that day because her mother have promised her the golden shoes that she was asking for. She discussed about it with her cousins, classmates, friends and almost every one she used to meet.

Her mother gave her three hundred rupees and told Abha. “Abha here is the money for your shoes but don’t ask for more because you know how difficult it is for me to manage the house after your father left us alone.”

The very next day she had an accident on the way to the market. All her anticipation got transformed into bitter experience of pain, blood and harassment. Moreover that she got the shock when she came to know that her mother had to sell her gold jewelry for her operation.

The days passed and these experiences and its consequences made her stronger to face the challenges and obligation that life has to offer her. Abha studied with great endurance and hard slog and passed IPS for her it was fruit of the credence and sacrifice that her mother has done for her. Now it’s her turn to give her mother all back that she has lost during these years.

After facing so, many hurdles and obscure period of her life she never stopped “Dreaming” Dream and dream big so, that hurdles look small in front of your dream, if you think you can dream you can achieve it too that’s the aphorism of life of today’s Abha.

Suddenly someone knocked at the door.Abha are you done? Abha turned back and realized that those GOLDEN SHOES of her dream are now in her hands.

__END__

