: Knockout Rounds – Short Story

WSPI-2012-03: Knockout Rounds - Short Story

[Knockout Rounds – Short Story]

Hypnotizing black eyes, burning red face, twisted antennas, bushy moustache and a funny pink tongue… Why will someone buy such a bizarre face? Why to waste clay and colours on an ugly head? Sonu often thought this but never had the courage to speak before his uncle. He had a strong feeling though that these monster masks were bringing bad luck for them. His hatred was increasing gradually towards these masks, so much so that he tried twice to throw them from the cart while returning home with his uncle and to pretend that it was an accident. However it never happened and Sonu knew it by then that these masks were evil.

Lying on his chaarpayi with twinkling stars above him and crickets playing their favourite tune around him, Sonu was in his thinking mode. His cousin brother Chandu and cousin sister Munni were asleep, tired after spending some routine hours at school and some happy hours with friends. He could hear his uncle and aunty chatting inside the hut. He couldn’t understand but he somehow could feel their words. Every talk in a poor house is always about money; a thorough discussion about their sufferings.

He wanted to help. He didn’t want to be a burden. He remembered seeing a hunchback in a roadside show when he was too young. People were attracted by that weird hunch and the show was a hit. Sonu thought he can do better than a hunchback for his uncle and aunty.

The starry sky was making him dizzy and the silent breeze was telling him to go to sleep. It was only the punk music of the crickets that kept him awake. Sonu had a vague idea in mind before he slept. He has to get rid of those masks… has to get rid… masks.

Next day Sonu’s uncle was a bit surprised to see his nephew’s keen interest to sell the masks by any means. Sonu was chanting a new mantra, ‘buri nazar bhagau mukhote le lo’ instead of his usual ‘matka le lo’.

Many people visited, few bought and few sought for some time and then left. Time told them to go back home with the sun coming down. But Sonu was eager to sell the masks. He shouted once again his new mantra, but his sound was not heard, he felt as if it was ignored and the masks made that happen.

He was sitting in the cart along with his uncle, thinking again to kick the masks out from the cart. When a car passed them and Sonu saw an alien face peeping out from the car. Somehow he knew that it’s time to say goodbye to the masks. The car reversed and the person sitting inside gestured Sonu’s uncle to stop.

Sonu was right. That person in the car was the one who bought all the masks form them. He didn’t look of this land to Sonu and talked in a different language. Sonu didn’t care as those monster masks were gone and nor did his uncle cared because he got a good price for the masks, much more than his expectations.

That night Sonu was smiling all the time, even when his aunty shouted at him for being lazy and not washing the dishes properly. Before going outside to sleep he told his cousins proudly that their family trade will do far better from now. He didn’t realize that both his cousins didn’t react at all rather they were both filled with their own stories. Sitting together and talking unfinished sentences about their silly dreams was also a routine for them three.

But for Sonu one dream had come true and he couldn’t stop but smile. He danced at the tune of cricket and swayed along with the blinking stars. Then obeying the silent breeze once again, he fell asleep to dream the victory.

Sonu had a mark on his face, like fingerprints of an elder hand. He was putting the monster masks in the cart as directed by his uncle.

He got beating because he broke one of the masks next morning thinking it to be a left over. But his uncle told him that it was one of the new pieces he had left to dry. Sonu’s uncle painted new ones hoping to sell more of these masks or lucky masks, as he called them so.

The cart was moving slowly towards the mundane destination. Sonu was sitting upset and confused. He turned to look at the masks. Those nasty heads were gazing back and this time Sonu heard them laughing out loud at him.

Sonu smirked with a new plan in his mind.

__END__

