A Short Story – MADNESS..

Photo credit: 

 from 

 the main theme of  our  bollywood films .

Beautiful gardens with scenic beauty providing an icing on the cake  to the strong feeling of love and blossoming romance between a girl and a boy who were completely in love head over heels .

These are the only things that are shown on the celluloid about love  to create a misconception intentionally or unintentionally  that love is a beautiful experience and  an inevitable part of our lives.

Films that portray love failure as something to be pondered upon are rarely produced.

 

” Wow , what an article on our films..well done  and complete the rest tonight ” said Mr. Pappu to his subordinate Parveen.

Pappu is the editor of the film magazine whose main focus is the glamourous world of bollywood.

Parveen is a beautiful girl in her early twenties who is aspiring to become  a famous writer and she keeps writing articles and stories every now and then in Pappu’s magazine.

Parveen is so attractive that it is almost impossible for guys to resist her .

But she turns down all the proposals she gets for no reason.

She reaches her room after work in about half an hour .  She eats her dinner and then sits to complete the rest of the article which she had shown to her editor  in the morning. She falls asleep in the chair thinking about something .

Next day while driving back to her home she sees a mad person writing something in very big letters  on the road .

She did not notice in the beginning what he was writing on the road but after a few days  she had noticed a pattern in his writings.

He wrote ” 

 ” and the words stretch from karol bagh metro station to gol chauka circle about 800 metres in length.

Then she stops her car and tries to talk to him to find out what happened.

Mad person (lets say maddy) looks at her angrily and snatches her phone.

Then he dials a number and starts talking in a fluent english which  even she doesn’t understand.

 

Parveen :   Excuse me sir , my phone..

Maddy: Vodafone to Vodafone free calls..

Parveen : Mine is not Vodafone..

Maddy: Don’t worry . I have vodafone sim.

Then he takes out a vodafone sim and inserts it in her phone and gives it to her after throwing out her old sim card.

Parveen takes back her phone and runs away and wonders why she stopped her car to talk to him .

Then she realizes that the mad man had used 

 deo which lured her into talking to him.

 

That night she receives a call from an unknown number..she answers,,

Parveen : helloo..

Maddy : helloo..maddy here…madman  on  the road that u talked to.

Parveen :What happened to you and how come you are so fluent in english…

Maddy : I had read NORMAN LEWIS book while preparing for my MBA….

Parveen: You did MBA..

Maddy: yeah…MBA..MAD BUT ALRIGHT….

Then maddy narrates his love story that happened during his  MBA course ..How he fell in love with his  classmate who finally rejected him and how he has turned mad.

Parveen consoles him and says “

” and starts  writing article about love failure and love in bollywood films in the magazine she works.

__END__

