An Article – TODAY’S EDUCATION – Student Vs Parents Vs Friends

TODAY’S EDUCATION – Student Vs Parents Vs Friends – An Article

One of my neighbor just got his S.S.C (June-2010) result as the Delhi board results are declared early. He scored 74 % (All Subjects) & 82 % ( Best of 5). I was happy that he scored so such good as he was weak in studies (LOW I.Q). Then I asked him what field you are going to take ahead, and I was surprise with his answer as he said “

. But his parents where smart and already decide his long career. Her mother told me that she wanted her son to do Diploma Engineering (Computer or Electronics) but his father wanted to get on to Science 11

 & 12

 and then go to in to Mechanical engineering as his School Professor clearly said that it’s the best field suited for him. But I can clearly read the face of the child where he was not interested in either of the fields. This was just because of the lack of care for deciding the career of his choice from parents towards his single child.

Today Education is almost becoming like a competition. Now day’s parents are comparing their child, either between two friends or between two parents (Relatives). This I leading to failure & pressure on the children. Nobody is born with same size of five fingers. Everyone knows the Past of Bill Gates & Dhirubhai Ambani as a student and today they are almost ruling the world.

I have been experiencing all this situations and I would like to share my personal experience. While interacting with students and parents is, that students are not able to take proper career choice due to following few reasons:-

Parents rush to push their children to take up a stream of education that they consider will make them earn well (the one that is in demand), it does not matter what the child is good at or passionate about. In India the engineering stream is in demand because the IT industry offers great opportunities and everyone wants to get into an IIT!

Now a day’s even students are making a choice of their career looking in to the earliest available opportunity. Without considering their capability, talent/skill, awareness and character, they choose a career under the friend’s influence or to match their parent’s desire. In today’s world there is a very wide scope and choices of careers. New opportunities are coming up frequently, it is important that student must make a proper choice of their career.

Don’t choose your career coming under your friends influence as he might be good and achieve in what he likes to do, But you can achieve more than your friend if you choose a career taking into consideration about your intelligence, aptitude, interest, personality characters, long term goal and future job opportunities. Parents Please don’t try to complete your dreams of becoming an Engineer or Doctor on your child, he might fail badly in completing your dreams instead he will be more successful in what he likes to do.

Right choice in careers results in satisfaction and happiness. But at the same time to reach towards the path of success, students need terrific self-confidence, hard work, positive attitude, proper time management and dedication. There is no short cut or magic formula for success. It comes with sweat toil and hard work. They may have to face defeat, but failures are a stepping stone to success. When one door shuts Thousands other door always opens.

Life is what they make it. I wish they can meet any challenge and shape their destiny towards Success. Wishing “ALL THE BEST” to all students.

__END__

