An Article on Dreams – Everyone has a dream to fly only if they have the heart to do it

An Article on Dreams – Everyone Has a Dream

Photo credit: 

 from 

To dare is a precondition for every triumph. When a plant rests in a soft, comfortable and cosy small pot, its life is at ease, relaxed and happy! No fight, no struggle, no scuffle! But this way, how deeply and significantly can it stretch its roots? And, up to what extent can it spread out its branches? Noticeably not much! A plant will continue to remain as a plant and will breathe its last as a plant. It will never be assigned the title of a tree. But if it dreams of an absolute revolution from a plant to a fully grown tree, with its gigantic and mammoth branches competing with the sky, then it has to dare.

Dare to throw away its small, comfy home and get rooted into the field to withstand all the unfavourable and adverse circumstances. Likewise, to fulfil high dreams and high goals that we have chosen, we too need to dare. Dare to face the challenges that come in the way of success! To go with the flow is an easy option. Even a dead fish can do that. But to swim upstream is the certificate of life. So, dare to stand against all the odds!

However, an important query arises here, how can one become daring from within? This can happen only when we become aware of our inner strengths. When an individual is conscious of his own tremendous potentialities, abilities and capabilities; when he realises that he himself is the architect of his future, then nothing remains beyond his reach.

Swami Vivekananda once said– ‘The remedy for weakness is not brooding over weakness, but thinking of strength. Teach men of the strength that is already within them.’

The world admires strength, not weakness. When a batsman hits sixes in succession, viewers give him a standing ovation in great excitement and dance in amusement. It’s the adoration for the triumph of strength. Strength, energy and drive already present in a man receive universal praise.

But alas! Man uses only a small portion of an otherwise unlimited expanse of his potential energy. Imagine a cow tied to a pole with a rope in vast grassland. Despite being in expansive grassland, the cow can move only in a small area around the pole to graze the grass. It further contracts its area of movement by encircling around the pole thereby shortening the length of the rope.

Men too constrict themselves and act within the perimeter they themselves set, not being aware of their immense strengths, capacities and possibilities. But, those who are awake and are aware of their vast inner-storehouse of potential, they achieve towering success even in unfavourable conditions. Milton was blind, Napoleon had a skin disease, Julius Caesar suffered from epilepsy, Beethoven and Byron were deaf and the super-orator Demosthenes earlier stammered. All these personalities realised the huge potential hidden within them and then they dared to rock the world. So, dream big and then dare on the basis of your massive inner strength to progress on the path of success. That’s the only way.

__END__

