Short Story on Female Foeticide – Angel, You Are Fired!!!

 Angel

 

 God only knows

 

 Do what God orders, spread love

 

 Escorting souls

 

 God only knows

 

 God only knows

…but today I am fired!!!

I escorted a soul five months back to a remote village of India. Soul was bit tensed when we started. She did not want to leave God. However when God told that she would be given a new angel, the most caring one, called “Mother”, the soul agreed to come with me. On the way she asked me more about mother. I told her my uncountable observations about mother,

“If you are with mother, you need not to worry for anything. She will protect you more than anyone else can do, she will teach you to become a nicer soul, she will show the most beautiful creation of God — “The World”, she will bless you the most potent weapon in this universe — “The Love”, and she will even train you to pray God and to become angel.”

“But I shall miss you… you have been my favourite angel” soul said good bye to me when I dropped her in her mother’s womb.

“Very soon you would be shaped up a cute baby.” I told her while leaving her in her new haven. “You would be so happy that you would never wish to come again” but she could not listen to me as she already became embryo.

I must confess that I was bit biased in my decision. She was one of the loveliest souls. I wanted to give her the best and I chose India for her. I was impressed by success of women in India – Gargi, Lakshmi Bai, Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu (Mother Teresa), Indira Gandhi, Savitribai Phule, Gangubai Hangal, Lata Mangeshkar… endless list. I prayed God to let my favourite soul to become one of these women to let World feel proud of her.

Yesterday she remembered me not as a human but as a soul. I reached to escort her. She did not want to come back. She was happy with her mother. She was sad even after seeing me. But I could not go against God’s rule. I had to obey my duty. We together started towards our original destination – to the God. On the way she told her story…

We reached to our destination. But the Almighty noticed my wet eyes, “Angels are not supposed to feel earthly emotions. You are changed. You must get what you like…”

…and the angel changed into a new female embryo.

[If this angel is saved and allowed to be born in India, I shall feel the purpose of this story is met]

 [Short Story on Female Foeticide – Angel, You Are Fired!!!]

