 

Now we have to discuss the broad meaning of help. I experienced number of students in my area who are not in a position to ask what they want since the parents especially the poor trained their children only to have the pleasure in variety of food. So they mainly concentrate only on gathering money to meet food.They are so many pleasures beyond food that the parents are not in a position to satisfy and also the child may not work individually until the parents said we may not feed you.

Here is actual problem arises .Why we only stick and depends on parents since in our Indian culture if a child works  outside the world see him as  somewhat less than other child of same age group. If they really go out for work  they are cultivating new habits of workers which may spoil in long run. In our market the top 90% out of 100% workers have some bad habits. They learned how to work hard and how to satisfy the client but maximum of workers don’t have the good habits. If any poor goes to him to learn the skill ,the worker does not interfere him in work directly because he has an illusion that the child may exceeds him in skill so that if the child start services separately the client may goes to him and loses his business.

The soul aim of our life is to help others directly or indirectly. The worker and the market leading persons of a good country must be very loyal and he must have good habits and he must be motivated my mentors.Live the world class life by having good thoughts.

In order to excel any poor in a country don’t play a victim role to see only for food in which the parents gather for you. Some times parents doesn’t know the present status of their own family and they live the life by saying past things i.e we have 2 houses when you are at childhood now loss them because of some issues . Never live in life past only your are at present.

The parent role in a poor family is give them good books and always says them be positive and does not entertain one negative thought at any time .

In India nobody can help a poor person. Because there is no use for them in investing in you.”A poor person especially in India having poor thoughts” this is conforming statement of rich .The rich may always go rich by investing on companies. For example  ,to explain example I have to explain my profile in this point . My father is a poor worker in my childhood working morning to late nights , in order to go one step far word he make small business transactions with small clients. At  that time we have no models because we are poor .When I am asking wholesaler to  give models ,he give very few at the same time another person (rich)of another shop came and ask for models  he give bulk number of models.What the rich person and I doing the same thing but the wholesaler sees 2 clients differently.

Even me in the position wholesaler may do the same thing.So don’t live the life of poor even we hate this state.

In order to come out of poor state  first read books  then we get ideas .There is no permanent way for success  if it is there no poor exists on earth.The story of every person is different.But every person strive to become rich  it is the worst state that we may not taste the world completely.Persistence in your work,good habits,especially reading books. Reading a good book in a single day is the best practice that all the top performers in our history have the habit in common. Please note that the ideas which you get on read and must be noted ,sometimes the best answers  may come for your problems which you are facing.You must understand whole heartedly what you read .Use dictionary in reading.

In India help means giving some amount to charity or old age home .OK they are really very good .The persons who are able to work their won also joining in this charities.A  good death is an example of ABDUL KALAM . A man must work until he dies. A man stop living when he is not in a position to make their own food .

IN MY VIEW “HELP” = MAKE OTHER TO COOK THEIR OWN FOOD(I MAY NOT GIVE  PULSES, I ONLY GIVE WORK TO THEM)

Work is the only thing in world which is true ,which gives you real happiness,gives the status,gives whatever you want.

Note:Indian market conditions are in a cyclic process, so please be patience to learn a work for 2 years of any stream.After that period only you will judge the market.

###

