Article – Social Media or Killing Media

Photo credit: 

 from 

The world now is suppose to rule by the social media I think or at least they have a very strong influence in our life.We are very much comfortable in it as we can provide our opinions to public, keep in touch with anyone and everyone all around the world etc. despite this amenity, it had so many problems as anything else. The idea of writing something about social networking sites came to my mind while I saw a post in whatsapp today morning.

The post announce the death of a well known actress in India who had been the winner of two National Awards for best actress.The news elaborately explained how the actress fought against the deadly cancer and died at last on last day night. The headlines shook me as I am one of the greatest fans of hers and I immediately search in news channels and web browsers to get a clarity about the news. In this technological world, it was very much easy for me to find out that the whole news was a prank and she is extremely well.The funniest thing is that she had updated her Facebook status just five minutes before I logged in.

I am unable to convey what I felt then. How can humans be so cruel and what kind of happiness they get by creating all these hoax? Is death a comedy? or is other’s life too insignificant for us? All these questions arouse in my mind rapidly. The one who re-post and me had a hot discussion about the topic for a while. She told me to take not it as something serious and quoted a line from Chetan Bhagat’s “What Young India Wants” to strengthen her point;’Life is not to be taken seriously as we are temporary here’.

I retorted her by saying the very same person’s quote from the very same book;” don’t be serious be sincere.” Sincerity is needed for doing any act especially when it is about others I hadn’t told that to establish my argument but to make clear that it is not the case of seriousness but hurting somebody. If this happened to somebody in our family or friends how will we react? this is what we should keep in mind before reposting all this stupidity.

Later, I thought seriously about the changes that happens in our life after the arrival of social media. We now have no time to share with somebody close to us but have time to chat with someone faraway from us. Nobody is really care about what is happening in their home but all are anxious about the affairs in other continents which will result no effect in us. From the time of wake up to till the time of sleep we are indulged in our i-phones. Every homes are some what hostels now. No interaction occurs between the family.

We are learned to live with head held high, but now doubtlessly I can say no head is held high unless we are taking selfies. One saddest thing I noticed in a news paper once was that a couple taking selfie in front of a building that is burning. How people can be so feeling less or hardhearted? Some are dying by taking selfies in railway track or from building roofs. When are we going to learn from all these things?

Paradoxically social media were introduced to develop relationship, even though what now happens is vice versa. In the title I mentioned it as killing media not only because it kills people who are alive but also kills our valuable time. So now onwards we will try to utilize time properly by sharing good news, emotions, love,friendship, healthy discussions both online and within the family and many more…

###

