Article – Duration of Protest

Duration of protest , now a days, is too low. Why I am saying this because my friend called me two months before and told me that she is not talking to her mother or eating her food for two days. I asked her the reason and she told me that her mother didn’t allow her to learn journalism. After one week she called me again and informed me that she joined for an IT course. I teased her so much as I can’t imagine her as an IT professional who always sits in front of a computer. She is for me a super active person who never rest even for a second. I suddenly reminded her protest in her home and asked her the result of it. She told me that she continued the protest for two more days but it didn’t work as her parents initially asked her to speak and eat. After that they felt that their daughter is so arrogant and ignore her. More than that they were assure that her protest will end up with in 2 or 3 days. This incident made me think of the duration of our protest.

Each and every words said by a person is controversy today. Mainly because everyone has an opportunity to share one’s opinion to the public. All speak for or against a concept and will forgot the next day itself. Probably this is the problem of our revolt in now a days. We simplifies everything by creating a fake huge image. Every news we hear have only a few days life span.

Many rape cases, scam issues, alcoholism , corruption, drug abuse, violence , terrorism are being discussed daily as internet give an opportunity to know what is happening around the world with in seconds. But no discussions get a good result, Why?. I think we only love to discuss things not to do make it practical or the law ,which hadn’t changed for years, never allow as to make it practical.

Coming back to my topic, I think first and foremost thing that we need is to develop persistence because that is something we lost in this world that have no time to do anything. As like my friend’s parents, the government also knows that we will quit from the outcry in a limited time without considering the seriousness of the issues and that is the reason of the increasing crimes in day by day. Our silence after two days violence is one of the major issues of this unchanging attitude of every respected authority. We will never get justice until we work hard. May be all of you are aware of a  quote that suggests if you haven’t fight for something then never cry for it. Just remember one thing, if this was the attitude of our freedom fighters we would have been still under the control of British.

–END–

