Yesterday when I was going home, in metro, I saw a girl with her father. She was nearly 2 years old and her father was holding her in his hands, very tightly. And I can see this little girl keep letting go of his father, and she was moving around a lot, without being afraid that she might fall. I can see that she cannot even comprehend the thought of falling down because she knows her father will keep her safe. You can actually see the trust she had on her father at an age when she probably do not even know what trust is.

The relation between parents and children is purest and precious of all the relations in world. You can see the love, even from far away. The love you feel for your fathers, your mothers can never be captured in words, it is beyond the language that we use. You count on your parents everyday for everything. From your diet chart to your travel plans to every decision you make, you look upto them. Every time you feel sad, every time you feel scared or alone or lost, your parents make you feel better. They make you believe in yourself. It is true, that having love of parents is the blessing and you are fortunate to have them in your life. It is true that god send them to you because god cannot be everywhere. You can feel that love, trust , that blessing all the time. It is a shield, it protects you from all the harm in world.

The love of a parent is the most honest feeling in the entire universe and nothing can ever replace it. It is hard to express in words how fortunate i feel to have them in my life. They give us life, they makes us, From a mindless infant to a grown up person. They teach you how to talk, how to walk, how to hold spoon in your hand and how to use a pen. The first letter you wrote was with them, the first breath you took was with them. Your first step was a magic in their world and your first laugh was with them. When you are sick your mother sit with you all night long, she still does. When you want something, they try their best to provide that. They do everything for you and do it without any reason, the only reason, if you want one is LOVE.

There is no other heart that is pure than your parents and no one cares about you more than your parents. But they also grow up, they grow old and now they need you to do same things they did for you. An evening tea with you or morning breakfast with you makes them happy. So don’t just wish mother’s day or father’s day, tell them how much you love them and mean it. Be there for your parents, its your turn now. Hold their hands, sit with them, tell them that you will never leave them just like they used to tell you. Don’t be frustrated when they cannot understand you, there was a time when you can’t say anything clearly.

Keep in mind the small and little things that they want or need. May be they want an ice-cream that they never liked, may they want a sweet or a fruit like they used to eat when they were kids. Remember you are all they have in this world. Their world starts and ends with you. Just love them, respect them and show them that you love them, because one day soon you won’t have that, and all you will be left with are memories, make sure they are good ones. Once they are gone, you will miss them all your life and regret what you could have done. There is nothing you can do after that, except miss them. You will never feel safe again, you never feel relaxed again. You will always be under some stress and no one will be their to give a good advice and provide affection. So spend all the time you have with them, because some day you will not be able to do that.

–END–

