However, not everyone is able to take a trip and everyone is left in a lot of things. Whether it is just a bus or a train or a life. Some people learn from their travels. And some people go through life.

The same thing comes in the experience of “Life”. Making a mistake is a part of life, but make mistakes in whole life. Then life should be considered complete or only then, it is not so.

Like the book’s pages, life is seen only once again when it feels necessary, others time like the old book just like the passing time, get the lowest in the receptacle.

You must do something like this in life or say that your life book is so happy that everybody should keep it close to her. The pages of some books are also “big gifts” that they have to live in a rose of joy that lives in the roses of selfishness, which keeps the fragrance of the rose of their mind in the roses, and keeps them alive for ages.

Do not laugh at the big celebration. But this is the bitter truth of life. You do not add it to physical pleasure. It is not just a matter of relation or attraction of a man or woman. It is today, in which everybody lives only in a fundamental way.

Seeing that there is a terrific depiction of love words, therefore, such persons will be considered as good luck in this world. Surrender life also passes, and the tales leave for the next generations, but if you give a little relaxed life travel, then life gets a new freshness.

The daily routine of this train gave the Mangal a shade of glee. If every color in life is a better color and every single color gives life new dimensions.

If you take heavy travel, then the journey will be like a bite and the pain will continue with thejourney. Mangal was the bus driver who gave a new look in the freshness of the journey.

Mangal often used to say that “the speed of life does not determine when the journey will end. How else will it be, but the wheels of the carriage decide the real theatre of life”. He also used to murmur sometimes, I used to feel foolish that he was portraying words. When those pages are often such a thing, they come to the mouth,

When looking over the shoulders of fresh juices, How long will you run away from life?

It would have been a huge reference, but the Mangal was right…That you are engaged in engaging your life and then sometimes you are going to solve some problems and just live. At the end of the year, in the accusations, the consolation-cum-association sometimes puts them in the shape of a dream and then put the desires close to certain dreams in the box.

Sometimes they take care of what is going on in life. It is said that as much as you can live under the words of life or you can share life in the current season…

Mangal everyday “Anand Movie Songs” tracks in his car (morning 9 o’clock in the train) and he also had the cassette that repeatedly used to be “Babumushaya” and Puppet Theatres puppets.

It was in the same way that I and Mangal, were meeting in the same way that they were running for their rosary and for their bread. But this little secret of the state is going down in a deep friendship as if it was just talking uninterruptedly.

Mangal recited the same dialogue in his own color and repeatedly used to tell the passengers of the cabin,

Life is a well of theater,

 If you do not jump on it,

 How to drown in the color of life,

 Every color has its own style,

 Every color has its own emotions,

 Death is just a payment for life

Traveling on a journey is sympathy for the travelers and medicine is not the only one who has met a doctor, there is also some effect in the opinion.

Some of the speculations of the carriage were changed. The songs were echoing from some of today’s temblors.

 In front of it, it was found that there was no Babumusha today and theater artist changed, whereas the character was the same.

The conductor was listening to those tales a few days ago, and then some lines of Babumashaya came again,

 It is said that “Never the train stops and neither does it dawn alive”

…. Some stories are always incomplete.

–END–

तरुण कुमार सैनी “मृदु”

