Article – LET THE “PEACE” PREVAIL ON EARTH

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is true that in recent times people around the world are combating numerous issues internally and externally. Some matters can be solved easily, however some takes whole lot of energy and patience to overcome. In the meantime, what we as a society can do is to do our bit and try to be more realistic thinkers rather than acting like hot potatoes. It is undeniable that we all make mistakes and it is inevitable for us to be perfect in our lifetime.

I am not a saint and I am not trying to lecture anyone, on the contrary, I am only urging hot potatoes in our society to behave properly and not to exaggerate things especially when it comes to our nation’s integrity and unity. It is of utmost importance that we as a society and a nation should act right for the tri colour we represent in the world.  Vandalising property and destroying hard earned assets of individuals and of the nation will only push us backward rather than doing any good to us and to our people.  We have a duty of care for our people and for the society, which includes children, elderly people who can merely rely on themselves for performing little tasks, such as, getting to the shop to buy a bottle of milk.  Therefore, we need to realise where we are heading as a nation.

On our 67

 Independence Day, what have we learnt from the past and what we are about to change for the better and prosperous future of our present and future India?  Instead of complaining, what social responsibility we are ready to take over from governments. It is common to see people spitting, littering and staring at women in our society that boasts one of the oldest civilizations in the world.  It is rare to see someone assisting any disabled person crossing road or any similar task.  Is this all government’s responsibility to come and teach us our moral and social values? I believe we the people are progressing without a doubt economically and financially, however, our social and moral values are depleting faster than ever. As an Indian, I believe we should be more helpful and kind to others, especially to our guests (foreigners) and to our own people without a doubt.

On this Independence Day of our country, let’s celebrate in our own way by changing one little thing at a time. I would not be surprised with one little change and efforts of 1.25 billion people of our beautiful nation India, this world and our entire nation can assist “Peace” to prevail on our truly mysterious and magnificent planet earth.  We all should unite for one nation and one Tri Colour to start with for our loved ones and for our world.  Jai Hind

 

