Article – Spinning Life

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Spinning life is because life will be always spinning, it won’t stuck to one side &  it won’t allow us to be in one side, In life it won’t be only happy there will be a same percent of sorrow. But most of the people won’t take sorrow in there life, they need only happy in there life, but the god is very good commander & good referee, He will see all the people in same way, whoever ask him more he will give more happiness only, but once he will give so badly a sorrow the people can’t bare, that sorrow &  failure in there life, so the people can’t stick into only happiness side only they have to spin for the sorrow side also. For some people he give more sorrow &  more trouble to them he will test them if they can bare that pain &  failure, If they can’t they will take a bad steps in there life. We get only once has a human life we have to survive with this we should not take any bad decision in our life, Because life is priceless if we miss this life we are the big loser in the world.

In the world all the people blame god for there failure & they always pray god for there needs, They won’t think that if they work hard they can see success in the life, God only bless us, Life is always spinning like I think in first, So we also have to be spinning around the life, In life we should be always dreaming, Dreaming is most important thing in life, Life is tooo long, Don’t make it short by the crazy people decision, Whatever comes in life, live long &  long life, One day we will remember by other people in the world.

So life will be spinning with that we also should be spinning through the life, We should look our face in the mirror & we should move forward in life, We have to be like a pretenders in life, Whatever it comes we should pretend to that & move on in life, Whatever comes in life we have to accept it & move forward in life, If it is wrong also we should pretend that it is good & we should accept it & do our work, In every people life there will be a wall in the middle of the life, It is a testing from god, We always pray to god to fulfill our dreams, If our dreams comes true, We say through our hardwork we did this we say to everyone that, By my hard work I did this & my dream comes true we says, But if that dream didn’t work we blame the god that he didn’t listen to me & my prayer, He didn’t fulfill my dreams.

We are the responsible for our life no one is responsible to our life, That we should not blame anyone nor god to our failure, God gives us guide & support to us to do the work, Life is spinning so once what we had for next time we won’t have that with us, we have to crush the wall in our life to long live our life, We should be a pretenders in life. Then one day we will remembered. Life is like a “Rugby game” we can’t guess which team will win the game, In life also we have 2 teams, one is White & second is Black, White resembles “Happy, Peace & light” & the Black resembles “Sarrow, Violence & Dark”, Like this that we can’t select only white in our life it won’t be only happy, peace & ligth in our life, When life spin’s automatically we will get a Black team in our life, If we didn’t select also we will get a Black team in our life, But we have to be Sincerely & Seriously should take our life control & then we can achieve something in life.

We should not think that we need only win in our life, There should be a lose also in our life then only we will come to know the value & responsible in the life, Then only we will be little strong we can face the world, How the world is there & how it need us to be in this world, We can’t guess what will happen next in our life but only we can postpone to some days or whatever happens we need a guts & patience to face it, We can’t except anything in life, Whatever we expect in life it won’t be present some other thing only happened, So we should not expect anything in life, We have to be happy & accept whatever it comes to us. So I compare life to a “Rugby Game” not only for winning & losing the game, I compare this because, In this game we need “Confident, Strength, Passion, Ambitions, Winning Sprite, Concentration & Focus” on the goals,

Then only the player can play for there team then only they can win the match, Like this only we have to be in life, This is a real game if we win in life game, automatically we will win everything, In this game the players face a so much struggle, They will get so much stoppers & oppenets give trouble to them & make them to stop, But the players if they stop because of the problems they face in the ground they will lose the game for there team the match is very important, They want to win the match so they have to cross all the hurdels & they want reach the goals, So like this only we have to cross all the hurdels & troubles in life & move forward & reach our goals, In that game also we will hurt. In life also we get hurt not only physically, Mentally also we will hurt, We should be very strong & positive,

Whatever walls is like a problems comes in our life that we should cursh the wall & move forward & then on day everyone will remember us & our rememberance will be for a long live. Life is beautiful make it even more sweet & beautiful, Why should we think only bad & negative about life, Now will go in a beautiful path & make it sweetest path of beautiful life has a Best life. Imagination is far better than knowledge, In life what goes around & comes around, Don’t count your burdens count your blessing, The road to success is always under construction, The best thing life are unexpected because there were no expectations,

In our life nobody says now you must laugh but sense of humor can help you overlook the unattractive, tolerate the unplease cope up with the unexpected & smile through the day, Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best, The choices we make & the chances we take our destiny, Most of the time in life silence is the best sound ever, Nothing is said everything is understood, Just because its not what you were expecting doesn’t mean its not everything you’ve been waiting for silence is one of the simplest ways to stay happy, Just lets go of the things that’s makes us sad. The world is vehicle for you if you drive that,It will delivers you to your destination. If that drives you you will be destroyed,

The best relationship in the world is one is a ‘sorry’ & another is ‘Smile’ can make everything back to normal life. The person should have a control the “anger” because it is just one letter away from “Danger” You should have a aim life then you can build your life for this, change is a nature of life, But challenge is aim of life , So always challenge the changes not change of challenger. You should challenge the defeat, If you will face defeats in your life, But never let yourself be defeat in life. You should not accept failure, But not accept for not trying to resolve your failure, You can dream anything you want to dream, This is the beauty of the human being mind, To do anything you want to do, That is a strength of human being.To trust yourself to test your limits, that is the courage of your talent success.

Talent  is like a perfume bottle, If you never open it nobody knows the fragrance inside it, Kindness & hardwork will take you further than intelligence, Every time you thought of giving up, Remind yourself what kept you holding on, Sometimes you have to forget what you want to remember what you deserve, The world is full of beautiful things like us. I hope we never listen to anyone in life we should listen to everyone, Whatever they says if it is good & is it necessary & it is needed to anyone or helpful to anyone then we consider that very most important in life, First most we should believe in our self, We should be confident on our self & our idea & on our work, We should be ‘confident’ not ‘over confident’, The over confident will spoil us then only we will get “Ego” & ‘Attitude’ in our life, Through our over confident , ego & attitude we loose people who wear near to us & close to heart, So this 3 thing should not allow in our life.

We should be independent in life, Yes of course we will depend on our family, When we were small, When we come to an age we should be an independent, We should not miss use the independence, When we come to an age there will be a so many ways to spoil, But if we have respect on our family & more than on ourself, Then we should not go to a short cut route, Life is a long road we should not take a short cut roads, It is a short cut but in short cut route we will get only bad foods, If we want to eat good foods then it is ok go in long route only. In life everyone will make mistake, at that time don’t look back at all, Take the reason of the thing into your mind & then look forward. Mistakes are lesson of wisdom, The past cannot be changed, but the future is in your hand & still yet your power. Even animals make a mistakes, But what makes us different from them, Is our superior mentality to learn from these mistake & make sure not to repeat them again in life. We should forget the mistake & make sure not repeat them again in life. We should forget the mistake & everyone should forget your mistake,

How can they forget your mistake, Only through your achievement in life, Failure will be there in everyone’s life, Greatest achievement in life is undoubtedly our greatest failure in life. To learn from your own mistakes, By which I have lived all my life & will continue to live by all my life, I squeezed through these huge walls of mistakes & have to come out as reformed individual, with a positive outlook on life. They say that experience is the best teaches & better way to get experience than from your own mistakes. May it be in terms of academics, Self reforms, or even I helping others, I have made mistakes but i have never let them overpower. your confidence & prevalence to succeed in life. It is rightfully said that mistakes are the stepping stones for success & in your past, I hope you have made a countless mistakes & thus you assume that you are in the right path.

The road to success has many cracks, each ready to make you stumble & lose hope, But in your self determination & perseverance which ultimately becomes the driving forces that lets you recover from your fall & mend the road ahead, So that you may have less stumbles on your way. A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, But more useful than life spent doing nothing. The purpose of our lives is to be happy. My formula for living is quiet simple. I get up in the morning & go to bed at night.In between I occupy myself as best I can.The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life, Open your eyes look within are you satisfied with the life you’re leaving, Do not dwell in the past, Do not dream of the future Concentrate the mind on the present moment, We do not remember days we remember moments, If you love your life then don’t waste time for the what life is made up of, Always think that, A happy life is one which is accordance with its own nature, & say to the rest of the world that, I have had a happy life & thank to god & Good to everyone who had taken part in our life & be thank full who make you to be happy in life, If someone made bad things in your life also wish them good only, Then in our life we can see so much happiness. Through this I can say to everyone May God Bless you all, & wish you All The Best in life For all. Thank you

__END__

