Article on Teenagers – Competitive Childhood?

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Recently, a lot of reality television series worldwide have provided valuable opportunities for the general public to display their hidden talents and realize their dreams. Not only were adults interested in winning the games, teenagers who should be studying hard also participated actively in these programs. Children as young as 4 entered for the competition as well. It is, therefore, suggested that an age limit should be set to restrict participation from children and teenagers. I agree to impose this restriction.

The viewership of reality TV series has hit the bull’s eyes. It skyrockets and surpasses that of other programs. However, critics argue if the existence of teenager and children performers was a sign of abandoning their own academic studies and they just spend too much time on these shows and not enough on studying. I am on these critics’ side and I show concern on the downsides of teenagers and children who participate in reality television series. The government should do something to ensure teenagers and children are protected and it’s better late than never to take appropriate actions. There are arguments on this issue and I’ll mention them in the following paragraphs.

First, I think children are exploited when participating in reality television series. In my opinion, children are not mature to make their own decisions. Their parents are the decision-makers and children are mere followers. Parents who do this want their children to be famous, and also claim to act for the interests of the children. There is a lot of money at stake, their children and themselves will be the limelight of the public. Both the parents would gain fame and money, and it’s just too tempting to resist. However, it’s only the will of parents after all. Their children may think differently and didn’t want to participate in reality television series. Nevertheless their parents are the boss and children can’t make their own decisions. Exploitation exists and it is bad for children.

Secondly, showbiz doesn’t promise teenagers a rose garden. On the other hand, education can keep them safe from deception. What is commonly seen is that teenagers and children abandon their academic studies and get themselves in showbiz. In fact, showbiz is a career that will not last perpetually, as it depends on one’s age, appearance, and luck. Showbiz people have a short time of bloom. Moreover, there are a lot of deceptions in showbiz and it is hard to trust people.

For teenagers and children it is difficult to survive in showbiz. They may need to sacrifice their ethics in order to get good relationship with others which is also important to this profession. Teenagers and children are susceptible to others’ influence and it is easy for them to deteriorate unconsciously. Parents of the teenagers and children mostly have overlooked the potential dangers of getting their next generation into showbiz. It should be one’s own option to choose one’s own profession.

Thirdly, the teenagers and children who get into reality television series are never the same person again. The lives of young talents will change drastically. They become household names, and would not lead a normal life. They become household names, and are vulnerable to ridicule and criticism. They may become bigheaded and think they are more superior than others. As a result they may look down on others.

Besides, they are under the scrutiny of paparazzi and they may feel very uncomfortable and annoyed. There may be scandals aroused because of their popularity, but these scandals may not be true. This may pester them a lot. Though they may want to circumvent these scandals, they would soon find these scandals inevitable. They would have to learn to adapt to the environment. If they cannot they may topple. Therefore, they need to be mentally strong in order to withstand criticisms from the public.

Fourthly, teenagers and children may lead an unhealthy life if they entered showbiz. People of showbiz often have to work overtime and overnight when being asked to perform or do other things. They need to socialize with others, and often they drink wine and smoke a lot. The above deeds are all harmful to health.

In conclusion, I believe teenagers and children are vulnerable to harm when participating in reality television series and I support an age limit should be set to restrict participation from children and teenagers. These teenagers and children may become a laughing stock to their peers and the public and it may affect their mental well-being. Adverse effects are observed from the ingress of teenagers and children to reality television series and we should avoid some egregious people from taking advantage of these teenagers and children. We should ensure the welfare of these teenagers and children.

__END__

