Jaylalitha or Jaylalithaa: Jayalalitha was born on 24th. February 1948 just after India got freedom on 15th. August 1947. She was born and brought up in a very well-to-do family.

 After the sudden demise of her father at early age her mother namely Vedavalli came to Bangalore from Mysore where Jayalalitha was born. As her mother was talented lady with all qualities of an actress, her relatives attached to Chennai film industry inspired and encouraged her to leave Bangalore and shift to Chennai for she could better be capable enough to take part in theatre and films. No sooner did she receive the call than she rushed to Chennai with her only daughter so called Jaylalitha. It was the tradition to change name in film industry to suit the people and popularity and consequently she was known as Sandhya as actress. She earned name, fame and money here within a short period of time.

Jayalalitha was brought up in a luxurious environment and as such she knew the importance of name, fame and money in one’s life to live and lead a comfortable/luxurious life in society.

She got the entry in the film due to her rare quality and mother’s approach in the film industry.

 Jayalalitha debut in Kanada film “Chinnada Gombe” in 1964, Telgu film “Manushulu Mamathalu” in 1964, Tamil film “Vennire Aadai” in 1965 and also in Hindi film “Izzat” in 1968 and the last but not the list Malyalam film “Jesus “in 1973.

 Her pet name was “Ammu” in childhood. Since 1990 people address her with sheer love and due respect as “Amma” which means mother or madam. This nick name was so popular in Tamil Nadu that it familiarised every level of the people.

 Though she had all that she needed to live and lead life luxuriously but even then she felt lack of power and position in society as compared to the politicians of that time in Tamil Nadu.

Since she was very ambitious, she turned politician all of sudden.

It is no exaggeration to keep on record that she succeeded very soon as her fans were in a large number in whole state and loved and respected her wholeheartedly.

She defeated her deep rooted political opposition party in the assembly election held in 1991 and became the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for the first time and successfully continued till 1996.

It was an unfortunate period in her political career that she lost the majority in 1997 assembly election and the opposition party came to power in 1997 and continued till 2001. During this period she had to face great problems but she tolerated with patience and perseverance. She didn’t lose heart rather fought bravely and courageously. She organised her party once again and won the majority in the assembly election of 2001.

 She was elected the leader of the party and once again she became the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu and continued from 2001 to 2006 (Full term). She retained the position in 2011 assembly election with majority and again became the Chief Minister holding the supreme position in the state with full support of the people at large of the state. She remained the supreme authority of the state continuously for three terms save and except for break for a few months due to some unprecedented situation.

She was as tender as petals and at the same time shrewd as thunder. She was very kind by heart but very tough by action.

 Jayalalitha didn’t marry in life. She lived and led a bachelor life with supreme political power and status in the state.

She was admitted to Apollo Hospital on 22nd. September 2016 and on 4th. December she had a massive heart attack which caused her death.

After struggling in between life and death she breathed her last at 11.30 P.M. on 5th. December 2016 in Apollo Hospital, Chennai.

In spite of all constraints and criticisms she did a lot for the welfare of the common people of her state due to which huge crowd gathered all around the hospital and when heard about her demise cried bitterly.

Besides the common people of the state in a large number the politicians and dignitaries of the different states of the country and beyond that took part in the funeral ceremony and paid homage to her with heavy heart.

She is no more now but will be remembered for the years to come for the cause of the common people of the state.

May her soul rest in peace!

–END–

Writer: Durga Prasad. Dated 8th. December 2016

