Death, an occasional much needed reality check

Photo credit: 

 from 

What is it about loss, that controls life with such an iron hand? What is it about shock, trauma, suddenness of death that break or make relations? Families? Homes? People?

Death is common. Death is expected. But then why is Death still so scary? She makes you possessive. She makes you feel guilty. Makes you realize that you remembered the person less in her life time and now suffer from that sinking, empty feeling of having lost that chance of being with her.

The feeling is same as that of letting go of the kite’s string suddenly, or that of your balloon. Or that soft teddy bear that you were clutching in a crowded train, that some one suddenly and rudely snatched away from you. You make promises to meet, to talk. To relate. To be together. To make memories. But life makes you run around in circles like puppets.

Life mocks you. Death embraces you.

What happens after death is still a mystery. But life? Life is a different story. Life is reality. She is scripted. Do what you want, she will follow her course. All the talks of those life changing experiences? Well, you know what? Every thing was just meant to happen. Every bit of it. Death is the final bow you take from the stage. Those who loved your role, those whose roles depended on yours, will miss you, be sad, cry, and eventually have to move on.

Life doesn’t let any of her puppets sit idle. No. Not one. Like clowns, we have to get up and start dancing again. Hide the suffering, the pain, the fatigue behind the makeup called life. But what we can do is learn. To respect what we have. The relations that we have. That’s what all the puppets have in common. Even in the mayhem that life some times becomes, we need to work on our relations. Else we will end up as puppets belonging to countless different stories, all crowding the stage and adding to the chaos.

Love what you have. Love who you have. Hold them close. Spend time with them . All that you stand to loose are a few meetings, a few green notes. They aide life. They are not life. Don’t wait till death comes knocking and takes away a loved one to rake up the jar of memories. Live them. Be them.

You will be surprised to know, how fast the two hands of a clock run around. They are crazy. They are merciless. They stop for no one. And the more you get hypnotized by their movements, the further you go from the other puppets in your life story. When life throws away a puppet in to death’s arms, time stands still for just one minute. And some times not even for that long! To show feigned respect. And the very next minute, its up and running around in circles once again. Some times, breaking away from strings is a necessity and not a luxury. You never know, how long life will hold onto it. Why depend on it then?

__END__

