Article – If all the clocks stop in the world

Photo credit: 

 from 

God made a plan to make the world realize the importance of time. You will be thinking what his plan was. What he did was simple he made all the clocks stop in the world….

Everything just became its worst. Everyone was found to be running because the new generation is not expert like the old generation to look at the sky and pretend time!!

School whose bell was at perfect time didn’t knew when to ring. The government office which were always sleeping and start at late didn’t get a problem that much because they got more time. Few people who knew the value of time didn’t get affected the absence of clock because they still were not wasting time.

On the other side people were realizing the importance of time when the doctors were not able to start their operations at time and were not able to give medicine to patience in some cases which leaded even to death of people. Those who didn’t know the value of time started to realize its value when it started to effect there life just in a fraction of seconds.

All were missing the very precious clock and watches at that time which they didn’t give value before, but understood its importance in its absence. Yes it started to effect all who were not following it. All were lost within, without knowing what to do next. Slowly and slowly all started to realize the worth of time.

Seeing all this god though now it’s enough why to punish our own children giving them pain. It was nice that our god is so good and not like now a day’s man who didn’t care about any one and just think about himself and stopped the clock for ever… God just made all the clocks start again with an eyes blink and all were really happy to see the clock running with its speed but now seeing the clock all were realizing the importance of time. They realized ‘’time and tide wait for no men’’.

Somewhere, some were still sleeping without knowing gods plan or their clocks have stopped because till now there morning alarm have not rang…

***

