Bravo! India won and qualified for Semi-Final!

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is one of the happiest days after win over Bangladesh by one run earlier in the history of T20 World Cup Match that in spite of so much stress and strains India won the match against Australia to evening on 27th. March 2016 by 6 wickets – the match played between the two teams in Mohali Stadium – India Vs. Australia.

 Unbelievable Win! Amazing Win!

It so happened or truly speaking made happened when Virat Kohli came to bat. It is he who stood against all adverse situations and circumstances on the pitch as a hero and with firm determination and sheer confidence batted to the best possible level of performance accompanying MS Dhoni all along the difficult hours of play.

So enthusiastically Virat Kohli batted one after another over – so to say every ball that we Indians had a hope against a hope that we would win and would qualify for Semi – Final to be played against West Indies in Mumbai on 31st. March 2016.

Australia won the toss and chose to bat. They made 160 runs for the loss of six wickets.

 India started batting but the openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan were out. They did not perform satisfactorily. India lost two more wickets soon.

Now Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni were on the pitch and were struggling like anything to bring the losing match under their control by making four and sixers, the main idea was to reduce the higher run rates going up minute by minute.The match was full of suspense , so thrilling and exciting that people held their breath in watching to know what happened after what.

Now I give below the statistics of the last few overs:

 1. 39 runs in 18 balls

 2. 31 runs in 16 balls

 3. 20 runs in 12 balls

 4. Can India win?

 5. Hope against hope

 6. Now 20 runs in 11 balls

 7. 16 runs in 10 ball

 8. Now 12 runs in 9 balls

 9. Now 8 runs in 8 balls

 10. Now 8 runs in 7 balls

 11. Now 4 runs in 6 balls

 12. Now four runs in one ball

India won the match defeating Australia by 6 wickets. The stadium was house full. All the spectators present in the stadium were overwhelmed with joy with this unbelievable and unexpected win. All stood up and congratulated their “Hero of The Match” Virat Kohli who played excellently beyond one’s imagination and took India to Semi – Final ensuing match to be played on 31st. March 2016 in Mumbai.

Virat Kohali resembles with the word “Virat” which means “ The Virat Kohli – The Great”

 Even the captain Smith of the Australian cricket team who lost the match and disqualified for the Semi – Final appreciated Virat Kohli as follows:

 “ Nobody is there before the innings of Virat Kohali” he added with all his words of admiration he had had in his head and heart for Virat Kohli. Not only he but our captain MS Dhoni praised Virat Kohli for his excellent performance with sheer responsibility.

Undoubtedly Virat is Virat , no substitute of Virat, if any it is only Virat. Not this there are so many occasions when Virat appeared just like the bolt from the blue and saved the Indian team from the crises.

 Virat made 82 runs – not out, in 51 balls, made 2 jumbo sixers and 9 jet fours – thus out of these chouka and chhakka he scored 48 runs.

Let Virat live long and let his ability to excel in the game may continue for the years to come!

 Jai Hind!

###

 Writer: Durga Prasad

 PGD ( Journalism & Mass Communication )

 Dated 28th. March 2016 – 12.25 AM

