Article – An episode of realization.

Photo credit: 

 from 

To write about life and serving the philosophy doesn’t make me a poet, in fact to jot it all down practically I only have to be human. Life for me is a dying experience which we try to live each day. We are comparable and have a conscience which makes it even more terrible, the constant fear of lagging behind and the pressure to catch up made us envious and impatient. We develop a longing for things we don’t need and for what we have is never enough.

I am the large percentage of the world, who wishes to be like someone else. We are ready to compromise with our identities and our principles just for one particular reason, we are not happy! We hope for a better tomorrow but live same, each day. We are not hard worker, we are big dreamers, we bluff ourselves by igniting false hopes and our bar of hope gradually comes down as we lose to our laziness and incapability to work hard. We start living on excuses and at certain level inside us, we knew how much impotent we were for our dreams.

With millions of brain cells dying each year, let’s face it, we are losing to life. By now many of you might have developed an opinion about me, few may agree and for others I am just a pessimist and a sad human being. What makes me sad? The acceptance of what I have written or the hope of getting appreciation from everyone so that I feel superior?

We are a judgmental crowd and yet we are afraid of being judged,

 we love to get loved in return,

 we want sympathy when we are sad but we fight for dignity,

 we want to explore but we don’t want to walk,

 we want light but not willing to fight out the dark,

I agree to what Woody Allen once said ” Life is divided into miserable and horrible… ” but he also said “I am not afraid of death I just don’t want to be there when it happens”, so why does a nihilist pessimist wants to continue with his miserable life? I guess humans are confusing and life is a paradox, the only truth of life that I learnt is that it lies in your own hands, though everyone knows it the ones who chose to work hard makes their life better and others like me end up whining and envious of everything.

__END__

