What do we ultimately want today!? We want a healthy body, we want a secured future, we want a happy family, we want good friends, by all these means, we want HOPE! .. Hope is what it drives you everyday… every moment.. There was hope, when you were a little baby you kept falling down, you tried over and over again..but one day you were walking on your own!…

Hope has many forms, it is in the form of care when your mom is waiting for you to come home safe.. it is in the form of love when your friends were there when you needed them.. it is in the form of prayers in temples or churches.. the form of humanity when you act kind enough to strangers.. in your smile.. in your thoughts… in your words…in this very moment where you breathe a mouthful of air…

Can you believe that hope takes its form in nature as well ? when you see that one little rose bud shaking its head to see the morning sunshine, when the long green grass dancing in the wind, when you feel the breeze within your hair, when you smell the scent of fresh air….it just reminds me that quote of Albert Einstein: “Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.” It is in the very nature around us.. Hope……

But what happens when hope fails..??! when hope is destroyed by doubt,fear,hate,despair..?! when things get out of control ? we must truly believe that’s when hope takes the real form.. The form of courage to follow your heart and throw away others opinion… it reminds me Les brown, the famous motivational speaker’s quote : “someone’s opinion doesn’t have to be your reality” … you are human by nature, you make mistakes, you break promises, you give up easily, you hide your emotions, you may feel like everyone is pushing you away …. it tests your integrity.. it tests your dignity .. it tests you! The you! But…Relax …

Calm down for a moment…

 close your eyes

 now listen to the sound of your heart..

That’s when HOPE gets bigger and stronger to create an actual form.. the form of learning when you make mistakes, the form of faith when

you try not to give up, the form of challenges when you want to hide your emotions, in the form of gratefulness when you feel happy about what you still have when you don’t have a thing… you know only pain has the power to make you powerful both physically and mentally or even spiritually.. ….

So let the hope be in you.. in any form.. If you give enough space for it grow within you, it grows magically… It grows as a DREAM…a HERO within you..

 I had this quote pasted at my desk : CHOOSE TO SHINE! Yeah..Why do we whine, when there is a way to shine.. why do we cry, when we got wings to fly .. why do we hide away from pain, when we got fists to pull him down and punch him in the nose…

Life is melting every second. So you want to waste it or taste it ? and one last thing to end, your Smile can hide so much pain..keep smiling.. keep hoping.. the best is yet to come…..

Finally Moral  : remember two things : 1. You can’t wash your eyes with soap. 2. You can’t breathe when your tongue is out …

 Please put your tongue back inside.. . Be silly ..be fun !!

 Dot dot dot…

 –END–

 Raj..

