An Article – Found your pole star?

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was Diwali night. (Diwali is the indian festival of celebrating an event in history by burning crackers and fireworks.) The sky was glittering with sparkling colorful patterns.The sky wasn’t its usual black as it was embedded with shiny stars. Suddenly my eyes fell upon a star, much different from the others. It was small,white not glittering but yet one of its own kind! It didn’t disappear as the shiny ones do while twinkling .It wasn’t as big as the glossy ones , but still its presence was appreciably noticeable.

Yes..it was the pole star , stuck to the black sky..its permanent residence.Unlike the fireworks, this star doesn’t give out smoke or make crazy bombarding shrieks. It lies peacefully as if viewing everyone below and beside it. Its serenity and grace was mystical. I thought that even when this Diwali night would be over and the glitters will be no more seen in the sky, this pole star will still appear everyday in the black sky like a ray of hope in a gloomy life.

That set me thinking..doesn’t our life too resemble the black sky ?! We also have somebody in our life that plays the pole star and we also have many others who play the temporary shiny glitters . But all that glitters is not gold. These people make an entry in our lives only on happy occasions just like the fireworks appear only on bright festivals , shine upon our lives for sometime and then go the way they had come.These people may create an impression on our mind and heart but its never everlasting .

But the one who stands by us through the bright day as well as the dark night ;in other words all phases of life, is our true companion..our pole star. They never turn their back upon us even if we sometimes forget them by being blinded by the glittering false people. Every such fake person will one day lose its shiny cover , but the pole star will always maintain its serenity and permanency.

Remember that there will be many people who will be glittering liars in your life but just one and only one pole star.

 Recognize your pole star and have respect because it is the one who is making the sky look beautiful !

***

