Subject : 5th & Final ODI Match IND Vrs. NZ

 Occasion – DEEPAWALI

 5th. ODI Match between India & New Zealand

 Place – Vizag

 Date – 29th. October 2016, Day – Saturday.

 India won the toss and chose to bat.

 Major runs made by Indian Team:

 1. Rohit Sharma – 70

 2. Vibrate Kohli – 65

 3. Others – 134

 Total runs in 50 overs. 269

 NZ All out in 23-1 overs total runs – 79

 26.9 overs still left to bat.

 India won by 190 runs

 Amit Mishra 5/18 – Man of the match and man of the series as well.

 Virat Kohli – 358 runs in all 5 matches – Man of the series.

 MS Dhoni received the winning trophy.

 Just on the eve of grand Deewali festival this grand win proved to be an invaluable gift to all the people of the country and beyond that and the enthusiasm to celebrate the festival got multiplied like anything. The story as a fairy tale started from the good luck the moment MS Dhoni won the toss and the decision to bat first doubled the chances of winning the series inasmuch as both the teams were equally 2-2 and only the team who would be “ Mukaddar Ka Sikandar” was unknown to everyone as the cricket is a game of uncertainty even then with the last excellent performance by the Indian Team everyone was expecting India would come out as “Champion” in the long run and fortunately or by dint of superb play all round in the field, Indian Team didn’t disappoint us rather ensured the win from the opening of the match though Rehana left for the pavilion but Rohit Sharma scored very boldly 70 runs within the shortest possible time, the spectators enjoyed his surgical strikes, I too but before the TV.

 Then the warrior of the Indian Cricket Team “Virat Kohli” appeared just like the bolt from the blue with sheer confidence and made 65 runs very quickly. One by another came and contributed 135 runs including the extras and thus India were all out in 50 overs with the totality of 269 runs.

 Now NZ Team started batting. Luck didn’t favour – one after another all were out beyond one’s imagination. The reason that I assessed was either the NZ batsmen were nervous or our bowlers were attacking very hard with all his zeal in the right line & length. What I found all the players in the field either bowlers or fielders were dominating the batsmen from all corners the result of which all the NZ players left for the pavilions shortly, the team could make 79 runs only the lowest total runs in an innings in ODI ever since. The Team could not play all 50 overs available in their hand rather seized to 23.1 overs only leaving aside 26.9 overs yet to play.

 Whatever happened it so happened unexpectedly in cricket play. On the one hand the Indian team rejoiced the grand win enthusiastically, on the other the NZ team were very sad over this defeat what none could dream even.

 I am of the opinion though cricket is termed as the game of uncertainty, the winning team can lose and the defeating team can win, even then most of the factors are attributable to win or loss on team spirit, able captaincy, confident batting in right order, the bowling strategy and over and above well managed fielding. In view of the present match won by Indian Cricket Team I would like to opine as follows:

 6 things are key factors for this grand win:

 1. Able captaincy and sharp wicket keeping all along the match.

 2. Team Spirit

 3. Rohit Sharma 70 runs

 4. Virat Kohli 65 runs

 5. Amit Mishra 5 wickets in 18 runs & other excellent balling line and length.

 6. Overall the outstanding fielding no mistake in catching and watching

 It was their firm determination that all the players would perform their duty efficiently & effectively at their posts. Everyone did it and ultimately India won the series 3-2 against New Zealand.

 Congratulation to one and all who made the dream of the Indian true and kept the Indian flag at the top of ICC Ranking

 Wish a happy Deewali/ Deepavali to all lovers of SPORTS & Games!

 Writer: Durga Prasad Dated 29th. Oct.16 Saturday

