A girl who was confident and was living happily in the beautiful city named Mumbai…Yes Our Aamchii Mumbai.

The city which never sleeps, a lot of people come to this place with a lot of hopes and between all the hustle bustle this confident girl was able to find what makes her happy, it was like that a butterfly coming out of the cocoon. The smile used to outshine in her eyes, she was proud of herself. The city made her feel so, the independence, that confidence in her was not stopping her to move ahead in Life. She was turning strong to face the reality of life, she was able to find the people around her are fake or not. The bit arrogant girl was turning into simple and fun-loving girl who used to love sitting on the side of Sea and that fresh air made her feel that she has to fly a long way.

As it is rightly said; HAPPINESS DOESN’T STAY FOR LONGER TIME PERIOD….!!! LIFE IS INCOMPLETE WITHOUT HURDLES.

As i mentioned earlier she was strong enough to face the hurdles because every time she came across the problem, she faced it boldly and turn out to be more strong and confident.

This time she didn’t knew it that whether she will be able to out stand that problem or she will breakdown.

I have always identified around me that people are not ready to accept the reality because as per them society wont let them accept the reality, have you ever realized that why things are blamed over society because the problem has started from our own place where we feel more secure, everything has a way out and whether you agree or not,but this SOCIETAL PROBLEM has been give birth by our own families , our parents. They feel difficult to accept the reality so they have started blaming the society by phrasing it as ”LOG KYA KAHENGE’

In the modern era, in the 21st century people are less concerned about their own kids, but they are more concerned about the society. This societal pressure was not letting this strong girl to get up and face the issue.

The issue is there in every second house either by a girl or boy because of some or the other family member or relative which has earned all the respect but somewhere he has its own reality which is being just shown to that person of whom he just want to take advantage and makes sure that the society does not believe that person and he does not lose his respect at all.

So this girl lost all her confidence when she came across the sexual abuse by that person whom she respected a lot since childhood. The girl was forced to get physical with him, the person was of the age of the girl’s grandfather and at such age when the person believes in peace, worship the god, that man was looking out for the ways just to get a glimpse of her.

That touch scares her till date, the touch which made her numb that very day, the arrogance which was gone, came back within fraction of seconds. She was alone to face the problem, very soon the hustle bustle which was not less than a tune of some song for her turn out to be a noise which started annoying her.

WHAT HAPPENED NEXT is not which cannot be expected , he still gets that respect, he still goes and visit her family and he had that guts to say that he did not do anything.

Why every girl or Boy goes through this situation has no choice of making this problem as part of their for life long, When a boy come across such situation and if he tends to share his problem with anybody he has to ignore it and not to say anything because he is a guy and no body will trust him. If a Girl or a married woman come across such situation either in her family or In-laws than she is told that you might have allowed or tempted the other person to do that.

Why Society does not understand that such people has to loose their dignity where as because of the societal pressure the people who goes through such trauma, pain lose themselves.

A request to all Women and Men out there that please take your stand and face the world , every person is this world is beautiful and deserve to get respected. Societal pressure will just make you lose the real you.

Identify yourself and move ahead, love yourself ; sometimes the belief in you will take you forward..!!!

–END–

