Article on Mumbai Gang rape – “SAFETY OF OUR WOMEN”

Photo credit: 

 from 

In recent days, we have heard numerous stories and shocking news regarding women assault and not to mention rising number of rape cases in our society. It is devastating for not only the person and her family, but also for the nation itself and society as a whole. It is high time that we as a society should take good look at ourselves and consult each other why these brutal attacks on women are rising dramatically in our society. Therefore, what we as a society and individuals should do to tackle this ever rising scenario of female confrontation by the handful of bad apples in our society.

The recent Mumbai gang rape of photojournalist has shocked India and the world. Women’s safety and fundamental rights has been severely damaged by some handful of horny and illiterate men, who are targeting females in society with absolutely no fear of law and order in the nation. India has become the rape land of the world, which is evident from recent shocking news of rapes, assaults and lack of safety for women.  An American student who recently brought her experience through media has said, “ India is travellers paradise, but women’s hell” , which clearly pointing out that law and order of our country is pathetic and is becoming weaker as the days progressing.

This ever-changing challenging environment for women is becoming a sickness for the country itself on international platform.  It is becoming even worse for people who call themselves Proud Indians in different parts of the world, while they are undertaking professional studies, or are in a workforce as NRI’s around the globe. We believe that it brings shame to the every Individual who ever belongs or still belongs to India in any way, either through roots of family or other means.  It makes educated and sincere people looks like victims too, due to inhumane and unacceptable actions taken by these handful of minorities who are disrespecting and thrashing women on daily basis either in public or behind closed doors.

It is high time that we individuals and as a society should take matters in our hands, if they are not listened to and taken into serious actions by the government. As it is our birthright to protect ourselves and give a punching answer to those culprits in the society. I would recommend reciprocation for those culprits, which means if they assault women then their names, identities, families, should be exposed to the whole world, and they should be ashamed and named on world media in collaboration with Indian media, such as, CNN-IBN. In addition, these people should be put behind the bars for maximum sentence. Only these steps will make our country and world as a whole safe for females living in our societies.

 

