Social Article – A Tribute To Sister Nirmala Joshi

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sister Nirmala Joshi didn’t marry in life as she decided to serve the needy boys and girls who had none to look after. When she was a student of the missionary school namely Mount Carmel in Hazaribagh in Bihar state (Now Jharkhand state) and most probably on visit of Mother Teresa she was so influenced and impressed by her for so called dedication of her whole life for the cause of humanity through the Missionary of Charity that she established in Calcutta (Now Kolkata), West Bengal, India in 1950 that she made up her mind to join hand to hand her Missionary of Charity in Kolkata.

A moment came in her life that she accepted Catholicism and joined hands in hands Mother Teresa’s Missionary of Charity, Kolkata. West Bengal, India.

She was the first issue of her parents amongst 7 younger sisters and 2 younger brothers.

She was born on 23rd. July 1934 in Nepal in a Hindu Brahmin family. Her father was a senior army officer in British Regime and after independence on 15th. August 1947, he was posted to BMP – I as Assistant Commandant in Ranchi and after a few years he was transferred to BMP – III, Gobindpur, Dhanbad district, Bihar (Now Jharkhand) where the Joshi family lived for a pretty long period and where her younger sisters and brothers were born, brought up and educated primarily up to secondary levels of academy.

Since her younger sisters Savitri Joshi, Manju Joshi, Shanta Joshi and Kanta Joshi were the students of Basic School, Gobindpur and I was too, I came in contact with Joshi family.

I was fortunate enough to see Kusum Joshi (Who became Sister Nirmala Joshi later on) and under whose name Nirmala Leprosy Charitable hospital was set up in Gobindpur by the Missionary of Charity after she was closely associated and deeply involved with Mother Teresa’s in Kolkata for the cause of humanity.

Whenever she came to Gobindpur to see her family, she was always in the Nun’s apron/dress in white sari and blouse like that of Mother Teresa.

She was highly educated. She was an MA in political science. In addition she obtained other degrees from Calcutta University.

 After the death of Mother Teresa, the Nobel Laureate in 1997 she was elected to succeed Mother Teresa as Superior General of the Missionary of Charity, Kolkata and she held this post till 25th. March 2009 when German born Sister Mary Prema Pericle took over the charge from her.

Sister Nirmala worked continuously for more than 13 years in this post and during the tenure of her service she spread the mission and messages of the charity all over the world and set up its branches wherever necessary for the cause of humanity.

For her outstanding services to the nation she was bestowed the second highest civilian award “Padmvibhushan” on the auspicious day of 26th. January 2009 by the President of India.

 Sister Nirmala Joshi breathed her last on 23rd. June 2015 in Kolkata.

She proved that a man doesn’t live in years but lives in deeds by her sheer dedication for humanitarian causes.

 She is no more but hers will be remembered for the years to come.

A sincere tribute to her by all of us for her sacrifice for the cause of humanity!

###

 Durga Prasad. Advocate, Sociologist, Journalist – Dated 1st. Sept. 16

