Love what does it mean. It speaks many volumes to one person it could mean happiness to another it could just be a word that doesn’t mean anything a fragment of nothing that truly doesn’t exist. Life we all live one but for what purpose. For some it is to make a better future for others it’s a curse a thing given to them that they never asked for but are almost forced to take it. Why are we all put on this earth? Well for some it can be a blessing with good fortune others it’s a curse forced to walk it never having a purpose or a place. Defining these things and making up your mind on which side of the table you are on can ultimately give you a greater outcome.

Well for these on the light purpose full side they have a future. They have a goal which most of them ultimately achieve something to work for. With that purpose every mile stone that is passed every opportunity is something to push them forward and keep them going to reach that goal. They live life they cherish it believing in the grace of a bright future full of potential.

But those who walk the dark path the one of despair and solitude those are the people that suffer the most. They are the ones who always look at everything with a bleak sense of an outcome. They are the ones that always are expecting the worst to happen ultimately waiting for their fears to grasp them and become reality.

Everyone one weather you walk on the light or the dark path in the world always have nightmares, demons. When those demons get to hard to hold too hard to handle they take over gripping that person with fear it tears them apart and it could ruin their life. But some face their demons overcome them push them aside and don’t let them consume them they thrive and survive.

But why is the world so bleak to some. Well many things could make this an ultimatum for them their past their childhood. Something as small as a fight as a kid could scare someone for life and change the person they may have become had that not happened. A theory the butterfly effect something as small as a flap of a butterfly’s wings could ultimately cause an earth quake. One small thing in one’s life could ultimately have an impact on the way their entire future pans out.

Sometimes to figure out who you are you must go inside and look at your demons and try to face them battle it out and come to a resolve. We all come from different walks of life all have our own stories to tell. But when does it all become too much how do we know when we have reached our limit. Everyone has their own threshold some stronger willed that others who can push beyond and go further than it may have been believed possible.

Everything we do can affect our self in some way there is always that one opportunity that we all get and don’t take. That trip we should have taken, that one true love that we could have had but didn’t take. That friend who over time we eventually cut off from don’t talk to and basically ignore. You can never tell what someone is going through just by looking at them. Appearances can be deceiving just because someone seems happy on the outside doesn’t mean that every night before they go to bed they don’t have to battle demons.

We all strive for the good life and everyone has their own interpretation of the good life for one person it could be fame while others it could be money good fortune love or even just to be happy. So then why is the world so cruel if we all walk our own paths in life why does everyone think they have the right to judge people based off their beliefs. Just because one person feels one way about a situation doesn’t mean that everyone does but forcing your opinion doesn’t always solve every problem.

We all come from different backgrounds so why must the world always be so judgemental why do people always have to be judged off their past. We all make mistakes but isn’t that part of life isn’t life supposed to be making decisions weather they are good or bad ones we should all be able to try. If no one ever made mistakes we wouldn’t be human. that’s what makes us human the decision we make in life and the lesson we learn based off them decisions.

So, when we see people why can’t we put our own self aside and try to put our self in that person’s shoes and try to understand and see life from their eyes. Maybe then we could see why this person may react differently than everyone else because of their own experience. But the world and all the people on it are falling head first into a never-ending pit that never stop never ends it just keeps going. Money greed power too many people are given these things and it gets to their head. As the value of money decreases technology advances we are becoming dumb.

What is the worst part we make movies we see where the future is going but not only do we see where it is going but we are blindly head straight for it. When the time comes though and that future that may just be a movie now but when it does happen and we reach our destination what happens then. So, when you see that person that one man that women that child always remember this is another living being on this earth just as you are.

So instead of letting a person fall into darkness where their demons take a hold and control them. Take a little time try to help be that person who helped and pulled them out of the dark showed them the light that there is a better place. Think about the decisions your making in your life and try to make the best of what life has granted you just be grateful for the chances you have been given. And to that fellow person who is in the dark know that no matter where you are there is always someone out there who is there for you someone who does care.

Even as a stranger who you don’t know or who doesn’t know if you will read this know that I care I don’t like where the world is going and I’m in a dark place myself but to spread my message to let you know that you are not alone there are others who feel the way you do. Know that there is always a bright future don’t let that voice in your head that tells you it will never be better get the best of you because life is wonderful. There is so much in the world to explore so much that you could see do so much rich history and who knows who you might be a future leader a doctor lawyer a person who does good for the world.

So, know to anyone who reads this that I love you because you are all special in your own unique beautiful way. It breaks my heart to see that person who never got to live a long life because they lost faith or where pushed off the edge because others forced their opinion on others and called them an outcast a nerd. And to those who are writing these things letting that potential great flower that just hasn’t blossomed yet die by your actions your words try to put yourself in their shoes. Would you wanted to be treated that way just try to look beyond yourself and don’t bully that one kid call him a nerd an outcast just think how you would feel if the last thing you wrote that hate message. The one that pushed someone over and to have to live yourself knowing that things could have been different.

–END–

