To those who have done me wrong listen up this ones for you.  What you did to me my friend makes you worse off then you know, cause if I were you I’d rather be friends with me then foe.                                                                                 God don’t like ugly, as the saying goes, God don’t like ugly and you are more ugly than you know. You took things away from me that ment so very much, you took away my dreams you pulled them out of touch. You all know who you are so don’t try to turn away, because I’ll be handing down your verdict on your judgement day.

To do me wrong was stupid kinda crazy in a way, collection day is coming and its now your turn to pay. My happiness is coming, yours has turned to fear, never will your heart feel love all you’ll know is tears, because the second you think it’s all alright it’ll all become unclear. Because you did me dirty, now that an awful sin, because you tried to make me fail i will always win, because you tried to hold me down my strength  it grew within. When you turned your back on me i smiled and i grinned, that may seem real odd to you but little do you know that i will always end up on top while you struggle down below.

The ones you think love you will soon all disappear, the ones you always turned to soon will all not be there. The world you know around you, crumbles. You shouldn’t cry about it tho you shouldn’t shed a tear you shouldn’t be at all upset, because no one really cares. They will all see the truth, the truth that lies within, the ugliness inside of you, you can’t hold it in. All the pain I’ve felt inside it haunts me yes its true but all the pain you caused for me will all come back to you. When that day comes cause what I say is true, you’ll fall to your knees and ask the lord why this had to happened to you just remember what I say cause I’m not here to lie. Because of what you’ve done to me all those times before, because of what you did to me your crying on the floor. Your heart will never heal from this in the end you’ll be alone. Because of all the pain you caused your true colors you have shown, and now that it’s all said and done i hope you know its true that when you stop and turn around all you got is you.

–END–

