Article – The Realization of Life

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rains of

 have struck the city all over again, and what more can I do? Yes! I have locked myself in. Contradicting the thoughts of others I actually love the rains of Mumbai the reason being that it gives me the apt time for myself. This city has given me everything; it has given me job, fame, ambition everything that a young ambitious women can ask for but at the cost of ? Well, till date I don’t have an answer to it. At this hour loneliness gives altogether a different dimension to life when compared to my erstwhile days when loneliness meant nothing more than scary ghosts who sooner or later would love scaring me :)……. each and every lonely hour that I spent along with myself pulls me deep down in my memory lane so that I can search the answers for all the questions that have congregated in my mind in these many years. I am pretty sure all of us do that maybe sooner or later. Just after we come out from our colorful teenage years and step into the cruel world we start accumulating so many vivid questions in our mind but alas! finding answers to

 questions is a difficult task.

 When I come back from work I prepare a coffee for myself and love to make myself comfortable in my balcony which overlooks a busy road of Mumbai. What I am seeing at the present time is not distinct from what I see everyday but rain and loneliness have played their role and I have put on my thinking, better described 

 cap on. Do these people actually enjoy this busy life. I mean, I still cant believe what life was 20 years back and what it is now. 20-25 years back no overtime, no competitive work attitude, people were in a habit to suffice with whatever they earned. Life was so simple those days, our parents used to have ample time for us and the kids of today, they literally see their parents only during the weekends because of the busy corporate life of their parents.

Its 7:00 pm and still it is raining  but the rain was not able to batter the spirit of  Mumbai people all geared up are running, running for what I doubt whether they themselves would have an answer to it fame, money, love, family, security nothing seems to suffice us. Have we actually forgotten as to what we actually desire in life?…..do ask this question to yourself. My friend Ashish works 12-16 hours a day and states a very simple reason to justify his this act that he works for his family but does he realize what are the needs of his family, has he ever contemplated that he has still kept a large undiscovered side of himself for his family….most of us are like Ashish we actually start juggling all our needs and at the end satisfying none and I am no different.

At present the routine question that I question myself everyday is that what is my saturation point and when will I achieve it or whether I have achieved it????……I hope to get an answer to it ASAP and also hope the same for the people like me who are running behind an undestined goal.

__END__

