Article on Relationship –  Absence Makes Heart Grow Fonder

Absence Makes Heart Grow Fonder – Article on Relationship

Photo credit: 

 from 

Why being apart is sometimes better in relationships?

It’s an unusual question. A humble effort to find out the ‘Why’.

We always try to understand relationships. They have always been the object of our incomprehension. How much can you stretch? What are its limitations? What are you expected to do and how much can you expect? What to give and what to take?

Why do we get separated from the people we are always dying to meet? Even after being so close, even having blood ties with some, you still are forced to live apart, hundreds and thousands of kilometers apart…

After a lot of thought and churning them again and again for years and yeah, have we forgot to mention the countless books and articles we come across to understand relationships? Sometime or other we all read them to discover new dimensions of understanding – new perspectives of being together. We know that we are students of life and relationships are a great way to learn and understand others, or, shall we say a great way to understand ourselves??? I think the latter is more appropriate.

Sooner than later we realize that being apart is rather more important than being with the person. Haven’t you observed by being apart you are more considerable to things and situations as you know that you don’t have direct control on the situations? You tend to listen patiently and try to understand the situation. May be if we weren’t apart you would have tried to control the situation and life of the loved one and that might have aggravated the problem or might have resulted in widening the gap between hearts.

Possible, isn’t it? Is it not shown in all the daily soaps – always fighting on petty issues?

When you are far away from the person, you look at things like a spectator from a distance; in turn you also become a little indifferent. Doesn’t this happen in our everyday life when we see an accident on the road or an incident of road rage, how many of us do really go to sort out the matter, to help or to pacify? Deep down, we all know the answer.

No matter how much you try to discard it, but it still remains the truth. Isn’t it the same truth which ‘Bhagwad Gita’ tries to teach us, of being detached even when being in a relation with another?

Or may be God wants us to realize and learn through our own exclusive experience?

__END__

