As opposed to what you might think, a film is not just mere entertainment. In fact, it equips us with knowledge that may change the way in which we understand the world. We are seldom aware of the power that a film holds: it inspires, enlightens and even at times enrages us. Although certain facts may seem uninteresting, presented in the frame of a film, these very films can increase awareness, bridge differences while also having the power to create prejudice.

The ability of film to invoke strong emotions from a worldwide audience is seen time and again through successful film phenomenon. These films grab our attention and never let go which comes in handy in highlighting issues which do not get their due coverage. Films use a subtle approach towards a subject that catches the audience’s attention and turns it towards matters which were previously, upon being watched, considered mundane. The film ‘The King’s Speech’ chronicles one man’s struggle with stuttering. Both local and national groups working with individuals who stutter acknowledge that this film has indeed raised the public awareness for the disorder and even empowered those who stutter. In this way, this film has changed the way in which we view the world.

More often than not, films are created in such a way that they paint illusions in our mind. The audience fall under the misconception that everything is really simple ion life as films fictionalize the real world. The difficulties and hardships faced by people in their everyday life are toned down considerably and everything is ended ‘happily ever after’. The common action and romance movies are perfect examples that films can shape the way we understand the world.

A film plays an integral role in helping the audience to connect with humanity and this connection in turn fuels change. Documentaries contribute a lot to this connection by reassociating people with their forgotten past. As they watch these films they come to realise exactly how much they have overlooked and this helps to develop a newfound love and respect about many aspects in life. The documentary based on the ‘War of Independence’ moved many hearts and led to people viewing their nation with a different set of mind hence the film helped them alter the way they understand the world.

While all this may be true, many people argue against the fact that films can shape the way we understand the world. They believe that films just provide amusement for their viewers who watch them with a rational mind. They refuse to acknowledge that a little exposure to films can change perspectives no matter how much limited exposure the public receives for these. Films do more than just change people’s opinions; they also inspire audiences to take concrete action – to actually do something.

–END–

