Article – Strange Ancient Era for Modern Life.

Photo credit: 

 from 

Our today’s life style is drowning us towards loneliness, depression and last but not the least to exhaustion of our body (Physical illness) childhood is being losing its grip among immense untapped responsibilities and early life account abilities of not delivering as per the world’s expectation.

We always used to say that the time has drastically changed today compare to our ancestor’s era. But if we comprehensively look we may find that nothing has changed but to our perception of circumstances. In Ancient era, the Raja of specific territory used to strategic his vision and the mission to meet their goal, wherein his loyalty towards his PRAJA, fidelity with neighbouring RAJAS and his true socialism used to help him. Most importantly, the mobilization of his troop to take defensive and offensive stand against external threats to secure his region depends on these qualities.

Likewise today, although the Raja Maharaja’s trend have been elapsed but every leading man of its family is still playing the role of Raja in his specific territory or family. But now we have been more centered to our amusement and putting our weighted impression on other showing our material possession of anything which ultimately leads us to self-destruction. Indulging our self more in amusement and show off is drowning us away from the main principle of life are Loyalty, Fidelity and true socialism which gives us inner peace, self-confidence and power to face any external threat. Due to the absence of these qualities we have been pushed to feel loneliness, absence of peace in life, lack of confidence in our self to face any external threat and moreover the physical inability to save our self.

Therefore we are in urgent need to inculcate even a bit from our rich culture,  the true meaning of appreciation and gratitude, the way of life we were in, meaning of loyalty, fidelity and our socialism to bring back the day of happiness.

###

