Article on 10th. May – World Mother’s Day

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Every celebration that we celebrate enthusiastically with a purpose or goal or mission all over the world is reckoned as “World Day.” The date or day is already fixed and all the people of the world know it very well and celebrate it as a remarkable day/date to commemorate something else that is very important in the right sense of the term.

Like so many such important and auspicious days/dates that we celebrate internationally Mothers’ Day is one of them.

Every auspicious occasion that we celebrate together bears a historic base and as such Mother’s Day too.

 Social activist Anna Jervis (1864-1948) of Philadelphia is considered as an original inspiration who came up with the idea for Mother’s Day for the first time at the beginning of the 20th. century as a sort of tribute to her mother. As such on May 10 , 1908 the first mother’s Day was celebrated when she dispatched 500 carnations to Andrews Methodist Episcopal Church being her mother’s church in Grafton, W. Va. and it was reckoned & designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1992.

This remarkable event was so responsive that the President Woodrow Wilson was pleased to sign a “Proclamation.” on this issue on May 9, 1914, declaring the second Sunday of May “A Public expression of our love and reverence for the mothers Of our country.”

The modern American holiday of mother’s Day was first celebrated in 1908 when Anne Jarvis held a memorial for her mother in Grafton in West Virginia. The United States began it enthusiastically in 1905 the year her beloved mother Ann Reeves passed away. Anna Jervis’s mission was to honour her own mother by continuing work she had started and to fix a day/date to honour all mothers, the persons who have done much more than anyone else for their children.

Virtually a campaign was made to recognise Mother’s Day as a local holiday. In her home state in 1914 Woodrow Wilson signed the proclamation creating Mother’s Day, the second Sunday in May as a national holiday to honour all mothers.

With its immense popularity that it gained over a few years all over the world particularly in the United States by early in 1920s some commercial companies like Hallmark and some others started selling Mother’s Day Greeting Cards which was opposed and an idea behind its pious celebration was issued

 to appreciate and honour mothers using personal letters in own handwriting expressing love and gratitude in the right perspective , not to commercialize it for profit in any way.

People took the very purpose of this pious day/date very seriously and adhered to its mission in the real sense of the term. It proved a landmark in the history as gave birth to an ideal idea to pay due respect, due regard and due honour by their so called children – sons and daughters to their mothers of all the countries of the world.

Different countries of the world celebrate it as Mother’s Day on different dates/days as per their convenience, culture and tradition and as per the will of the people at large but the theme and mission of celebrating remaining the same.

I am of the opinion it is the mother only who is believed to be superior to God. It is first and foremost duty of everyone to love, respect and honour his or her mother what they expect from and take

 of her properly as they deserve.

***

 Writer : Durga Prasad, MA (LSW), MA(HR), PDG(JMC), BL

 Dated 10th. May 15, Sunday , Time 4.30 AM

 (A special tribute in honor of all mothers of the world … !)

 ***

