Article – The Anticipation Of Karma

Have you guys ever been in that situation where you dumped someone for a silly reason, fell in love with that same person later, cried nights for them and at the end realized that mistake to be a boon in disguise? I am sure many have. But, have you guys ever had an added on to that? Like, what if, that guy you broke up with is long gone,claimed to be an as##ole by everyone you know, you have moved on too and  are in a much better relationship now, where you love and respect the person a lot and vice versa.. But, one fine evening while you both are having a wonderful time together, you just realise that its the same time of the year last time, when you left that person. And even if it is for good, you realise that karma has always been a bloody bi##h, and maybe the same thing is gonna come back to you this time? and maybe, just maybe, same time of the year..

This was just the foreplay.. you know what happens after that? fear seeps in slowly into your mind, clogs the grey matter in your brain, paralyzes your entire body emotionally and keeps on repeating itself in your mind, like a broken record.. Although you aren’t sure that its gonna happen, you keep on waiting for it, like an unwanted guest, who you don’t want to come, but know is going to come eventually. Its like those trains in the subway who you wait for anxiously, which don’t arrive in the expected time but arrives suddenly leaving you completely unprepared to deal with the hustle and bustle..

Fear exists because love exists. Karma exists and works because emotions exist strongly. No matter how much you love a person questions keep on arising in your mind. And slowly, those questions turn into demands of answer, which we never get. So finally, the only thing we are left with, is rage. Rage, so strong yet unknown that they make the person go through the exact same thing that the person made you go through..

Ever tried thinking how it feels like to anticipate that karma? Try it..

###

