Article on David Warner- Eliminator The Great !

Photo credit: 

 from 

The bat that you hold so tightly, the bat that you hit so strongly, that you push so confidently – that you run in between so enthusiastically is more than a magical wand. Unbelievable! Incomparable! Amazing!

 You concentrate on the ball that is bowled and we concentrate on you how you hit and make runs so quickly one after another and how you lead the team to win the match even in an adverse and odd situation.

 You are the captain of the captains, you are the leader of the leaders, you are the rarest of the rare while on crease or in the border line as a fielder or outside of the field as a spectator. We watch and stare at your face that shines like that of the hero of the play, your lips that whispers in smile like that of the guide. Your tongue that remains inside, your eyes that spark that of the cat and your mind that guesses where and how the ball drops to bat successfully all around.

 Let us recollect your historic win as the winning eliminator over Kolkata Knight Riders on 25th. May 2016 by 22 runs.

 KKR won the toss and chose fielding. Huge crowd inside the stadium! A large number of your supporters wishing you to eliminate and win for the next match with GL on 27th. May 16!

 Your team was to bat first and score a gigantic total in order to ensure the elimination but man proposes whereas God disposes, you were dismissed suddenly by a teenager you never thought of and left for the pavilion in sorrow and anger at merely 28 runs in 28 balls after Sikhar Dhawan’s dismissal at only 10 runs in 10 balls. We noticed your face that was quite annoyed but hopeful to win at last. It is nothing but a conversation between you and one and all concerned. When David warner left the crease, SRH was 73 for 3.

 The score and runs made by the players are as follows:

 David Warner bowled Kuldeep 28 runs in 28 balls.

 Shikhar Dhawan bowled Morkel 10 runs in 10 balls.

 Henrics caught,bowled Kuldeep 31 runs in 21 balls.

 Yuvraj Singh bowled Holder 44 runs in 30 balls.

 Deepak Hooda run out 21 runs in 13 balls.

 Cutting stumped out by Uthappa o in 1 ball.

 Naman Ojha caught Uthappa, bowled Holder 7 runs in 9 balls.

 Bhuneshwar caught Pandey, bowled Morkel 1 run in 2 balls.

 Bipul Sharma not out 14 runs in 6 balls.

 Seran not out no run.

 Extra runs 6 – Total score 162 in 8 wicket.

 It was David Warner who was satisfied with this score and made up his mind to restrict KKR within 150. He planned wisely and discussed every pros and cons of the strategy as to how restrict making of runs particularly by fours and sixes on the batsmen like Gautam Gambhir, Uthappa, Manish Pandey, Colin Munro and Yusuf Pathan.

 He asked the fielders to field tightly, no ball to go for four, in no case catches to be dropped.

 It was the able guidance and captaincy that David Warner stopped the rise in average run per over, had a better control all round the field so as to no ball was misfielded.

 Every one played very effectively and efficiently the result of which KKR could not be successful in chasing 162 runs in 20 overs. They could made only 140 runs in 20 overs by 8 wickets.

 Six catches were successfully taken one by another and Uthappa, Gautam Gambhir, Manish Pandey, Yusuf Pathan, Yadav and Holder were caught and dismissed one by one with poor performance. In cricket game there is a popular proverb – “Matches by Catches.” This proverb is proved true in the real sense of the term.

 The spectators whosoever irrespective of ages and gender witnessed this exiting and thrilling match with holding their breath inside the stadium and outside of it on electronic media. Every one watching this match was inspired by the captaincy of David Warner and the “Team Spirit” of all the players with one aim to defeat the opponent at any cost.

 The Team all along the whole play exerted utmost, fought bravely and lastly dismissed the players of KKR merely within 140 runs. This play was unique of its kind and taught a lesson to those who are disheartened in an odd and adverse situation and fail in mission.

 It is no exaggeration to say that it is David Warner and his outstanding captaincy that paved the way to be finalist in the match to be played on 27th. May 2016 with Gujrat Lions.

 Do hope and believe David warner will come out successful here also in the ensuing match and once again will prove his outstanding captaincy to be finalist.

 Let us salute him and wish him all success in the days to come.

 #-#-#-

 Writer: Durga Prasad. Advocate, Author and Journalist.

 Dated: 26th. May 2016, Govindpur, Dhanbad ( Jharkhand )

