They say there is a way to get out but it is not true always, its the wall which is the barrier to every way. I tried my level best to get out to observe my emotions but still this wall of negative emotions made me prison. When you are dead from inside and nothing from inside can wake you up then you will understand that it is the wall which don’t want you to wake up. Question is what can really motivate you : this is the mind which needs to learn to grow and become stronger otherwise this wall will never broke. You have to search deep down to understand this wall and think harder why this wall of prison is standing whether its to make you suffer or something really bad is there beyond that. So this mind need to think deeper and beyond before this wall not let you see beyond it as these walls keep on coming closer and only mind can save you in getting outside these walls. Every solution is within you and you keep on thinking about outside.

Its not outside and it never was so go deeper and dig down and make huge list what is going wrong and write down how the wall looks like of negative emotions. If the wall of negative emotions can be broken then you can achieve what you always wanted to achieve because then you will achieve real happiness. Go beyond the wall and I know its easy.

IT WAS JUST THE BEGINNING TO UNDERSTAND THE WALL AND THERE IS MORE TO COME.

Beginning of the wall didn’t stopped there, as the wall became bigger after understanding the wall too. I took complete note about the wall and tried to use the hammer on the wall but wall had no affect as hammer was out of the wall so I tried to enter outside the wall and I was standing in more walls it was like various small walls but there was no one there. The voice was coming from somewhere that I have been waiting for you I know why you came here to find more about the journey of walls. Yes, I know it has been long journey for you and I am the creator of these walls and you are standing in the walls which people of this world have made but you are out of your wall.

