Books on “How to get success in life”, classes on “Art of living” and seminars in the name of “Positive energy” are increasing day by day all around the world.The statistics are proving that those books, classes and seminars are very much successful. People are not even concerned how much they are paying for all these stress management courses which makes me quite confused. Are all the people in the world are stressed out? What makes all stressed out? Are they really getting benefit from these things? and Do these things tells something new?

I can’t say the answer for first two questions but I am trying to communicate my view points on the last two questions. I haven’t seen anybody who got positive energy and become successful in life through these books seminars or art of living classes. The only people who became successful due to these are the persons who organize and present the events. If you listen carefully you can understand that none of these tells anything new. They are simply narrating the stories of successful men who fought against the odds of their life and reach their concern dignified positions. In between they quote the words of great men or passages from some famous literary works. They speak about Vedas, Quran and Bible as if they had written all these.

Definitely, I, agree that sometimes even a single word can inspire people like nothing else and a person who can handle words nicely will create a magical impact. But if you want to be successful, you should decide to face all challenges bravely. Nothing can change you other than you yourself. For instance, Buddha once said that “Expectations are the reason for sadness.” It is already known for us. The so-called “positive thinkers” ask us not to expect any thing from others and do your work. But do we really follow their advice? There lies the problem. Everyone can give you advice and tell you stories but victory is ultimately in your hands.  Take the decision and fly high. Why are you wasting your time in all these so called”success mantra”? Just imagine if all these had any use people would have been decreasing rather than increasing.

Everyone will easily get success stories in your finger tips without much efforts. Go through it if you are really in need of something to read. All these people who try to teach us how to live is actually making our life complicated. They make us feel all these are needed to live in this world. Last but not least the heroes of their stories had never been to the class of “Art of living.”

–END–

