Article on David Warner- The Captain With A Difference

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once upon a time Napoleon Bonaparte said , “ Impossibility is found in fool’s dictionary.” Today Davit Warner characterised it by taking his team to the final by defeating Gujrat Lines by 4 wickets in an adverse situation when his six players were out merely at the total of 117 runs. At that time David Warner was playing at 73 runs in 45 balls. Only 26 balls were left out to bowl and SRH had to make 46 runs to win the match in order to qualify for the final to be played in Bangalore on 29th. May 16 on Sunday with the finalist RCB.

 Sikhar Dhawan, Moises Henrique, Yuvraj Singh, Hooda, Ben Cutting – all six batsmen left for pavilion one after another.

 After the quick dismissal of the five players Naman Ojha joined him as partner but he stayed on the crease only for a short time and was dismissed when he was playing at 10 runs. The total runs made by the team till that time was merely 117 for 6 wickets and David Warner was playing at 73 runs in 45 balls. It was a Herculean task for him to fight in making 46 runs in merely 26 balls. On the one hand he had to prove his captaincy, on the other he had to guide his partner B. Sharma who had joined him just after the dismissal of Naman Ojha. In the last battle with KKR he had noticed the ability of a batsman with strong will power in B. Sharma and as such he was hopeful that he would accompany him and stand by as firm pillar at that crucial moment.

 David Warner was well aware of the fact, in case even an error was committed in batting, he would be of nowhere. He batted confidently all along the play till the last 1 run he made by running to win over. He kept cool and concentrated on only one thing and that was how to reduce the gigantic total of runs per over to the maximum by batting four and six carefully on loose balls as and when required.

 When Davit Warner was at 74 in 48 balls, B. Sharma was at merely 11 in 5 balls. At this stage 35 runs were needed in merely 20 balls which appeared to be a Herculean task to make as the GL bowlers and fielders were attacking from all corners and angles and Suresh Raina the captain of GL was adamant to oust David Warner by hook or crook at any cost. He was pressurising the bowlers to use all possible techniques and policy to dismiss David Warner but in vain. David Warner was very strong from within his mind and by playing face to face with all bowlers was aware of their tricks. He was very careful and cautious while on the crease. Sometimes he avoided single run as he didn’t want to take any risk further as done earlier.

 When he was 75 in 51 balls, the total runs made was 139 by 6 wickets. 2 overs were remaining to bowl – means only 12 balls to bat whereas 24 runs were to be made to win – means 12 runs per over. It appeared to be very difficult one to make 12 runs per over but David Warner didn’t lose heart rather roared like a hungry lion and made fours, twos, ones and even six one after another as follows:

 1.12 balls 24 runs.

 2.11 balls 20 runs. ( Here four runs made )

 3.10 balls 18 runs. ( Here 2 runs taken very quickly )

 4.9 balls 16 runs. ( Here 2 runs taken very quickly )

 5.8 balls 12 runs. ( Here four runs made )

 6.7 balls 11 runs. ( Here single run taken ) When David Warner was at 88/56

 7.6 balls 5 runs. ( Here made six )

 8.5 balls 1 run. ( Here four runs made )

 9.Took 1 run by running only. David Warner exhausted by face but not by will power.

 10 David Warner won the toss and chose to field. GL had to bat first and decided to score as many runs as could be but could make only 162 runs by seven wickets in 20 overs. Even Suresh Raina could make 19 runs only when dismissed by LBW. The whole team was stunned to see his dismissal so early. It was David Warner who batted all balls to all sides and successfully chased 162 runs made by GL in the first innings by making 163 runs in 6 wickets, won the match and qualified for the final as one of the finalist.

 11. It is the Feroz Shah Kotla Ground, Delhi – the capital of India that seen everything, witnessed everything where the match was played crowded thickly to see Captain Warner batting furiously to pave the way to final.

 12.By virtue of firm determination, immense patience, hard work and able leadership David Warner made a historic win over such a top team like Gujrat Lines whose captain Suresh Raina and his team with sportmanship played in no way less efficiently and tactfully than that of SRH. But there is a popular proverb “ Jo Jeeta, Vahee Sikandar” means whosoever won is the Alexander, none else.

 13.Davit Warner was not out with a grand total of 93 runs in 58 balls only. He raised to a higher position after Virat Kohali at the total runs made in all IPL T20 – 16 matches played till now at total runs of 779.

 14. He made the highest sixes in the match and was awarded a cash prize of Rs.1 lac and Rs.5 lac for the main of the match.

 15.The ways he played and fought minute by minute and paved the path to final is a sheer inspiration for all of us. We should learn a lesson how a single man can change the scenario with his outstanding quality in an adverse and odd situation and can be instrumental to the team to lead to the glorious win.

 16.I once again affirm and declare my affinity as a sort of regard and respect to such a dynamic cricketer. May God keep him fit and take him to the height of success in the years to come in the field of sports and games exclusively like cricket!

 17.Let us wait for the final match to be played in Bangalore on Sunday on 29th. May 2016 with the Qualifier No. 1 i.e. Royal Challenger Bangalore.

#_#

 Writer: Durga Prasad. Advocate, Author and Journalist. Govindpur, Dhanbad (Jharkhand)

 Dated 28th. May 2016.

