Article – Environment can change if you change…..

© YourStoryClub.com

There are special animals waiting and watching for the end of the week to start as early as possible. This animals are none other than humans. Not only children cry for going schools but every human feels sad to get begin with their work leaving all their loving relations,friends fun and joy…After all who hates enjoying other’s companion.

Waiting for every Friday to start soon just thinking let one more last day pass away as soon as i blink my eyes and can relax whole next day. But i always think what’s the matter that people hate going to their workplace. Is it because of work-pressure? or to be away from the politics played in every corporate place. Thinking and experiencing for days and weeks i got my answer “NO” Its not because of pressure or politics but each individual is lack of love at their place. The environment is just built with blocks of attractive building and roofs. Highly maintained things at their respective place. Many orders to be received and and passed,so much professionalism to be maintained as per work-place policy and formality.

At the end, if no happiness and peace in the environment where the success comes-in. Think ideologically..!! every men/women can reach the top-most of every position if their children or beloved suffer,that’s only because of love towards them. It’s similar when we treat each other with love and affection,sacrificing their ego and attitude down to earth. It does not mean that one should give high privilege to other that one should sit upon other’s head, No. Just maintaining your dignified manner in treating each other resembles the higher personality of a person.

Let’s promise each one of us that we respect, love and live for everyone,for our country,for world for Universe….!!!

Hope this change begins in every individual irrespective of cast,creed and religion. After all we are just born here to enjoy the creativity of God not to fight and die by carrying all sins.

***

