What A Grand Win By Australian Cricket Team !

Photo credit: 

 from 

Final Match – long awaited between Australia and New Zealand – Day Sunday , Date 29th. March, Year 2015.

 ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 after 4 years.

 World famous cricket ground of Melbourne ( Australia )

 93013 cricket lovers of the world from the different parts of the countries gathered together at one place to witness the match in the stadium.

 A rare moment in the history of cricket world.

 More than 20 million people anxiously watching the match in their houses etc. on TV, Laptop, Desktop, Tablet, Smart Phones with necessary connectivity.

 New Zealand reached the final defeating South Africa in semi – final on 24th. March and Australia defeating India in semi – final on 26th. March 15.

 New Zealand won the toss and opted for batting first.

 The match started at the scheduled time 9 AM sharp (Indian Time).

 The openers of New Zealand cricket team came with zeal but didn’t face the bowlers of Australian team as the bowling was very attacking in the right length, position and direction.

 One by one all the batsmen returned to the pavilion without making satisfactory runs nor was there any good partnership between two players.

 New Zealand couldn’t even played 50 overs, all were out with a total runs of 183 in 45 overs.

 Australia started batting after that with a winning target of 184 runs in 50 overs.

 With the excellent performance in all earlier matches by the Australian team it was certain that they would be the World Champion but as the cricket is considered a game of uncertainty and New Zealand had defeated once Australian team with an amazing margin, people had hope against hope that New Zealand could do miracle that time also but it proved as a day dream when Australian team made comfortably 186 runs and won the World Cup by 7 wickets.

 With this grand win Australia recorded a historic fifth times world cup win in their name – out of which two times win in their home towns.

 Michel Clarke, the captain of the Australian team made 74 runs in 72 balls which contributed a major role in winning the match so comfortably.

 Michel Clarke had already announced earlier that it would be his last one day match and after the end of the world cup 2015 he would take leave permanently from playing further one day match.

 God was kind enough to him that he bid farewell to one day cricket with a wonderful record of winning the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 under his able captain ship – a memorable moment in his life.

 Faulkner was declared the player of the match whereas Michel Star having taken 22 wickets in the tournament the man of the tournament.

 Each player of the winning and losing team was awarded with a memorable prize.

 The winning team of Australia got the world cup trophy 2015. It was nothing but a sheer recognition of the best performance all round in the tournament as well as a sort of grand prize for winning in the Final Match played in presence of 93013 spectators in the stadium who witnessed the match patiently from beginning to the end.

 There are so many qualities of the players as an individual and as a team that one team of a country become World Champion in World Cup and the other lag behind.

 The people from the different sectors of the society opine differently about the winning as well as the losing team, but one important factor that matters more than what we comment in favour or against is the team work efficiently and effectively throughout all the matches of the tournament.

 What I find and extremely impressed is the opinion of Shovel Akhtar on the winning of World Cup by Australian Team in 2015:

 “ What I feel about the grand win of Australian Team and becoming World Champion in today match is due to their wicket system and structure that made them so champion. When you play at the club level and what you learn during that period of your play, you become completely ready to play.

 In Australian team there are few players who play for one or two years and go out of the team. The selection committee select those players only who are able to play at least for a period of 8 to 10 years consecutively.

 Moreover their management was very ‘Tagdi ’ ( Very strong ) ”

 Do hope people will agree with what Shovel has commented.

 In my opinion becoming “World Champion” is not the result of one or two years play but in reality it is the result of the continuous efforts made sincerely in a right direction for a right cause.

 “खूबसूरत लम्हें गुजर जाते हैं , बस उनकी यादें रह जाती हैं |”

 (The beautiful moment passes but its memory only remains in mind.)

***

 Writer: Durga Prasad, Dated 29th. March 2015, Time 6 PM.

 ***

