Emotional Short Story – Accident

Short Story Emotional – Accident

Photo credit: 

 from 

I went to hospital for meeting my friend Ajay, who have met with an accident. He was in ICU in unconscious state. His father is roaming here and there and was really afraid about his one and only son. In anger that came from fear he is shouting at the hospital staff.

Ramanatham , Ajay’s father was really a cool guy, I have been meeting him from many years . In my opinion he was really a brave man, but this time his courage is not seen , his eyes became red due to crying .

I went near him and said ” Uncle all will be alright , you please dont get disappointed, nothing will happen to Ajay.”

Ramnatham uncle knows that my words are not coming from my heart. I too know that my word will not reduce the pain of him. At that time I understood it will be more painful when our dear ones are hurt . Uncle went near the nurse and  inquiring about the arrival of doctor. Actually doctor should have arrived at this time and operation should be started but still doctor have not arrived.

Uncle is shouting at the nurse and she is simply listening without telling any word. Just then Car came and doctor had arrived but there was no relief in Ramnathams eyes, he is still scolding the doctor for coming late. Doctor didn’t even look at him he went straight into the operation theatre.

After an hour he came out taking his gloves and he is walking towards the car. Ramnatham followed him and asking about the condition of his son  he simply looked at him and said please I am in hurry you ask nurse. Ramnatham was very angry he went near nurse and before he asked nurse told that Ajay was alright. I felt happy but Ramnatham was telling the nurse your doctor knows the pain only when his son got accident . He even not saying any details about the patient what kind of doctor he is.

I watched the tears in the eyes of nurse, she said doctors son died yesterday in a bike accident and he came from burial ground to save your son….

__END__

