Article – Neglected truths of our life.!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Plenty of questions, so many answers and explanations but the result is “Not satisfied.” But you ever had a thought why you were not satisfied …the stark reason behind this is even we don’t know have the answers of our questions because we did not answer according to the truth,we all are hypocrites ..we answer in the way that please us.

But I don’t understand why we are lying to ourselves, why we are giving false hopes to ourselves.

The first truth of the life is nothing will come to you by its own,you have to achieve it by your hardworking and we should have that courage and passion for our dreams.

But the expectations that we had from life are quite different ..before trying anything we starts analysing it ..”I think I can’t do it..its impossible..many are far better than me.” I don’t understand why other people haunt us so much..you are the proprietor of our dreams,no one can shatter your dreams if your own soul didn’t defeat you.

“Your hard work and ablaze dedication for your dream speak,volumes for your true love for your dream.”

Start leafing through your life .. Believe me,life is alluring many opportunities are waiting for you. You should be like a live wire and laborious to fulfill our dream.

One question that everyone ask to themselves  I have a dream and am I passionate about it…everyone want to be successful but you ever had a thought ,how you could be successful if you don’t have liable dreams…start digging up your mind because..”We all want to die with memories but not with dreams.”

Another obstacle in the way of  pursuing our dream is love. Sometimes we know what we want to do,but we are afraid of hurting our loved ones but according to me the one who will love us will be the heart and soul of your dream and will always support you and who genuinely wan your success,will accompany you in your journey.

I had read a marvellous book ,”The Alchemist” by Paulo Coelho and few lines that applies in all of us life – “I ‘m like everyone else- I see the world in terms of what I would like to see happen ,not what actually does.”

And its true ,we all are lost in clouds; At every nook and corner of our life we want answers that satisfies us.

So wake up and start exploring your dream as- ” When you want something,all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”

###

