Family Short Story – My future ex-husband

Photo credit: 

 from 

My not so dear future ex-husband,

In fact you are the one whom I hate most in this world. This is my first & last letter to you as after this we would see each other in the court soon. Getting married to you has been the most horrifying & expensive mistake of my life.

I know that you have the similar kind of feelings for me. But actually if you ask me then I would like to tell you that you have no right to nurture such feelings against me because the day you hit me in front of your friends you lost all your rights of being a husband. And today through this letter I am going to remind you several other instances wherein you & your lovely family didn’t leave any stone unturned to insult & humiliate me.

On the second day of our marriage your maternal aunt told me that I should deliver a baby boy first as your family has followed this old tradition for many years & I have to follow it because now I am the daughter-in-law of your family. You were very much present there & you listened to all this nonsense. But instead of telling your aunt not to talk crap you smiled at me & supported her.

On the fifth day of our marriage your mother asked me to cook a sweet dish as this is the part of one of rituals. I happily made halwa for all of you. After I served it to all your family & adorable relatives suddenly your darling sister spit it out & said,”Bhabhi! Didn’t your mother teach you cooking? You don’t have a nice face but at least you should learn how to cook otherwise brother will start looking out for options outside.”

Instead of asking her to shut-up all of you busted into laughter & your mother said, “You idiot! Pay heed to my daughter’s advice. Girls were dying to get married to my son but you should feel proud of yourself that you got this chance”. As expected you didn’t support me & rather told me that your sister is the most intelligent & beautiful girl on this earth. Whatever she says is always right.

After few days we came back to Hyderabad as both of us had to join back our respective companies. One very fine day when we both were having dinner separately (as you never liked the idea of having dinner with me in the same plate) you told me that you are planning to quit the job & start your own business. I told you to do whatever you feel like & then you said that you need funds & I should ask my parents to support you financially. I said no & in the fit of rage you threw the entire bowl of Dal on my face. Unfortunately the cook was present at home & she saw the entire incident. Next day she came to me & said that she doesn’t want to work here.

After two months of our marriage your entire family came to Hyderabad to torture me further. Your mother & sister didn’t leave any single opportunity to pull me down. Whatever food I cooked they used to spoil it. They made frantic calls at my home & asked questions to my mother about my jewellery & rest of the money. Not only this once both asked me to hand over them all the documents & details of the savings & investments I have made in last so many years. When I refused they complained to you & then we had a horrible fight.

After six months or so I thought that we both should take a break from our job. I asked you that we should go to some hill station like Manali or Shimla on a vacation as this would refresh our minds & relation. We will get some quality time to understand each other. Do you remember your reply? You said,” If you want to save our marriage then ask your parents to support me in setting up my business”. Hearing this I offered you all my savings & investment but then you showed your height of greed. You asked me that I should ask my parents to sell their property in Gurgaon & hand over the money to you.

It was our first marriage anniversary. I thought of making it special. I reserved the table in one of your favorite restaurants, arranged a special cake & bought your favorite perfume, chocolates, wine & a nice shirt for you as a gift. I did all this because I had wanted this relationship to work. But then I didn’t know that I have married a machine & not a human being. I called you & informed you to reach home a bit early as I have a surprise for you. Though you came home early with a frowned face but I still kept my calm & gave you the gifts. You opened the gifts & gave another harshest reaction by saying that, “You are such a moron! What is all this nonsense? You must have gifted me a high-end phone”. And then you threw away all the things in the dustbin & left to party with your friends.

I know this list is never going to end & that’s why in this letter I have told a few to remind you of your insane & inhuman behavior.

A person like you has no right to get married. You and your beautiful intelligent family never wanted a wife or a daughter-in-law because all you people wish for is money, luxury & comfort. All what I want today is that I never get to see your face again in my life. I hope & pray that I get justice & you & your family get punished for all your wrong deeds.

From

 Your future ex-wife

 (The one you never deserved)

__END__

