Short Story on Female Foeticide in India

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

April 14th

Yesterday I came into your life. You said you were so happy to have me. Celebrations followed and I rejoiced. Thank you so much mamma. Although I can’t express my feelings to you, I feel lucky to be a part of your life. You and daddy had a long conversation last night. I was sleepy but happy for you, so kept myself awake with you till late. You were discussing about me and your plans for bringing me up. You said I was precious to you and brought happiness. And it was a new phase in your life.

April 28th

Thanks Mamma. Thanks for talking to me for so long. I just love it when you talk to me. I try to feel your touch around me and love the way you take care of me. I remember the other day when I was about to fall or maybe I felt like that, you saved me. I feel so protected with you around me all the time. I love it when you feed me and also when you smile. It makes me feel so warm mamma.

May 5th

You have been taking care of me since long now. Day and night you have been addressing to my needs. I can see the way you understand me when I don’t even ask for anything. I love you mamma. And I loved it when Mrs. Khanna said that you have become beautiful after I came into your life. Its feels so good mamma. Every time you receive a compliment, I feel proud of myself.

But sometimes I find you tired and stressed out. I don’t know if it is because of me but I don’t like it mamma. You did not even eat properly today. I think you are not well. Please take good care of yourself mamma. Daddy brought your favourite sweets today. And you couldn’t eat them. That is so sad. But daddy is so sweet na mamma. He loves you. And I love him too.

May 19th

Today you took me the doctor for routine checkup. And she said I am fit and fine. And I am growing up well. But she also asked you to relax a bit more. I think you were stressed. I do not know why. Are you worried about me? Relax mamma. I am perfectly fine. Don’t worry please. Love you.

June 9th

Today I heard Daddy scolding you. I did not understand what that was for. But I could understand when you cried. I shivered when you sobbed mamma. I felt so bad and wanted to help you but could not. Once I grow up, I will take care of you very well mamma. You will never feel sad. I promise. I will always keep you happy. I don’t like it when daddy is rude to you. Why does he do this to you mamma.

June 12th

You have not spoken to me for past 3 days. Why mamma? I don’t know what I have done. I am waiting mamma. Please don’t leave me alone. Every day I get up to hear words from you. I can’t see you mamma. I can just hear you. Please understand. Please talk to me mamma. Please.

Do you remember the day when I came into your life; you promised me I would be able to see you in 9 months? It’s not even 3 mamma. I am counting days. Waiting to come out of you and see you, I love you mamma.

June 13th

I want to say something mamma. That day when daddy scolded you I heard him saying something. He said he did not need me. He asked you to get rid of me. Because I am a girl. I do not know what a girl is. Is it a crime mamma? All I know is I love you and daddy; and thought you loved me too.

But why this? I am sorry if I have done something wrong to you or daddy. But it was not intentional mamma. Please talk to daddy and tell him that I want to be a part of your life. I love you both. I want to see you mamma. I want to touch you and I want to feel you. I want to see your world mamma. I want to see light. It’s so dark inside here. I am so scared. Save me mamma. Please. I love you.

