Story about Fight of a girl for her justice

Photo credit: 

 from 

“It is the story of a girl who is being raped .but she handles herself with courage and self-belief and fight for justice and also for self-respect and put an example for other girls or women.”

 She is a fun loving girl; she is very beautiful, innocent her name is riya.

 One day when riya went to college she saw some boys tease one girl and after seeing all this riya become patience less and she give one slap on the cheek of the leader of the gang of that boys who tease that girl.

 And afterwards the leader of that gang decides to take revenge of the slap and they start keep glance on her.

 One day there is a annual function in riya’s collage and riya participate in this function so because of this riya get late and its 10pm so no auto rickshaw is there or any vehicles moving on the road then suddenly one van comes and stop beside riya and one guy pull her in van and start moles her she is crying but no one hear her voice and then he rape her and throw her outside form the van.

 She is in very bad condition, she is unable to stand or speak then one car stop beside her and one women named sakshi come out from that car and give her a support and admit her in hospital and after sometime doctor say that riya’s condition is in under control and you are allowed to meet her. Sakshi went to meet her and tell her that she have to fight not only for herself but for all other girls whose condition is same like her condition they are not able to fight for herself because they don’t have the courage, self-belief they are so week they are think about the society they don’t think about their self respect.

 But I just want to tell you that please don’t be weak be strong and fight I am with you.

 Afterwards her father &mother come in hospital and bring her back to home and tell her not to go outside stay in home only.

 Next day she is ready for went outside then her mother tell her that you just don’t have any shame you remembered or not what will happen with you yesterday . then she say I remember what will happen with me and I don’t want this happen again with other girl for that I have to fight against this and I will and no one stops me please then she meet shkshi and tell her that she is ready to fight and she will definitely win but I don’t think police will write FIR .then riya ask why?

 Then sakshi tell it is the only system if any girl try to fight then because of the rubbish question ask by police officer she became embraced and her sprit are totally finished and they never again fight for themselves.

 Don’t worry I am decided I have to fight and now nobody stops me.

 And then she went to police station and gives the statement against the rapist but the police officer misbehave with riya and ask rubbish question and don’t write FIR then riya and shakshi went to the commissioner and tell him about the motion of his police officer then he ask police officer why he don’t write FIR and give him a last warning and tell him to start investigation as soon as possible.

 And after someday the rapist is under arrest and court give him and his all gang member punishment court give order to hang rapist till his death and his all other gang member to live 10 years in prison . After that sakshi ask riya that finally she got justice now she is free to live again then riya say no it is not over shakshi in our country everyday one girl being raped we have to do something for the safety of the girls. Sakshi you know I never think in this direction but after facing this situation I think I want to do something for those girls who also face this situation. I know and I understand the feeling of that girl who is raped.

 But what will you do??? Say sakshi…

 I want to open NGO. Through this NGO I will help the victim and give proper care to those girls who are raped and fight for those girls.

 Will you help me?

 Sakshi say yes I am always with you.

 And after that riya become more successful and she start her NGO and help many girls and all the girls are fight, win and at last they become successful and also they respect riya a lot riya and sakshi is just like an angel in their life. sakshi put an example in front of all girl that they must have to fight for justice because if you tolerate the wrong thing you are also a part of this .

“At last I just want to say to all of you please don’t tolerat ;fight. Fight for yourself, fight for society, fight for justice, fight for all those innocent girls whose life become hell after raped feel their anger, fear, pain etc .and if you feel it please fight against this.”

