I wish I could change somethings

Photo credit: 

 from 

Its has been a little more than 5 years but the picture of him is very clear in my mind. He who motivated me, he who helped me to believe in myself and above all , he who is the true architect of my present. Whatever I am, I am because of him. He was my

 who gave me home tutions when I was in class X.  Apart from being a very knowledgeable person and an intellectual one too, he was  a very good human being and one of the best persons I have ever came around.

I still remember the day when my bike was at the mechanic’s place and it was my farewell, he gave me the keys of his bike  without any hesitations.  Though he was my tutor, we were more like friends and we had an amazing understanding. I could share anything with him and he gave me the best of the suggestions for making decisions in life.

I appeared for  my class X board exams in march 2007 and excelled in it. All credit goes to him. He had paved the path for my supernova future by doing the best he could do. I had moved to the capital city after my boards for my higher education so i was no longer in touch with him. Every once in a while I used to ask about him from my mother over the phone call. He too kept on asking about my progress and well being from my family. He continued visiting our place to give lectures to my younger brother for over more than a year after I had shifted to Delhi.

Then came the

 which left us with nothing but with a feeling of utter sadness. We got the news that he was arrested by the police for charges of supporting role in a murder and deleting the evidences. Now this was something which I would never ever believe. Nobody who knew him believed it. The police has always been notorious for arresting innocent people by creating such

. And this in my opinion was the same case. He has never had any criminal records in the past. He got into these troubles because the departed was the principal of the school where he taught. The murder was executed in 2003 and he got arrested in 2008. What the heck was the police doing during all these years?

The next day we got the news the police had beaten him severely when he didn’t admit that he was guilty. They kept beating him incessantly for next three days. He was so badly beaten that he almost succumbed to his injuries. On the 4th day he was taken to a hospital where he stayed for another two days for his treatment of wounds. The 3rd day when he was again taken to the jail, he was once again beaten like animals. At last, despite being innocent, he admitted that he was guilty just because he couldn’t take it anymore.

Prior to this incident, I had seen such cases only in the movies but now I know the s**t that is present in our police department. I am not saying every policeman is corrupt, but most of them are. And because of them, an innocent human being is behind the bars since 2008.

” I wish I could change somethings”

__END__

