Today’s (12th. Dec.16) win by India against England is reckoned as a historic win by India against England by one innings and 36 runs. It is beyond one’s imagination that the remaining 4 wickets of England in hand at total of 182 runs for 6 wickets on the close of the match on 11th. December at Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai would be taken so quickly one after another by Ashwin and at total of merely 195 runs all would leave for pavilion adding further 13 runs only. The most amazing part of this play is that the most of the cricket loving people (including myself) would be becoming ready after taking breakfast to witness the exciting match but missed the chance inasmuch as they came to know at about 10 AM that India win by one innings and 36 runs against England.

 I had just finished my breakfast under the warm sunrays in my courtyard, my grandson Shubham came running to me and informed India won the match by one innings and 36 runs, England remaining 4 wickets were down making only 13 runs, Ashwin took all four wickets. On one hand I became very happy to hear the good news but on the other hand I was disappointed I couldn’t see the exciting last play.

 I rushed and opened the TY and by that time I saw the people and the players enjoying this grand win.

 The details of the innings wise total runs made:

 Innings England India

 1st. Innings 400 631

 2nd. Innings 195 Not Required

 Major runs

 1st. Innings England – 1. Jennings – 112 & Butler – 76 = 188

 1st. Innings India Vijay – 136

 Kohli – 235

 Jayant -104

 ——————— Total Runs – 475

 2nd. Innings 5th.Day Root – 77 runs – Rest runs 118 – total runs -195 all out.

 It is no exaggeration to say that under the able captaincy of Virat Kohli the Indian Team has given a grand surprise to the people of the country and beyond that by winning by one innings and 36 runs. All players played efficiently and effectively all along the whole 5 days from beginning to the end.

 Though Virat Kohli was declared the “Man of the Match” but the role and contribution made by Ashwin by taking 12 wickets alone in this 4th. Test Match is no less important in any way. There was enthusiastic team spirit among the players that resulted in grand victory against England.

 What I watched and noticed that Jayant Yadav played so confidently and so clearly that the style and art of his play attracted the attention of a large number of the people. He made his 1st century in Test Match.

 Out of 5 Test Matches one match was draw and the rest 3 matches India made clean sweep by winning against England.

 The 5th Test Match is still due to be played and we do hope India will win once again.

 Writer: Durga Prasad dated 12th. December 2016 – Monday.

