Inspirational Short Story – Man and God

Suresh a sweeper in the temple was an atheist. He used to watch devotees daily offering their prayers in and out and God granting them all their wishes. At the end of the day he used to watch God being tired. He walks up to him one day and says that you do so much of hard work and don’t find time to relax at all, so to take a day off. God smiles on the innocence and purity of  Suresh and accepts his request and proposal to relax for a day. However he assigns him a responsibility of taking his place for one day and ensure that he smiles on every offering when people bow in front of him and also he would not speak anything.

As promised Suresh wakes up early in the morning and takes place of God. Smiling on every offerings and prayers he started enjoying his stint as God. A rich man bowed and offered his wallet full of money and thanked God for giving him all the amenities in life and goes away. Then walks in a poor man who was in distress and was crying bitterly. He said that he had nothing left to feed his children except one rupee coin which he offered to God. He lift his head and saw the wallet and thinking that God answered his prayers he happily went back home. Suresh silently standing in place of God was just watching and smiling as he was not supposed to speak a word. Then walked in a devotee to take blessings from God for his first ever voyage. The moment he raised his head he saw a policeman and the rich man. Rich man started shouting that the sailor was the culprit who had stolen his wallet and should be put behind bars. Suresh as was the witness to the entire day’s proceedings could not tolerate the injustice and told the police man that the sailor was innocent and the wallet was taken by the poor man. The police seeks apologizes from the sailor and takes the wallet from the poor man and returns to the rich man. Suresh is elated on doing justice to humanity.

As normal routine God meets Suresh at night and asks him about the day’s proceedings as to what happened. Being excited he narrated entire day’s sequence to God. He suddenly saw grimness. God thanked Suresh for his kind gesture however told him that he had created a blunder. He told him that he was asked not to speak .Being a human being Suresh expected a pat on his pack for his good deed however the entire episode made him upset.He could not understand what wrong he had done.

God after sometime started explaining Suresh the reality of life which made him speechless. He said the rich man had earned fortunes through illegal means and because he bowed in front of God he was pardoned. The wallet left by the rich man would have served the poor and needy children of the poor man who had bowed in front of God and offered all his earning even if it was one rupee which could have brought happiness to the poor family. Now the sailor who had wished luck for his first voyage by bowing in front of God had to die as that night their was heavy storm but was blessed with a life by being jailed .God explained Suresh that because he became modest and spoke , the sailor lost his life, the poor man now could not feed his children who were hungry for days and the rich man who had earned through unfair means would have to suffer his entire life. Suresh was stunned.

Leave everything on God and believe in him.

ONLY GOD HAS ANSWERS TO ALL OUR PRAYERS.NO PRAYERS GO UNANSWERED.

