Social Short Story of a Girl – Life Well Lived and True Opulence……..

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Not so happy with my life, I sat in my orchard, among ethereal roses, before my quaint old house, staring at the aurora with a feeling of a transcendent wanderlust, so happy. And there came Mrs. Purr, 

in all her glory and felicity. Mrs. Purr is a ragdoll, and you might think she is all uppity, but no. She is a very vehement, and a very very jocund little friend. She didn’t chase the butterflies in the orchard, probably for the first time in forever. She came to me and rested her head on my lap, which was pretty bizarre because she isn’t usually demure, but it was fine for me at the moment, as I didn’t want my idyllic mind to be disturbed.

“Can you smell it, Mrs.Purr?”

“

“Wow. Petrichor.”

Mrs. Purr sat straight up, hoping for me to understand she agreed with me.

Far away in the horizon, stood a maple tree, bold and erect. It wasn’t lush, for it was autumn.

“Mrs. Purr, I haven’t taken you out for a walk lately. Do you want one?”

And then, of course, Mrs. Purr was back in her buoyant and gauche mood.

I and Mrs. Purr walked down to the maple tree, so quiet, it did feel a little awkward.

There was a little cottage, just beside the tree. There was a tiny but beautiful little pond before it. The water was so fresh and clear, you could see through the resplendent fish in the luminescent water. I saw pretty girls, almost of my age, playing with each other full of zeal.

Just then, something happend. I heard a voice. The voice was similar to mine. Wait a minute, no, the voice was mine. It got louder and louder until I fully concentrated on it.

“Hi there, Tina”said the voice. “Umm, hi.” I replied.

“Feeling happy you live a life of opulence?”

“Yeah. Sort of”

“You shouldn’t be. There is a pool at your house, isn’t there? Well, can it match this little pond right here, so natural, so fresh? ”

I kept quiet.

“You have an orchard full of unhappy chocolate cosmos you brought all the way from Mexico. Just look at these daisies and tulips happily blooming!”

Again, I kept quiet.

“Mrs. Purr is fussy. She eats nothing but only the costliest  if the costly cat food. Look at the dog there, attempting to fly away into the blue yonder. It eats nothing but bread and eggs everyday. And then it even saved a nobleman from drowning. Can Mrs. Purr do that?”

This time, I did want to say something against( Mrs. Purr may be fussy, but also is loyal!), but I couldn’t. Just couldn’t.

“You have a wardrobe, more like a room and a never ending list of toys and twelve sets of doll houses. See the girls there? They’re of your age. Wearing old and torn frocks and playing with dolls made out of straws. They’re happier than you. Listen, this is for you. A life lived of money is no life. A life kind-hearted, generous, and satisfactory is a life of true opulence. Always remember this, Tina. You’re an angel inside. You just have to  discover that side of you.”

I waited for the voice to say some more philosophical words, but it was gone. Never to be heard again.

I realized it was afternoon already. I got to have my breakfast and get ready for the day. I and Mrs. Purr walked our way back to my huge house. I wondered if Mrs. Purr heard such a voice too, wait, I think Mrs. Purr will not hear a voice. It’s a cat! It might have heard 

I went into my bedroom, looked out of the window. The maple tree was seen from my window, in all its glory. But the cottage wasn’t there. Neither were the children and nor was the pond.

I don’t care if it really existed or no, but I will always be thankful, for giving me a life of true wealth, true happiness. A life worth living.

–END–

