Moral Short Story – Losing in front of wisdom and paying back

Photo credit: 

 from 

Guru, a friend of Swapnil was very upset and was sitting in the tea shop. As and when Swapnil came to the shop, he asked Guru the reason of his being upset.

Guru told, “Swapnil, that Haru took some 5000 bucks from me, Now you know what is my economical condition. Even then I gave him at first shot without thinking of any problem in future that I might need to face for this, only because Haru is a good friend of mine. He told he would return me that within 1 month. But now 2 months have passed and he still is not returning. Even if we meet, he simply talks about other topics simply deviating from this one, as if he has just forgotten. And now I am also feeling bad to ask for the same from him. Tell me what I could do now.”

Swapnil said, “Great!! Be more kind. Now suffer. Not able to understand also who is good and bad. Moreover what’s the need at all to lend money to someone? And now you are unable to ask for your own money also…Anyway now do what I tell you.”

Next day Guru and Haru were both sitting in the tea shop and were having tea. They were both discussing on all topics but except that borrowing topic.

Suddenly Guru told, “Hey Haru, I have seen your signature..Anyway I don’t like that.”

To this Haru said, “Why what’s wrong with that?”

Guru quickly took out a paper and a pen from his pocket and told, “Fine you sign here and I would point out which part is not good and would also tell how you could improve that.”

Haru quickly signed on that.

Immediately Guru started telling, “O I see, this is your signature. Oh then no, this is excellent. I might have mistaken with somebody else’s. I am sorry. No this is good enough.”

Haru said, “Then, why were you telling? First know whose signature is what. My signature is the best.”

Guru nodded  folded back the paper and put both the paper and pen back in his pocket. and continued with other topics.

 Next day Haru again was sitting in the tea shop and having tea. Swapnil seeing him entered the shop and sat beside him. Ordered for a tea and started telling, “If I get hold of that culprit, I would simply kill him.”

To that Haru asked, “Whom are you talking about. Whom would you kill and why?”

Swapnil continued, “You know that Guru? He is a culprit, criminal. You know what he did? Few days back I borrowed some 5000 bucks from him. I promised to return him back the same just within next couple of days time. I also thought of doing the first thing to return him back his money and then go to my house while returning from office on that mentioned day. But I somehow got late in returning. And you know what he did. He went to the police station and launched a complain.

I was called from the police station. As I went there I saw Guru was sitting there. I was told to return back the money immediately. I felt extremely bad. I thought of completely refusing of the borrowing incident. But to that I suddenly saw Guru taking out one paper from his pocket. I remembered. What happened.. Few days ago after I borrowed the money from Guru, we were once sitting here and having tea. We were discussing many topics, when suddenly Guru told that he doesn’t like my signature. I asked what was wrong in that. He took out one paper and pen from his pocket and told me to sign there so that he could point out what is wrong and could also suggest me to improve at few places with that. As I signed, he started telling that he was thinking of some other signature. Mine was fine. He had confused with somebody else’s signature. Saying he took back that paper and pen inside his pocket.

It was well planned you now. He took my signature in that way in a blank paper. And that day he was taking out that paper in the police station and I was sure he might have written of my borrowing incident in that paper which was having a signature of mine. Without arguing or going into more complexities, I immediately took out the money and handed over to Guru. Moreover the officer just scolded and warned not to do this again, else I would be put into jail next time.”

Hearing this Haru quickly told, “Oh! I just remembered of some work.” and went out of the shop in hurry. Swapnil just smiled.

Next day Guru informed that Haru that day, himself came and returned those 5000 bucks to Guru.

__END__

