Miss Scribbling- The short biography of Enid Blyton!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Fun, great moments, determination and ambitions are the building blocks for constructing a great life. My hero, mentor, inspiration, the great Enid Blyton is the person I idolize. Enid Blyton is one of my favorite authors of all times. I am a huge fan of her and have read almost all her books. Famous five and secret seven are on the top of my favorite list.

Since her childhood, Enid Blyton was a wise and truly talented girl with great hands at art. At senior school, she was appointed as the head girl. She also added another feather to her cap when she wrote short stories in a magazine called ‘DAB’. She followed the principles of hard work and determination which deeply influenced me. These principles also helped her to start writing. She wrote a number of short stories, poems, writings and articles in magazines. Her mother considered her efforts as useless and waste of time but Enid never gave up. Her mother kept her name as ‘scribbling’ and didn’t encourage her at all. Enid was determined and stuck to her thoughts without listening to the people who demotivated her. She never thought about the rejections. She had the passion, interest and talent that needed to become a spectacular writer.

Her soul and mind were always involved in search of great ideas, thoughts and real life incidents and they made her pen write excellent tales. She was the kind I admire the most. The passion and the diligence she had for her work were truly inspirational and motivating. If I would ever get a wish I would ask to become the second Enid Blyton. As her life went on, a delightful and glorious moment arrived. Her stories, articles and writings were continuously accepted and respected by various publishers and. Her first novel was published in 1925.

Enid was a caring mother too who had two daughters. Though she could not spend enough time with them yet she cared and loved them. She always helped and supported them. Enid was a loveable person with a supporting and caring attitude towards one and all. Her efforts and hard work yielded results. Her life guides me that there are problems, situations and people who wouldn’t appreciate the thoughts and ideas one has.

One’s passion and hard work would not be counted, but do not give up. It is not that one would not succeed. Tough times come and situations may not encourage or motivate but that doesn’t mean that you should stop following the dreams. She had possessed qualities of love, care, kindness and support. She was a good artist at primary school and joined the Guild Hall School of music, in 1916. She was good at singing that her family thought she should become a professional. She showed that passion is our destiny and do not place other things less important. Make every day worthy and each day the happiest day of the life. Her smile was the curve that set everything straight.

As years passed, Enid had started to feel breathlessness and problems in her body. She was then admitted to nursing home for three months. Great people end their great lives in a great way. So did Enid Blyton. She gave her loving, kind, determined and hard working soul to the almighty and died peacefully at the age of 71. This woman was an inspiration and mentor to all. Her blessings were always with her family and fans.

The gifted child made her place in everyone’s heart and will remain as always. She was a gem and a star. She was one of her kind and I truly worship her for being what she was. “Proud of you Ma’am and will never forget someone like you.” I salute you and your creator, the almighty. You will remain a star for me, Miss Scribbling.

***

Molina Singh

(Your Biggest Fan And Worshipper)

