Moral Story – AT HABIB’S

Photo credit: 

 from 

Last week I was suggested by one of my friends that I urgently needed a haircut. I had no other option but to go to the parlour and my friends took me to Habib’s. Its a nice beauty saloon but I never found the environment comfortable. every time I had visited it I refrained from being a customer and just waited for them. but this time,i knew i had no escape. My friend dropped me there. As soon as I entered i had a disgusted feeling. ‘Why couldn’t she drop me at a simple parlour?’ I thought. I knew i could do nothing about it.

 Inside i seated on a sofa. I felt so uncomfortable. I don’t know why. Actually the girls there made me feel uncomfortable. My God,they were so pretty with jet long black hair,well dressed as if going out for a party and looked so beautiful. There was a group of girls there waiting for their turn and each one was so pretty. I looked at their clothes and their sandals and their accessories. I felt so inferior.

 I felt as if i was not made to visit such places. I wore a very casual t shirt and a pink and Gray shoes which had almost lost its pink colour and looked quite old.I tried to hide my sandals pushing my leg backward. Then i saw one of them staring at me,scanning me from top to bottom.she must have sensed my nervousness and it pained my heart to think what as she thinking of me I felt so low in confidence and so inferior that I even couldn’t gather the courage to ask the receptionist about my turn..She was surrounded by those pretty girls and I felt that when I would go and ask they would definitely laugh at me.

 Few minutes later,the girls left for a while and I hurriedly went up to receptionist and said that I was waiting for a haircut. she informed me that the stylist was almost done and I would be the next to have a cut. I was told to go inside and wait. Inside was even more horrendous for me. I saw pretty girls there instructing the stylist how she wanted her hair to be cut,but I didn’t had any clue about it. ‘how did I wanted my hair to be cut?’

I thought to myself ,sadly no reply came. Then I remembered that a friend of mine had told me that you should have your hair cut in layers starting from the chin. I repeated those lines few times so that I could sound confident when I needed to give instructions to the stylist. Soon my chance came. The stylist first shampooed my hair and then he asked,”Mam,which type of hair cut do you wish to have?” I repeated the lines i had already practised. He said,”OK!”

But then I thought do I need to pretend ? Couldn’t I tell him that I didn’t had much knowledge about this and so could he help me. I gathered courage and said,”Excuse me,could you please give a cut which suits my face,actually i don’t have much idea about how I should keep my hair!”

I must have sounded confused and different but it was his reply which made me happy.

He said,”Of course,this is why I have been given this job.Don’t worry.”

He patiently cut my hair and styled it. As he finished he asked me to wear my spectacles and have a look. I wore my spectacles and saw my self ,”Was it me?” yes it was ,he had made me look so different,I am not bluffing but i really did look pretty. I turned and said “Thanks!”. He accepted it with a smile. now when I went out to pay,I felt so confident. Those girls were still at the reception but I confidently went there and paid and talked with the receptionist.

When I came out I thought what made me so confident,was it just a haircut?

 No,it wasn’t. It was my belief in myself that I looked good. It was that I liked myself and so I thought that everyone else must be admiring me. It was because I felt good about myself that I thought everyone must be thinking good of me. I learnt that first you have to respect and love yourself only then will the others do. Don’t create an environment of insecurity around yourself or feel inferior. I am what I am and I love this about me. Eventually you shall see,the world will love you too.

And I thought I just went there for a haircut!!! *wink*

__END__

