Moral Short Story – Lesbian Lover

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

May 1969

Dear My Lover,

…I am waiting for your return. Often I am reminded of you.  All the years I have gone on laughing at our mistakes. It is mature when one can laugh at their own mistakes. You made me realize how valuable you are in my Life. I never doubted family. You made me realize the importance of having someone in my life. I imagine the unexpected. You did not leave. Your presence is forever in my memory. I admit it is my fault to question the validity of our love. As I grow older, I respect you more. You never said I was right to without our feelings. Learning to cry is meaningful. I do not hold it against you. It is the idea that makes our love true. Instead you touch my life with kind words and a gentle heart. I lie still nourishing my mind with spirituality of your presence in my life. I am grateful for your love. The idea of “love” is in question. I ask God for your return. I lie busy in starvation of the desire of having family back in my life once more…

 

…to the young women of the universe searching to find her soul, her true identity and her heart. She has been abandoned from love.. It happened expectantly when she lost her true

love for her abandoned child within when she lost touched of reality of being neglected by her father…

 

…to the young women searching to find her soul… She has been abandoned from love.. It happens when your spirituality escapes from being different, by wanting to voice your

opinion in a closed climate of losing child to a miscarriage of irreconcilable differences victimized by spousal abuse that repetition…his heart is with another and not you… of reality

of being neglected…

 

…to the young women searching for her true identity… She has been abandoned from love.. To manipulate play by manhandling unspoken challenges to ratify the female status with vague restrictions…to trust the voices in her head that deny everything she tried to accomplish is refutable…

 

relationship with her inner self to tell her to quit or die… of reality of being neglected …to the young women of the universe searching to find her heart… She has been abandoned from love.. To suicide because she felt she has no reason to try irresponsible reasoning because her children left her for maturation to move on, her baby’s daddy died when he went to prison and her friends moved on…her heart still cares to listen to her vocation, the only reason she stays in good health… of reality of being neglected…in keeping it real the father is God…God who left her

with no faith after her lost…She has been abandoned from love…the reason for her loss is she neglected to believe others cared, God cares…the reason she lost reality is how she neglected to pray asking for God to carry her for she was not alone…she neglected to listen to God’s voice encouraging her fate…searching for her soul, searching for her identity… searching for her heart…the reality of being neglected left when she lost touch with her God.. a reality of being neglected…

…An image of a storm perturbs warm waters

A shadows emerges an overcast of hope

Hovering over in silence, embracing for peace…

 

…Time’s client is an admissive stare

Ghostly hands deplete death entrapment,

of being raped, beaten and verbally abused

has given a sign to escape insanity,

Trying to vacate this cage of unsought welcome…

 

… If tears could speak, it speaks of fear

And the new born will never speak in silence …

 

I walk like I am disabled, I carry the load of intolerance, I may be used, I may be abused, I have been lied on, I have been beaten, I may be lonely, I may be seduced, and  in my prayers and dreams, Shattered the truth…I am weak, but, I don’t feel old at all. Amen.

 

Sisterly Lover

