Moral Short Story – The Man With A Stone Heart

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was once a man who thought that he is always perfect and he’s not capable of making mistakes. He has a family with two children. His wife would do everything for him right from him going to work and till him coming home but she was never appreciated, his children would understand his struggle and would do well in school but even then they were not appreciated. He would always find fault with the food that his wife made and he would scold his children whenever they made little mistakes.

He was the same in the office too where he worked as a manager. His team were not happy with him and so they wanted to find out how he was in his house and they were afraid of asking him so they decided to steal his wife phone no from him . And somehow they manage to get it and they spoke to his wife and they were shocked to hear what his wife said. So they decided to quit.

But it was not easy as they need his approval, So they decided to give in their resignation letter one by one rather than all of them giving it together. So when one staff approached him and gave him his resignation letter, he looked at him with a stern face and read the letter and then he signed on it and asked him why? The staff never told anything he just ran away. and then slowly everybody started leaving the company.

Now the manager began to wonder why everybody was leaving. Are they leaving because they don’t like the job or is it because of him? Now this went on troubling him as he needs to answer his higher authority. He began to think about it. Then it came to his mind that his team mate had left him because they were not appreciated. He used to wonder then why did his wife and his children did not leave him.

So he decided to ask his wife and children about it . When he went home he called his wife and children and told them what happened in his office . He told his wife and children that he was the same as he was at home but how come you have not left me . The man was in tears when he heard his wife saying ” I’m your Wife and I Promised you before the altar that i will be with  you in good times and in bad times”

This statement has changed this hard hearted man into a soft hearted man, And he also realized that he needs his team back so he called everyone of them and said I”m Sorry Pls Come Back”.

Thus to be a boss you don’t have to be stone hearted person where everything you say whether it is good or bad will not be liked by everyone instead if you a soft-hearted person you will absorb and will be absorbed.

__END__

