[Once upon a time – Moral Short Story]

Once upon a time - Moral Short Story

It’s 4 years gone, when I escaped death. An incident that changed my life forever. A lesson that I learnt and absorbed.

It was a pleasant November morning. I was still in celebrations mode, after all  it’s just a week I turned 20. Last days of my 3rd Semester engineering in computers.. When I choose Computers as my career, I was adamant to do it perfect . I got ready hurriedly. I would not be allowed to enter my class, if I reach late.

My mom was absolutely restless today, she asked me to stay back for some work. I brushed her off saying, it’s an important class. I kicked my scooter and here I go zoom. The scooter was unusually problematic today and every 5 minutes it went silent. I was cursing my day and decided to get down only when I reach college. I shifted the gear and was going to turn the last bend towards my college. Something happened, a black out.

I felt some hands underneath me. What’s happening? Never mind, I am in deep sleep. I woke up with a startle, hundreds of faces staring at me. I blinked my eyes, Where am I? I heard someone crying, I looked around it was my mom. I tried getting up, then I realized my condition and the pain I was in. Blood was oozing out from my hands. My denim was in rags. There was a wood support beneath my legs, tied with tight ropes around my legs. A piece of flesh hanging from my knee. Blood sprinkled over all my body. I fainted again.

Time piece on the wall told me its 6:12 P.M. I was clipped all over my fingers and toes. Some needles inserted here and there. Will  Someone tell me what’s happening?  After 20 minutes, a nurse marched in. Checking all the statistics and making a note of them. I looked at her enquiringly. She bluntly told me, I am in ICU. To my relief my mom came in. Her eyes were red and swollen, must have been crying all day. She told me I met with a fatal accident . My dear scooter was torn to pieces. I collided head on with a bike, that ran over me. The temporary plaster on my legs was removed and I was getting ready to be operated. I could see through the glass, my dad was inconsolable. I kept telling myself, BE STRONG. I changed in to an operation gown. I kissed my mom and told her I will be back.

I was afraid and tried hard not to show any signs of weakness. I asked the doctor what this operation is for. He told me it’s a miracle, that I am still breathing. My femur bone is crushed and powdered. He enhanced my knowledge by informing me that femur bone is the thigh bone(strongest bone of the body) which supports body weight and I will not be able to walk for next 6 months. Anesthesia had its effect and I went numb.

It’s 2 days since I had had a drop of water or a morsel. At one side the blood was flowing in and at the other Glucose. My limbs were lifeless and the rods inside hurts. Friends, relatives and neighbors came pouring in. Till my operation, I dint realize the gravity of the situation. The reality gradually started seeping in. Behind the sympathies, people hid a knife to stab my parents straight in their heart. That bunch of people were worried that who will marry me now, as if I am never going to walk again. Few other concerns were: How much will I limp? Will I be able to dance again? I made a note and determined to give them an answer one day.

Yet another worry was griping me. My exams were due next week. How will I manage? I had very little support from my college and they wanted me to skip my year. I decided against the college decision. All I asked them was to provide an emergency room to lie down and an examiner there. I finished all my exams. I felt light.

This was the period when I realized it’s difficult to take care of a bedridden patient but it’s more difficult to be a bed ridden. I would curse myself, when for each and everything I would need someone’s help. I would feel guilty and sorry when I had to wake up my family in the middle of night.  I have to smile always so that my mom doesn’t cry. My diet was strict and disciplined.  Finally after a month, I was allowed to sit. I then realized I could not move my joints.

Then started the physiotherapy sessions. I hated them as it was an excruciating  experience every day.  After two and half months I soaked myself in sun, I felt fresh and energetic. I slowly started walking with one leg and then with a walker. After 6 months I was back, walking straight. Doctors were surprised at my speedy recovery. They told me that they lied to me about my recovery time. Some questions still remain unanswered.

It was the result day, I cleared my exams with A grade. I was satisfied. It’s almost 11 months now past that dreaded day.

A cultural fest was organized in our college. I decided to participate in dance clash. Despite my parents concern and warning, I nominated myself. I had tough time during rehearsals, but I ignored all the pain. I won a second position and answered the remaining unanswered questions. Today I walk, dance, run, jump and do everything like every other. I got rid of the rods too, but have preserved them as memoirs of my struggle.

This incident help me grew as an individual and taught some important lessons of my life. I now drive safe.I learnt to be prepared for future, you never know what might happen next. I learnt how effective is will power. I now drive safe. This was a life turner for me and now whenever I think about it, I just smile.

__END__

