Moral Short Story – Live life in a better way

Photo credit: 

 from 

There is an 10 year old boy whose name is basheer who lives near pond with his father Raheem. Every day they get up in the early morning before sunrise and they both go for a morning walk.

After returning from walk, Raheem and basheer took bath in a open space , drawing fresh water from well that was back of their house. Raheem giggles Basheer while taking bath and he laughed wih no control and trying to push his dad’s hand away from him.

After bath , they both prayed to god thanking the whole existence and nature for giving what is needed to live life.

They both sat down on the old wooden floor to have their breakfast, they were chatting and having their food leisurely.

Everyday, Raheem his father catches fish in the near by pond and cooks the fish and they have been eating delicously. Basheer climbs the tree near the pond and was watching his dad catching fish everyday.

One day, basheer in their morning walk, asked Raheem a basic thoughtful question

Basheer: pappa! What’s life ?

 Raheem( Father) : what a strange question ? Don’t you know what’s life??

Basheer: No, I’m not sure. Can you clear my doubt?

Raheem: yes, of course. Living is life. Helping others, doing no harm to others , to be in love and to be loved by others is life.

 Basheer thinks for few mins and asks again

Basheer : Does everything on this earth have life ??

Raheem : yes, everything has got its own life, even rocks has its own way of life, plants, animals and human beings . All is life !

Basheer : Then why do you kill fish everyday ? Aren’t you taking the fish life just for your food ? Why can’t we change to natural goods like fruits and veggies ?

Raheem nods his head and silently walks back to their house.

Later, Raheem started to grow trees and vegetables in their garden and changed to vegetarian

 And they go everyday to the pond to provide food for the fish instead of catching it and killing the fish.

Raheem and basheer lived a happy life in their village.

__END__

