Moral Story with Social Issue – Towards a new beginning

It was raining very heavily that day.  Ammini had to reach office in time as per the circular issued in this regard the previous day.  Travelling in a local train during peak hours in Mumbai was a herculean task.  Getting in and finally having  comfortable space to stand was considered an achievement. As Ammini had many acquaintances  in the 8.52 am local , she usually made it a point to get into the same compartment everyday. But ,today ,the rains wanted it otherwise.

As  she waited in the platform , she saw an old , frail lady with a a big sack sitting at the corner of one of the benches. Her hands were shivering and it seemed that she too , had missed her local. As each train approached, she made desperate attempts to get in with the huge sack, but was pushed out by the frantic crowd. Ammini wondered as to what compelled this poor lady to venture out in such bad weather. She wanted to strike a conversation but was a bit hesitant as to how she would react.

Each train that came in was more crowded than the previous one. The old lady , now remained seated, maybe tired of her attempts and was trying to lift the huge sack to place it on her lap as the platform was getting more dirtier and wet. Ammini rushed forward to lend her an helping hand .The old lady smiled and raised her hands halfway, maybe wanting  to bless her.  She pushed herself and made some space for Ammini. Touched by the concern the old lady showed, Ammini thanked her and took the seat though it was a bit uncomfortable. Not wanting to miss this golden opportunity, she put forth her question without any hesitation.

“Why do you want to travel in this weather, Aunty? You could have started a little later, isn’t it ?”

The old lady looked at Ammini ,smiled and said ,

“This is my business time. How can I let go of such an opportunity?”

Ammini was shocked and concerned ,too.

“What business, Aunty? Can you explain ? Is there nobody at your house who can manage this business?”

There was a pregnant pause . The old lady wiped her face and  looked at Ammini,

“Not actually business , my child.  I just sell some snacks  for the office goers and make a meagre earning out of  it . This is what I am capable of and this is the only way I can support myself. “

The tears and the pain in her face revealed all. Ammini became all the more curious…

“Is there nobody at home, Aunty? I mean , your children or any one else “

Now the tears were uncontrollable……Ammini felt a bit guilty. She said,

“Sorry,  if I ve hurt you in any way, Aunty. ”

“No, my child.  Not at all.  I had always wished for a daughter. If only I had a daughter who had such concern, I would have spent the twilight of my life in peace.  One daughter like you is equivalent to the five sons I have”

Ammini was shocked. She could not control herself ,

“Five sons and not even one to look after you. Where are they now ? ”

“ All are busy with their own families, my child .Who will want to look after an old haggard like me? They needed me when their children were young . As they have grown up , I am of no use to them now. Why will they burden themselves by keeping me ?. In fact, now I have no idea about their whereabouts, too ”

“Can any parent be a burden to their children ,Aunty ? I m sorry to say this , but a day will come when they will realize this but it will be too late by then ?

“ Calm down , my child. Let them be happy. As a mother, my blessings are always with them. Where does your mother live, my child ?”

Ammini’s eyes turned misty . So,strong ,divine and unconditional was a mother’s love. She came closer, held the old lady’s hands and pressed it hard.

“What’s wrong ,my child ? Is she alright ?”

“Lost her at a very young age .”

With choked emotions, Ammini turned her face away so as to hide her tears.

The old lady hugged her tight, so as to comfort her.

The trains entered and left the platform and the crowd was surging in. But Ammini was at peace. Nothing seemed to disturb her, and there was nothing more to say. Her silence conveyed all.  She smiled and whispered softly into the old lady’s ears ,

“I ve found my Amma “.

The old lady looked straight into Ammini’s eyes  . She could no longer contain her happiness. She found absolute silence in that crowded, noisy platform.

Ammini looked back , lifted her sack and guided her through the surging crowd and the rains.

They ,together, walked ahead ,  hands held tight, , towards a new beginning.

__END__

