Moral Short Story – Real beauty

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Rayon was at the peak of his life. He was a handsome, jovial, kind, helpful and considerate college going young man.. He was famous in his college as he was an all-rounder. He excelled both in academics as well as extracurricular things. Wherever he went, he was swarmed by a group of friends or to say, his admirers. He was the prime source of inspiration for his juniors and the perfect friend for everyone whom he knew. His parents were proud of him and so were his professors..

His sense of humor was astounding as he cracked jokes even when he was in the pits. Rayon was never proud or haughty and always was a shoulder for someone to lean on.. People admired and respected him..

One eventful day, when Rayon was returning from his friend’s home in his bike, he was hit by a truck driven by a drunkard.. He was thrown out of his bike and got hit in two more cars in a row. The most unfortunate part was, the driver didn’t even care about him and kept going on his way. People walking by rang up an ambulance and took him to a hospital. Rayon’s family friend working in the same hospital informed his parents about the sudden turn in their lives. Rayon suffered from multiple fractures in the hands and legs and had a noticeable crack on his skull. He also had a disfigured nose, a wholly damaged face and very low chance of survival let alone complete recovery.

His parents prayed day and night for him and after 3 days and 9 major surgeries, Rayon opened his eyes.. He was starting to recover slowly and when he acquired the strength to get up, he asked for a mirror. His parents hesitated but gave him what he wanted. He had a shock of his life when he saw his face. It seemed like he was wearing an irremovable mask of a monster. He looked so horrible that ugly was an understatement.  ‘I have lost my handsome face now nobody will like me’, thought Rayon.  With this thought stuck in mind, he refused to even talk to his friends. His friends were worried about this change in Rayon.

One day, while still in the hospital, Rayon was sulking as usual when he heard someone call him “hey!!”.

He turned to see a girl a little younger than he in the next bed.. She was wearing a veil over her face..

“I have been watching you for a few days now. Why are you sulking this much??” She asked..

Rayon was in no mood to explain but something inside him urged him to speak so he told her about his problem..

“Oh that’s all??”, asked the girl..

‘That’s all!!!! After telling all the problems in my life, “that’s all?” is what I get??’ thought Rayon angrily.. He didn’t say anything and the girl continued “you haven’t seen my face have you??” She removed her veil to reveal her face..

Rayon was breathless.. That girl’s face was more horrid than his.. It was like her face was barbecued.. “The house burst into flames” she shrugged.. “Lost my parents in the fire and I myself was about to die when my neighbors rescued me. They gave me only a 20% chance for survival but god made me stay here. Why are you so worried just about losing the looks of your face?? There are more people in the world who suffer a lot more than you do.. You must be happy that you are alive. Beauty lies not in the face but in the heart.. If your heart is pure, then nobody will mind how you look. Leave silly thoughts about losing friends.. They are still out there waiting for you, the real you to return and become their friend again.. Go. Don’t let them down”.

Rayon was still dazed by her face but he realized the truth in her words.. He immediately called his friends, apologized and asked them to come over if they can.. After his friends went, he turned to thank the girl but she had been shifted to a different ward by then..

Rayon, with his new found courage, stared the new phase of his life and soon even with his disfigured face and limping gait, he managed to return to the hearts of near and dear ones.. He remembers that girl to this day and even though he couldn’t trace her even after trying so much, he didn’t forget her voice and he too made it a routine to go to hospitals and encourage people in Rehabs..

–END–

