Moral Short Story – A Street Wanderer

Photo credit: 

 from 

He has nowhere to go now and he is now just a street wanderer and nothing else. Why? After all what is the reason behind it?

Carl belonged to a very well off and a rich family, his father was by all means the richest man of the town and to quite an extent Carl was proud of the wealth he had and he always thought that he was superior to the others and he had the authority to do anything he wants.

According to the routine Carl woke up early in the morning, brushed his teeth, wore his uniform, ate his breakfast and he went to school. His mood was very upset in the very first lecture of the day, the English class had already started. The topic of today was “What would be my profession when I grow up”.

Sir James started to ask every one what they would become when they grow up, some said A doctor, some said engineer, some said A business man and some said a banker.  When sir James asked Carl what would he like to become he answered “I wouldn’t become anything I would just sit back and enjoy the luxuries of life with my dad’s bank balance”.

Sir James got shattered after listening to his answer and he addressed Carl in a polite manner “My son work hard with determination and earn a name for your self”.

Carl didn’t pay any attention to what Sir James told him and he started looking at the watch. The next class started, it was of French, and coincidently the topic in French was the same as that of in English. Miss Emma too started asking everyone the same question that Sir James had asked earlier in the English class. Everyone answered the same what they had answered earlier, and Carl was no exception in it.

Miss Emma got shattered too after listening Carl’s answer. Miss Emma stepped forward and tried to address Carl, and Carl in the meantime didn’t bothered to even wait for Miss Emma to speak anything and he slapped Miss Emma on her face. Everyone in the class had their hands on their mouths and they were all in a state of shock including Miss Emma. Miss Emma immediately took Carl to the principle office. Carl showed no interest in staying in the office and he misbehaved with the principle of the school as well and left the office.

He reached his home, took off his shoes and smashed them in the wall in shear anger, and he switched on his laptop. Days passed by and he was now 20 years old, he was no more a kid. His routine was to go to clubs and casinos with a bunch of losers and used to be out all night long, sometimes he didn’t even bothered returning back home even. He kept his parents in a fool’s paradise and they always thought that he stays out the whole night for group studies with his friends , they were un aware of the reality.

One day a man came to Carl and told him that his father’s factory had been put on fire and it was his friends who had done this. Suddenly he heard the siren of an ambulance, the ambulance stopped outside his house and Carl immediately rushed outside too see. Dead bodies were being taken out of the ambulance , Carl saw two dead bodies there, one of his father and the other of his mother. Carl fainted the moment he looked at the dead bodies.

After few days when Carl got a little stable, he was told by the lawyer that the house in which he was living did not belong to his father in fact it was a loan, and his father was under heavy debt. Carl was forced to leave his house his property and his cars, even his clothes. Now he had nothing to do but to become a street wanderer.

__END__

