Short Story Moral – ANGELS OF AGNES

Photo credit: 

 from 

 ***

Agnes looked fondly at Chaitra.

“I can see that the school is in safe hands, Chaitra,” Agnes said to Mrs. Chaitra Motwani, the new Principal, while handing over charge to her.

“I’ll try to measure up to the high standards set by you, Miss Agnes.”

“I am sure you will, my dear, I am sure.”

***

“Oh! Miss Agnes, it is time for the farewell. Shall we…?”

“Already!” Agnes sighed deeply. “Let’s go, Chaitra…Oh! No, madam Principal.” She chuckled.

Chaitra smiled and held Agnes’ hand.

“Come, madam.”

Minutes later, they entered the auditorium, filled chock-a-block, to a tumultuous welcome.

***

***

***

The soft pull on her floral, shin-length, gown jolted Agnes into the present.

“Oh, dear! It’s you Hansika!”

Hansika was an inmate at 

 Agnes had a special bonding with the little girl. Years ago, her mother left the girl on the footsteps of the children’s” home with a brief note. The words were indelibly etched in Agnes’ memory.

Agnes never let Hansika know about the note.

“Good evening, Miss Agnes.” Hansika was holding a deep-pink rose in her chubby hands.

“Is it for me, darling?”

“Yes, Miss Agnes.”

“Thanks, darling.” Agnes accepted the rose, bent over and planted a soft kiss on the girl’s cheek. Hansika blushed and scampered away.

Agnes sighed deeply and continued with the packing. It was her last day as the Principal of 

School.

***

The entire school – faculty, staff and students – stood in their places and sang 

Agnes walked slowly towards the waiting autorickshaw, her eyes clouded by sheen of tears, while Hansika walked with her, holding her hand.

Moments later, the autorickshaw sped away through the main gates of 

School

 

The shining golden letters of the epitaph engraved on polished black granite headstone read:

 

 

Dr. Hansika placed a bouquet of flowers beneath the headstone, stood up from a kneeling position and slowly walked away. She stopped in her stride, turned around and looked at the grave. Miss Agnes, in her customary floral-printed shin-length gown and a leather belt at the waist, was languorously floating above the grave. She seemed to wave at Hansika.

Hansika murmured, 

She smiled, waved back at her Miss Agnes and walked away to her husband and daughter.

***

 

