Moral Short Story – NICE SHOP KID’S CHOICE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rajesh felt very much uncomfortable. He was watching a boy, who accidently slipped and fell in the open wide hole.

He said, “Oh my God… Where are you Mahesh? Come and save little boy.”

There was no response from Mahesh.

Rajesh and Mahesh were twin brothers. They were running a petty shop in Gurunagar village. In the morning children aged between 8 to 10 years rushed to the shop for purchase of toffees, candy and biscuits. Shop opens at 7 a.m. The requirement of the children was different from one boy to another. All the children were holding cash on one hand and another hand demanding the eatable. These children had already planned a funny game. Everybody was forcing the shop keeper to give eatables first. As per their funny game, those who receive first would be the winner. Rajesh told them to come one by one. In the process one boy Abhay accidently slipped and fell down in an open wide hole.

By birth Rajesh was weak. He always sits in the shop. If any unwanted situation arises, he would call his younger brother. Mahesh was quite opposite. He was strong and bold to face any kind of situations. Mahesh spend most of the time outside. His duties include purchase of stocks from a nearby town, bring food daily from his native village, recovery of money from the customers, managing the bank account and look after the day to day problems. On July 30th both had performed their 30th birth day. It was a unique day for the brothers performing birth day on the same day. Rajesh was born one hour early to Mahesh. Although Rajesh was weak, he used to sit in a particular place for a long time and attend to customers. Both were hard workers in their duties. People like them for their soft attitude, kind heartedness and hard work.

Brothers were managing the shop with perfect mutual understanding. They were staying just behind the shop. It was a funny game for the children and headache for the shop keeper.

Rajesh could not control the children. The little boy Abhay was crying for help. The children were upset to see the condition of Abhay. Observing the pitiable condition of Abhay, Rajesh stopped giving the children their choice and came out of the shop. He lifted the boy up with the help of other children. It was difficult for him to lift the boy from the open wide hole due to the boy’s overweight. The boy was safe with minor injuries on thigh, right leg and left side shoulder.

By the time Mahesh returned, he saw the miserable condition of the boy. He came to know the mishap happened just few minutes before. He was also told that Rajesh lifted him up. He brought first aid box for immediate treatment. Mahesh washed injured portion with warm water applied ointment. Bandage was wrapped. After ten minutes the boy recovered with cheerfulness. He expressed thanks to twin brothers.

Mahesh took Abhay to his house and told his parents about the accident. The boy was taken to hospital for treatment. Rajesh advised the children not to play such senseless game in future and spend time in reading and writing.

 Abhay’s father went to shop to express thanks.

He said, “This place is like a home! Not just a shop, everybody feel friendship and kindness. I am proud to say that in a small village like Gurunagar, good brothers like Rajesh and Mahesh are here.”

Mahesh called some young people for voluntary work. The open wide hole was filled up with good soil. The twin brothers belong to another village Sompur situated on the other side of the river bank. Their father Muniyappa was a small farmer in the village. In Sompur the school was up to 4th standard. Both the brothers studied up to fourth standard.

By the time they were grown up, Muniyappa thought to engage them in a small business. He decided to set up a provision shop at Gurunagar.

“Why do you select Gurunagar instead of Sompur?” Asked Muniyappa’s wife

“The village Gurunagar is just five kilometers from Sompur. If the river is dried up the distance is three kilometers only. Moreover it is a big village on the state highway.”

She agreed to send their children to Gurunagar.

On the auspicious day the Shop was opened in the presence of villagers including kids, youths, old men and women. Among them the local bank manager was also present. He was impressed to see the brothers for their sincere efforts to open a new shop. He told them to contact the bank any time for financial assistance. Rajesh and Mahesh expressed thanks to the manager.

After one year, the progress of the shop was unimaginable. It was possible only due to the sustained efforts of brothers and the finance provided by the bank. Their special qualities like determination, ambition, loyalty, patience and courage helped to achieve progress.

Once Mahesh was coming back from his village Sompur took the short route as the river bed was dried up. When he was in the middle, suddenly heavy water was flowing at a fastest speed due to opening of dam gates just three kilometers away. Whenever water level reaches danger point, the dam staff opens the gates. As a result of this, Mahesh caught up in the river. He did not become scary and swam to reach the river bank. His box containing food was washed away in the water. The villagers were watching Mahesh struggling hard. He reached the other end. One of the villagers knowing his difficulty took him to his house and provided food for the both.

The popularity of nice shop extended beyond Gurunagar. Thursday was the weekly market day in Gurunagar. On this day people from Gurunagar and other villages open make’ shift shops. The main activities include sale of grocery, vegetables, fruits and grains. Twin brother’s shop was very near to weekly market place. It was like a mini fare. Nice shop gets good business on that day.

If you work hard and you’re simple and kind hearted certainly amazing things will happen.

__END__

