Moral Short Story – An Achievement

Photo credit: 

 from 

She is very excited about the results. She finished her exams 10 days back and results were about to be declared that day. The exam results arrived. She is very excitedly waiting for her result. Not that she will be first in her class but for she getting passed in those exam that she was excited. Because the exam she had written was one of the most toughest that she had attended than the before ones.

But to her surprise her name didn’t get declared. She is depressed for the reason that she had failed. There is no other way again to write the exam again until next year.  But surprise came to her way saying that she TOPPED the examination with a very high percentage. She is not able to believe that she is the first in her college.

There is no bounds for her happiness. She felt very proud and happy of herself because this success didn’t come so easily for her. It took 18 long years for her to succeed and get a top rank in her college.

Her story goes this way. Ms.Vidya Murthy is the daughter of a poor teacher in their village  Mr.Rama Murthy.  Her parents worked hard to meet their family needs. They joined Vidya in a school near by their house. She worked very hard always to get a 1st rank in her school. But never she achieved it because she used to work hard but others used to work still more harder and achieved the 1st rank. she always used to get an 8th or 10th rank.

She completed her schooling had entered into her intermediate level.  That is the most toughest level of study in her life. But she faced the competition with a lot of courage. Though she  faced the competition but failed to achieve the rank she aspired to get.

Now she entered into an engineering college. Finally she lost hope on achieving a first rank. But she changed the way of study. She planned a good strategy to study and followed accordingly. To her surprise she topped not only her class but the whole college. Now she is the first ranker of her college.

Then she understood the way of life. The moral is not just working hard makes us achieve our goals. But a perfect strategy planned correctly and intelligently combined with a hard work makes a person achieve their goals.

Now she started a business and is having a very planned, strategical and happy life. She made her parents also proud of her achievement.

Moral of her life is “a perfect and intelligent practice makes a person perfect”

__END__

