Moral Story – LOST GIRL IN SEARCH OF MEANING “LIFE”

Photo credit: 

 from 

A 25 year old young, beautiful, talented, educated independent girl wakes up a fine morning with a fear of her life. She’s lost in life. Hammered with pressure on redefining what the meaning of life is all about.

She’s working with a happy satisfied salary and colleagues, she has the world’s best parents to support and her elder sisters more her younger for her knowledge still she is lost. Every evening she walks down her way she always question her inner sense WHAT IS LIFE? Trying to figure out some answers, for that day which actually helps her sleep peacefully. Every day she sleep she’d some consolation which was not one still she slept. Right the next morning she woke up with the same symbol “?”.

That morning she had a glimpse of my 25 years of life; she wanted to understand herself, she wanted to know where life is taking her or where she’s taking her life. She just wanted an actual definition for a successful living. She started recalling happiest moment of life; she got many different scenarios which she felt is not the key to her answer so she concluded that it all lied in ourselves which actually makes us happy. It’s called nature of life / living that “ACCEPT LIFE AS IT COMES “which is the key to your health, happiness, and peace is what she digested.

So what is she given this LIFE now? Have one ever got this question? Since the moment we are born we are just meant to follow footsteps of all our ancestors, we learn, we grow, we get educated, we become knowledgeable, and we get experienced; Is this it Life? When you are living your last days of life, you leisurely sit and cherish the moments you lived but does it make you proud , out of the world? Are you unique? Did you try to be a footsteps to anything ‘NEW’ in this world?

All these questions started haunting her that day. She tried figuring out everything happening around her unusual, she felt things are not as people are taking it. Having the most precious birth as humans it is our priority that we contribute towards the thankfulness of having it. Are we contributing it.?

She decided to make this a principal of living, she wanted to preach this idea in an effective way that from birth to death it is not just a living you live as you are taught to live. Love life back, give it a thanksgiving which in turn makes you happy. She took her planner to start away in what ways she could make it viral in the market. She learnt the fastest media which is more effective , she spoke to people about it she wrote on blogs she posted on all her social media. People saw the post, they replied to it, people appreciated the same , people said its right, people wrote that its been implanted in art of living in many a preaches still she had no satisfaction on the changes she strived to make.

On all this base of her effort one fine day a man approaches her with a boutique of white orchids expecting at her office door to meet her inquisitively. Shocked and surprised girl walks down to the person with her awful smile. There lies a small tag which said”thanks for a life definer”. Seeing the same, girl was eager to know how did she contribute in changing him his life starts her conversation, unfortunately he had a complete bag of sign language board which answered her question. She wept within, she took him to a coffee shop started her conversation with a question that why has he approached her to thank her. He explained with all his sign language which she suffered to learn. She tried convincing him to write on a paper which couldn’t  happen. End of the day she left him with a smile and gave her contact number for any kind of support.

All night the incident kept her awake. She took her laptop with much more thought of helping people in proving life they live. She started posting incidents which is against the human kind in an informative way. She learnt from her own experience and one fine day she receives a message with the same lines “Thanks for a life definer” , she was inquisitive to know who was the person she dialled her heart leaping faster with excitement….a man speaks up HELLO! She replied hey.. are you the same man whom I met at my office? A feeble voice turned up with an YES. She was surprised that he could talk,  she had many questions on her mind still holding her breathe she asked…How are you?

He hung up his call dropping a text..Please meet me @ ….(Orphan Hospital) by 1PM.

She walked down her way to meet him and carried some basket of fruits and edibles for people there. She reached the place. She could see a very serene atmosphere with pre-lunch prayer, so she waited. After the lunch she met the office personnel and explained that she wanted to meet a person whom she don’t even know by name. She looked all around for him , he was not there. Slightly disappointed, unknown answers in her mind she walked off the place giving those edibles to all present there. She tried understanding why was she sent to an orphanage which was serene.

She received a small leaflet before coming out about the origin of the hospital and their views which was as normal as other orphan hospital, finally a small column was printed which said all her views & thoughts, her intentions in more descriptive way, her effort at a single shot written down the same tag line “Thanks for a life definer”.

She dialled the person and asked what did all this say, why was the day planned and how did it relate her.

He just conveyed that “You redefined my life”, your thoughts & effort in making world understand the value of human kind inspired him to serve orphans who are at the verge of death. He said it’s a thanksgiving to his life and her for her inspirational words.

All her effort on a glimpse came out as a tear…which in turn  helped her to have a satisfaction of some portion that she could BE A HUMAN KIND.

–END–

