Short Story Moral – The SHE : a dauntless warrior

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today, I realized how difficult it is to pen down one’s most horrifying memory. Thanks to that angel who provided me with this strength..Yes, this story is about her. SHE was in her early twenty with a princess face and lot more enthusiasm. Undoubtedly a princess. Though her dad is not any royalty. He is a simple and an honest IPS officer.

We both shared sisterly link though we were not related by blood.. SHE was only good thing about my boardings life. Since SHE was older to me and no doubt more mature than me I use to feel safe in her company. SHE often helped me get out of my ennui.

Like every other days, we left for our morning walk session at nearby stadium in Khelgaon unware of the gruesome plans of some predatory stalkers.

Don’t remember when they made their way.When we both felt the sense of some conspiracy we took to our heels and ran straight to the car. But unfortunately she couldn’t make it and fell prey to those bogeys.

I still remember screaming at the top of my lungs as they grapped hold of her.

Those inhuman boogers dragged her to their car. I was sent in a state of limbo still however I managed to make a call to my dad.

But by the time police reached, SHE had lost everything. They took her soul. They raped her and threw her out of the moving car like a dead fish.

SHE was barely conscious.

Witnessing it was one of the most uncomfortable and emotionally challenging moments I’ve ever had.

All culprits after committing this sinful act had successfully absconded. SHE was admitted to hospital. Soon her family reached too and tried their best to comfort her but they themselves were broken inside.

Amid all pains and tears a voice came up ” Dad I’m still your princess na ?”. Even heaven would have broken into pieces at this painful voice of a brave lady. Her dad shook his head with teary eyes and hugged her tight. SHE wiped her tears and told ” I am still alive dad. God has a purpose for me. I have defeated him. ” Her voice was more confident though full of pain. Every moments of this painful and emotional scene was choking my heart. A lot was happening deep inside me. Head was filled with frightful scenes of that nerve wrecking incidence..

Days passed and my situation worsened. SHE was battling quite well but her every bit of pain was transferred in me. I started waking up at nights with an uneasiness down my gut. I wanted to run away from this city. I started avoiding social gatherings and locked myself in my room. One day at night my phone rang. Oh Jesus! SHE was there. It was a goodbye call from her. SHE was leaving for Delhi to catch up her dreams. My eyes were filled with tears again but this time there was some unknown inner bliss. I was happy to see her battling to get better. No doubt I was going to miss her.

SHE loved people. All SHE ever wanted was people and world to love her back. How could someone take this innocence and abuse it emotionally and physically?

After SHE moved to Delhi I was again thrown back to humdrum life of this city. I had developed a cold demeanor against this city and society of course. But amid all these negativity only thing changed was my attitude towards life.  SHE made me more mature and conscious. My life has always been reserved and in cave which still continues.

Pain had not yet left me alone. It’s been two years,I was following my daily routine of going through news headlines. Yes this was a time of being face to face with my hidden pain. Again that strange ache in my heart was felt. The one I was waiting for. Yes, the newspaper headline was serving as panacea for me. The headline was shouting the victory of an young IPS officer in nabbing the culprits of our life. SHE battled it alone and made a grand and heroic comeback in my city and indeed in my life. SHE finally defeated them.

So this was the purpose and dream of her life SHE was talking about.  My pain and that uneasiness down my gut was no more alive.  SHE took her respect back and was no more considered a pariah by our chauvinist society.

Don’t know which saint gave her an amulet to ward off all evils. Even heaven would be showering encomium on her grand victory.

SHE is indeed a graceful angel.

This dauntless fighter taught me to do something uncomfortable today, by stepping out of my box.

You don’t have to settle for what you are and suffer for what you have gone through. You get to create who you want to become.

–END–

