Moral Story – “DON’T TALK RUBBISH”

Photo credit: 

 from 

When we hear this, we are defused. We are diminished. We are reduced. We are mitigated. We are ashamed. We are mortified. The effect some words like this are so severe that they kill our enthusiasm. The budding writer Bob is facing the awkward situation, when he joined the office of “Mirror” magazine.

Editor Homer is a famous writer and he expects all his staff should write with his standards. Bob likes him and his writings. But many writers are not as good as his characters in his stories. Bob knows that Homer is mad when he is angry and who knows when he is angry.

When Bob came for interview, Homer saw his credentials. He liked his writings. What he read is Bob’s best story. He said Bob that he will be No.1 in his magazine and his name will be popular along with Homer for the best writings in the magazine.

Bob was very happy. He thought he will be king in Mirror. Mirror shows your face and Bob thought that Mirror will show Bob’s face as big. That is what he expected. Bob wrote many articles and stories. Some are published. Very few are appreciated. But Homer appreciated all his articles. He liked all his stories like great stories.

But those great stories are not coming in the magazine. As parallel ones, HOMER’s stories are coming with swift alterations in HOMER STYLE. The Mirror is so much acclaimed and Homer is becoming so much popular that Bob is getting day by day mortified. He is getting day by day diminished.

Every day, he is in the room of the editor Homer. What they talk, nobody knows. But they know just one thing. They hear just one thing. Homer is angry and in high pitch he scolds Bob.

“DON”T TALK RUBBISH”

Other writers in the office know that Homer is just extreme in happiness and also in anger.

They all know only one thing. Homer treats them well. He encourages them to write better and better. He expects to see them write the good stuff.

But he never cries like this with them. It only happens with Bob. They don’t know why it happens only to him. Why he cries and scolds Bob only that “Don’t talk rubbish.”

Bob says nothing. Homer also never talks much and more, After he cries, Bobs comes out and go home.

The other day, they both again sit together. They drink beer, dine together. They discuss. They write.

People think that nothing happened in between Homer Simpson and Bob Carter. Who knows what heart feels when mortified. Bob knows well that all the flattering of Homer is less than his bad and the worst answers along with his motives under cover.

There are four more editors and one secretary in the office. The secretary Debby is somewhat close to Homer for asking things that the editors cannot ask Homer.

One day Debby found Homer in happy mood. He finished his bottle of beer and good lunch, That day, Bob was on leave. Debby entered the cabin of Homer and smiled.

“Yes, what do you want to ask Debby?” Homer asked her.

He knows by her way of hesitation that she is going to ask him something that is not related to job.

“Sir, you are often getting angry and saying to Bob that don’t talk rubbish. I don’t know why you are getting so much angry. I doubt…” Debby did not finish her sentence.

“Stop asking about the rubbish..It is rubbish.. and rubbish..” Homer was angry.

Debby did not answer and looking at him with some unknown feeling that Bob is really irritating Homer.

“He says, I am stealing his stories…” Homer said in his irritation and soon he found his mistake.

“Get out! Don’t irritate me with your questions.” Homer said with his angry face.

Debby came out of the room like a timid cat seeing a ferocious dog coming to catch her.

 *****

Bob came the other day and everybody is looking at him with wonder. He is called in to Homer’s room. The day is gone as usual. In the evening, as usual Homer was in happy mood. Bob is tired.

“I know pretty well. You are stealing my stories sir.”

Bob said citing some examples, as usual. This time Homer was more angry.

“Don’t talk rubbish.” Homer said as usual.

“Rubbish..How many times I have to talk rubbish?”

“You are a fool. Fool of no use. Get out.” Homer said with unusual anger.

Bob also got angry. He is hurt. He came out of the office. He roamed idle on the roads around the office. He sat some time on park. He thought that he should stop going to the office. He thought to resign the job and go to some other city. But he is unable to digest the anger of Homer. When he is right, he has the right to ask and fight. Nobody in the office knows that how much he is hurt every day. He is getting pain after pain every day. Homer is his big pain master. There is nothing in the life that kills this pain.

Bob did not come to office. Nobody knows what happened. Bob is not in the room.

Homer was unhappy for his way of treating Bob like that. He understood his mistake. But it is too late. By that Homer changed, Bob was out of reach. What has been happened to Bob is not known.

In summer holidays, Homer went to nearby village to spend his holidays. That is the village based on fishing. That village is called fishermen cove. He saw a young fisher man who is looking like Bob.

“Bob..” Homer called him.

He did not look at the call.

He ran towards that man. He stopped. Homer asked him, “You are Bob. BOB Carter, Right?”

He smiled and answered him, “No sir. I am peter. The Bob you are telling is also looking like me, I know.”

Homer asked about him.

“I don’t know anything about him sir. He came to this village few months back. But he does not answer for any question we ask. He moved like a mad man in rags. One day we saw his dead body on the shore. People think him as my brother. I helped in his cremation.”He said.

Homer is like dead. He moved from there and returned home. Mirror received Homer’s resignation. He is not in position to work in the office. Mirror advertised for the editor. After interview, Bob is selected as the editor for Mirror.

Bob’s meeting in Fishermen cove is a secret. Nobody knows that Bob is in that village for some time and when he saw Homer, he became the fisherman and as a real cruel character in his story, he took his vengeance. He is more than wicked than Homer.

Homer is not in a position to know the truth. He is in his retired toxic languor. The sluggishness or lack of any activity in him is unknown to anyone. Nobody knows what is problem.

Some problems are created by us and we are so delicate by heart that no human knows how much fire is there in our heart. Heart is the store house of feelings like volcanic eruption. Nobody knows when it comes. When it comes, man remains not just like a man and he becomes inhuman.

 

_END_

