Social Short Story – GOOD AND BAD

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

OLD WINE-1

GOOD AND BAD

Once up on a time, there was a poor man in a village. He chose a profession of selling honey. He was good by nature. His honey was also good in quality. His words were sweeter than his honey. He keeps his good honey in a neat, good pot and carries the pot of honey on his head. He goes to each and every house in the village and requests the people to buy honey from him.

“We don’t need honey now. Please come after one week” Someone says.

“Thank you sir, I will come after one week. Please buy honey from me. I am a poor man and selling honey is my source of living.” He says in a sweet tone.

People like his humble requests and started buying honey from him. His honey is pure and good in quality, so people liked buying honey from him.

Slowly his honey business improved and he is becoming rich.

This poor man became rich. His neighbor is a bad man. He thinks to do badly and he harms people as he gets entertainment in seeing people suffer. He wanted to spoil the honey business of good man. He observed the way of business and rates he was selling honey. He came to know that the margin of profit is very low.

The bad man wanted to do the same honey business to spoil the good man’s hard earned bread. He purchased lot of honey from many sources giving higher price and for purchasing this; he took loans from many people.  His idea is to make the good man suffer from lack of availability of honey.

The good man was unknown of all these things done by the bad man. He thought that he could not get sufficient honey as naturally honey is less in the market. So he slowed down his business and waited for good times.

The bad man was happy that he could stop the good man doing his normal business. Now, he started mixing cheap local liquid Jaggery in pure honey and tried to sell it in the houses.

“Hi everybody! Hear me! Cheap Honey! Buy now! If you don’t buy from me, you die by buying from others. You cannot get this for this cheap rate tomorrow.” He keeps on crying in the village.

The voice of the bad man is very bad as his heart. His words are like pins hurting them. So people did not buy honey from him. But the good man is not coming to sell honey. So people are helpless and started buying honey. They immediately noticed that the honey is not pure. They asked the bad man to take his honey back. But he did not accept.

“You bought it, now you are the owner of this product. I don’t take back. My honey is good. If your honey is not good, pour it on road. I don’t bother for your actions.“ The bad man says like this.

So people came to know that the man is bad and buying from him is their mistake. They stopped buying from him.

In few days, the bad man picked quarrel with everyone in the village. His total honey is now spoiled and no one was ready to buy it. He could not payback the debts and interest for the money he borrowed.

One night he drowned all his honey in the canal and flew to some unknown place to save his head from the people who gave huge moneys as loans to him.

Good words are sweet like pure honey everybody likes. Bad words are like jiggery mixed honey. Bad words are like plastic flowers and do not have fragrance. Let us learn speaking good words to please people or let us stop speaking. I heard long back one Urdu couplet which says that paper flowers may be very beautiful, but they do not give fragrance as the artificial thoughts.

ASALIYAT CHIP NAHIN SAKTI BANAVAT KE USOOLON SE

 KHUSHBOO AA NAHIN SAKTI KAGAZ KE PHOOLON SE

(The truth cannot be hidden from the artificial principles as fragrance cannot come from the paper flowers.)

–END–

