Moral Short Story – BEAT YOUR FEAR

Photo Credit: 

“You have just one more chance to prove you can do it”, the words of my instructor echoed and reechoed in my ears as I got into the plane. Fear was a natural thing, I had heard and I had a common fear which a lot of others had: I was afraid of heights. I had been afraid of even looking down from a high building.

This fear had been with me from as long as I could remember. It was to overcome my crippling fear of heights that I had decided to join the parachute school. I had gone through a vigorous routine to prepare myself for the big moment. Than at the signal to jump, I had shivered and trembled and started screaming in fear. The instructor had taken me by the hand and led me back into the plane. I was the only one that day who had taken off in the plane and landed-instead of jumping out of it in a parachute. As my companions met me at the base they smirked. I could see that even my good friends were uncomfortable in my presence. I was a failure.

Then my instructor took me aside. He explained that it was not rare to be afraid. The real valor was in facing and overcoming the fear. I nodded and began to engage in self-talk. In the plane I was still doing this. I kept thinking how I was going to go home and face my parents if I did not get my wings. Then I tried to shutout the fear by imagining myself showing them my wings. The time for the jump grew near.

The instructor placed his arm on my shoulder to reassure me that I could do it. I nodded and swallowed. My mouth felt dry as I felt the fear arising within me, shiver ran down my spines. I began mumbling affirmations again and then it was my turn. “Jump!” I heard the command and hesitated. “Jump!” shouted the instructor again. I thought no further and took the plunge fairly as I had been drilled.”Bravo” I heard my instructor’s voice in my ears. I fell swiftly and then looked up just in time to see the parachute canopy open above me. Then I looked down.

As I looked at the beautiful scenario below me, tears glittered into my deep blue eyes, tears of pure joy. I had won. As I floated I remembered all my drills again and began to control my gliding. When I landed, my comrades were upon me laughing and shouting. I could see that they were as contented as I was that I had overcome the greatest enemy of man that is fear.

Later my instructor landed and gave me a large grin.”I knew you could do it,” he said as he slapped my back, His face beamed with astonishment and mirth. I mumbled my thanks as a smile creased my face and then we ran to the truck with a tremendous feeling of elation.

“When do we do it again, sir?” I asked the instructor. His reply was drowned in the shouting of my comrades.

__END__

