Moral Sort Story – Discovered Beauty

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a story of a village Mahua, almost 50 years back, when in India at various places the grooms were not allowed to see their bride before marriage. When the bride arrives into the village the mother in law along with other village women use to see the face of bride and do the rituals.

The same procedure were being carried in Dindayal son’s marriage, but just after opening the face of the bride the mother in law was shocked and the village women started murmuring the bride is so dark in colour, the bride is so dark in colour.

Dindayals wife started scolding her husband- “How do you accept this girl? She is totally dark, her hands, fingers, foot all are totally dark. She should be sent back to her house.”

Dindayal’s brother Moloy started saying – “You don’t have eyes, how can you accept this girl for your handsome son Niranjan, why have you got ready for this marriage. Why did not you asked them clearly about the girl and collect information about the bride.”

Other People also started complaining to Dindayal and Dindayal keeping his head down listening to all the words. He said, “I have asked the girls father but they said his daughter is quite beautiful.”

Then all the villagers decided to send back the bride to her father’s house.

Suddenly Niranjan, the groom, appears. He is Six feet tall, fair and handsome guy. He was watching all these conversations and saw his father head down then he addressed to the villagers and said :

“Respected kind selves, before sending the bride back please listen to my few words. All the human being’s are created by god, and no one is responsible for his skin colour whether fair or dark. Every colour has its own beauty, because we appreciate the hair and eyes which are in black colour. If we disrespect someone because of his / her colour then we disrespect God because he / she have no fault in that. This girl is now my destiny as my father and my god has selected her for me.”

Then he moves towards the car where her bride was sitting with tear in her eyes. His bride just bow down infront of Niranjan and said, “Please don’t let me go back to my house, my father will commit suicide and I will never ever be able to forgive myself. I am ready to accept to be like your slave but please don’t send me back”

Niranjan wipe her tears and said – “You are not my slave but you are my life partner who will always be with me for the whole life and I promise to be yours till my last breath. Who said you are not beautiful? Ask your mother, she will say you are the most beautiful girl in the earth and as my wife I will answer that you are the most beautiful lady in the earth.

Have you ever notice that in rainy day people use to bother about clouds, about streets full of water, but there are few people who enjoy watching towards Rainbow and leaving paper boats in the water. Let them view the cloud and I can view the rainbow in you. Beauty is not what it appears but beauty is about how it is being viewed”.

The bride was contented and calmed after listening to Niranjan. Everyone respected the decision of Niranjan and welcome the bride and all the rituals started.

Today is his 50th anniversary and both Niranjan and his wife are enjoying their marraige anniversary with a son Rohan and daughter Richa. Niranjan keeps his promise for the whole life.

Sometime I feel it is true that people says this earth is still existing due to the honesty and wisdom of people like Niranjan.

__END__

