Moral Story – A True Martyr

Credit 

This encouraging story is just my imagination on how our soldiers, dedicate their whole life, and dies with dignity for motherland. Here I portrayed, Imtiyaz,the true martyr, as a patriotic soldier, and a responsible citizen of India.

A True Martyr

Imtiyaz, the only child of Iqbal and Rubina lives with some of his family, who after independence shifted from Lahore to Jammu. From childhood,Imtiyaz heard enthusiastic stories from his Daadujaan, of brave and patriotic persons, Subhash Chandra Bose, Gandhiji,Maulana Azad, who devoted their life for nation.This guy got inspired so much that he became passionate to join Indian Army and contribute his best for his motherland . Other than studies, he was very fond of singing and playing guitar, when he hang out with some of his close friends.Everyone gets involved in, when he sang his favourite song of a well known movie,’Jaaney Bhi Do Yaaron’-:

हम होंगे कामयाब….,हम होंगे कामयाब…..,हम होंगे कामयाब..एक दिन……

 हो……मन में है विश्वास, पूरा है विश्वास

 हम होंगे कामयाब एक दिन……..

His zeal of joining army was not that easy task, as relatives and neighbours criticized his fascination saying,

“ For bright future it’s better to opt for engineering or MBA as your Abbu and Chacha did, and today they are successful enough to feed their family. Soldiers career is hail, they don’t get a good salary accept some gallantry award, even there is a risk of life ”.

Imtiyaz was least bothered of what everyone said and as we know, if your goal is clear then no obstacles can stop you to accomplish it. Abbu and Ammi first opposed Imtiyaz’ aspiration, but later for sake of their beloved son got convinced. After plus two, he started preparing for NDA (National Defence Acadamy) and got selected ,it was a dream come true for Imtiyaz. With blessings and good wishes of family, he joined three years academic training at Dehradun. Tough training schedule exhausted many cadets that some of them left academy, but Imtiyaz didn’t . During training Imtiyaz befriends other cadets Amit, Rohan, Shakti, accept Gopal who gave him weird look and hurt his sentiments,

“He is not a true martyr, so, unreliable to take responsibility of a brave Indian soldier, its better if he joins ISI as militant to fight for their Jihad as they do”

As a calm and composed guy Imtiyaz never got panic with these stupid talks as he very clearly knew his objective of joining this academy and remembers that one day with his passion of work will definitely persuade whole nation that he is a devoted Indian Army soldier. He encouraged himself with the Academy Honour Code(N.D.A.)

“I believe that a cadet must be loyal,

 truthful, trustworthy, honest and

 forthright under all circumstances.

 I will not lie, cheat or steal, nor will I

 mislead or deceive any one.

 I undertake to faithfully live up to this

 code and to continuously encourage

 my comrades to do so”.

Today, all cadets were invited for a New Year eve party, where Imtiyaz on personal request of Col.Rathore, gives his live performance on guitar with melodious song of bollywood movie,’Border’

संदेशे आते हैं,हमें तड़पाते हैं………..

 की घर कब आओगे,लिखो कब आओगे…

 की तुम बिन ये घर सुना..सुना…..है

Everyone cherish and welcome New Year by singing this beautiful song in chorus. While they were returning back, Imtiyaz saw a minor girl was vigorously beaten and dragged inside a car by two men, she was howling with pain . He follows that car,stops it, they asked him to stay away otherwise he will be killed, Imtiyaz understood something is wrong, there had a fight, the two men ran away leaving that girl who faints with bleeding .After having first aid,she says her name Nura , studies in class eight and want to become a teacher, but her father and brother sold her for forty thousand rupees to a family in Delhi, as laborer. With Imtiyaz and other cadets aptitude, police arrested Nura’s family, and send her to ‘Child and Welfare Society’,where she could get all benifits for building her future. She gratefully salutes Imtiyaz and other Jawans for their moral support.

Three formative years at the academy instil in the cadets a sense of intense belonging,bonding and feeling of oneness. Breaking bread and training together engender the spirit of camaraderie which in the ultimate analysis forms the bedrock of inter-service cooperation in times to come. Herein are shown the seeds of ‘Jointmanship‘,the new mantra of coordinated inter-service strategy.

Time comes when cadets are ready to prove themselves for what they learned and gained from their academic training. Iqbal and Rubina comes for ‘Marching Out Parade’, where their son will be honoured as lieutenant, going to serve and represent himself as an Indian soldier, posted to Srinagar. As proud parents, Iqbal hugs him and says

“So Lieutenant Imtiyaz, you are ready to give your best to your motherland, good luck my boy, may Allah fulfill all your dreams”

All cadets says goodbye with good wishes to each other and joins their different postings. The cadet during his sojourn at the NDA holds many a thing close to his heart.By merging his identity with others, he gains the solace of a herd, the power of team and the leverage of a group.This attribute of solidarity stand him in good stead during testing time and crunch situations. Some close buddies Amit and Rohan also joins Srinagar posting with Imtiyaz, now they very well knows each others family and their whole life. One day during lunch, Amit told Imtiyaz, he is planning his younger sisters marriage,who is teacher by profession, till date he couldn’t get a suitable match , as some boys family asks for a heavy dowry which he can’t afford, and some asks to leave her job after marriage.Hearing this, Imtiyaz smiles and says,

”Hey! if you don’t have problem, may I marry her,would you like to be my Saala? I won’t ask you for dowry, and let your sister do whatever she want to do after marriage. I don’t have any problem whether she is blind, disabled or a normal person, but it all depends on your her,if she would like to marry me “, everyone sitting there starts laughing at his humorous talk. Imtiyaz says Amit, not to worry, as one day he will definitely get a suitable match for his sister.

They cherish their adventurous life as soldier enjoying the beautiful snowfall at Srinagar, and fought some tremendous battles for their motherland.The academic training made them strong enough to handle all climatic conditions of Srinagar whether its chilled climate or normal weather.

Two years passed, Imtiyaz went on two weeks holiday to celebrate Eid at his home town Jammu with his family. Due to his hectic schedule this was his first trip to home after joining Indian Army. All family members and his friends, who were eagerly waiting to see and meet this guy, welcome him with great joy. Seeing after such a long time Rubina emotionally clasps his son Imtiyaz and says,

“My Darling Son!, I know that I should not cry like this as it’s a proud moment for me that I am Ammi of a brave Indian soldier, whom I sacrificed for my motherland,I cannot control my emotions, as I am a mother who gave birth to you and has to live without you, strong heartedly”

Imtiyaz and his Abbu Iqbal controls her emotional sentiments, asking her to serve all favourite dish of her son, that she cooked for dinner. Ammi feeds him, and Imtiyaz had all bites from her hand, as if he is again that small kid, who is having meal after a very long time from his dear Ammi’s hand. Really, a mother-child relation is just like this, after becoming a grown-up also, mother feels that her child is a small kid, and child wants all affection from her as in childhood, till they are alive.

Imtiyaz, one sunny day, goes with friends to have party, as he did in his earlier days with his guitar, and was enjoying the stunning scenic view of nature , there comes a call from his regiment, his very close friend, Amit, lost his life in a battle at border. This heartbreaking news depressed Imtiyaz, he then only went to Amit’s home to console his family, Amit’s mother was alone with her daughter Neelam, his father died earlier, due to heart attack. Seeing Imtiyaz, Amit’s mother embrace him and started crying in grief, Imtiyaz calms her down,and says,

“Why are crying Aunty, Amit was a true martyr, who never die, their soul remains alive in every soldier, he was a lucky, brave jawan, who got opportunity to sacrifice his life for India,we all soldiers are your son, aren’t we ?”

After Amit’s cremation, all relatives and friends went back,nobody was knowing what will happen in future,who will take care of his family? how will they survive? who will take responsibility of Neelam’s marriage? Finding answers to these questions Imtiyaz decides to marry Neelam and take all care of her mother. Since they were of two different religions, society will never permit this marriage. But as we know pairs are made in heaven, the two got registered marriage with permission and concern of Imtiyaz’s Abbu, Ammi and Neelams mother. Who was knowing that a humorous joke will one day become reality, today, Amit’s soul might have blessed his sister and had rest in peace. Imtiyaz returns back to Srinagar leaving behind his whole family and the new member of his life,Neelam.

Time went on, Imtiyaz life is again surrounded with his battalion,rifles,wars at border,and his duty for mother India, he never misses to remember his buddy Amit, when he received bravery award for his great contribution for fighting great battles with enemies. Due to his superior effort, he was promoted as colonel and posted to Kashmir, where he meets old buddy from his cadet training, Gopal,today also he hasn’t changed his behavior towards Imtiyaz.

One day information comes, that a group of six terrorists with the intention to blast at Kashmir’s very well known place in market, entered inside Kashmir border from Pakistan. Imtiyaz feels honored, as he is selected for this search operation, he including some other Jawans with Gopal go for it. Imtiyaz don’t want to harm any civilian, as these militants made hostage to one small boy in a shop, so he first tries to propel them to some safe place, and then starts a fight with those terrorists,during battle three of the militants killed in encounter and two Jawans were Shaheed. After sometime, one terrorist from a glass window, shows white cloth, signal to surrender, firing stops, one terrorist comes out, and speaks to Imtiyaz in loud voice,

“ Bhai! why are we fighting? we are of same religion, lets fight for our Jihad together,these scoundrals cheated us,come join us we will pay you more better”

After listening for sometime,Imtiyaz shooted him once,twice,thrice and arrogantly shouted,

“You moron! How dare you call me of your religion, I am an Indian and my religion is India, my devotion is India,I live for my india and will die for India,you bloody damns good for nothing, you terrorists have no religion,you are fighting for Jihad? Allah, never says to kill innocent people but you do ,I hate you bastards,I hate you!”, he fires again and again, until he dies.

Hearing this, the two terrorist comes from inside, and starts firing blindly, while trying to save Gopal’s live, a bullet hits Imtiyaz’s chest, he vehemently pushed Gopal the otherside, and killed those militants. He falls down immediately,Gopal holds him,and asks one soldier to call the ambulance immediately ,Imtiyaz stops him saying,

“ My brother! now its time for me to go, Allah is calling me.I am happy for dying in front of you, today, I proved myself as a true martyr, who loyally fought for his motherland, and dying as her true son.My Friend!, terrorism has no religion, hindu, muslim, sikh, or Christian, we all are Indians, who love our country, and can do anything for the honor of our motherland ,Jai Hind! Jai Bharat! “

The true martyr dies with dignity, and left behind some unanswered questions for us, that Imtiyaz and many other brave Jawans, fought for their motherland, till their last breath, but, what are we, as his countrymen doing, for our nation? Untill and unless, we all know our responsibility and duties towards our country, we will be victims of todays corruptions.It will be homage to our patriotic soldiers, that at least, we as civilian, live together with unity, brotherhood,and understand our responsibility towards our nation to make it a peacefully developed country. So, lets all Indians salute our Martyrs and work together, for a bright future, and make India, beautiful nation.It will be a real contribution from our side, to our ‘Bharat Maa’.

A Mother Prays

“Go my sons the earth beckons

 Hear my warriors the oceans call

 Soar my eagles the sky is yours

 Death before defeat

 Death before dishonour

 Death with distinction

 A mother prays for all your days

 Strive and seek victory with grace

 A mother prays

 A mother prays”

 (N.D.A.Training)

__END__

