Like every child of that age does, children in that lane playing on the street running hopping and chasing each other while traffic is moderately flowing through these innocent civilians except a 

, who is watching them all sitting at a corner of the same street who comes along with  his mother who works as maid in one of those houses in the street.

The boy slowly started walking towards a open plot covered with all sorts of dirt and creeps spread out. As all the children involved in joyful plays, this boy in the dirt being weird from the eyes of the people in the streets.

This continued until the people in the street noticed their children playing in a clean place which was full of dirt and creeps days back and got a safe place to play where the boy had been doing weird things as believed by people there.

He just walked away by watching the children playing even more joyfully and their parents feeling safe. His mother was asked about the boys behaviour which ended them in a surprise which narrates ” the boy with his small brother used to play on busy traffic streets as there was no place to play other than those roads on street, where his brother met with an accident and didn’t survive more than a minute after the accident.”

So from that day this boy started walking and watching the surrounding and trying his best to make some place for his friends to play safely .

In this concrete jungle it’s a curse for those small kids who cant even play safely and should be followed by parents every  second. Why can’t we provide them place to play.. Is it because we are very developed in the world of artificial intelligence and technology ??

This boy being able to sort out the best thing that anyone can do for his capability at his age.

When he started plucking and cleaning the dirty piece of land, all the people in the streets thought he is weird choosing that other. Than playing. Like. All other kids of his age does..

His mother was happy watching him knowing what his intentions behind his weirdest thing …

Boy himself does it not willing to loose any more Brothers ..

Every person has his own way of approach to a situation in their life..

–END–

