Moral Story – Do You See Your Face In Water?

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ritwesh  had gone for hunting early in the morning. As he entered into forest, he set his rifle and began to search for his target. He had been roaming all around for a lot of time so he got tired and decided to take rest. He went to the bank of river and drank water. As he lifted his face away from river, he was horrified. He got scared of what he just saw. In that still water he could not see his face. He could not believe and became unconscious.

Then he saw a spirit who was exactly the same as him. He was very upset of something . he was completely drowned in the sea of sorrows. He came to him and told “ I am your life. I have been enslaved for several years ,now I do not feel to live with you.”

When he asked the reason the, life replied you have been living me on others condition. You did your education because your parents wanted you to be a successful person. You became engineer , though you were always fond of music and even I used to rejuvenate when you sang . I was happy but since you opted for the wrong path your music silenced and you made me monotonous. There was no zest left and it felt to me that you were dragging me. You do not smile .

Do you remember when you laughed last time? It was when you were selected in Music Talent show.  What is making you unhappy ?.

The boy replies “ Oh my life, I know I have not preserved  the gift of GOD, but it is because I have always felt guilty of my decisions and I can not change it and get back my life so I always try to correct my mistake and end up with 1 more mistake …”

the life interrupts and sympathize “ oh Ritwesh you need not to be upset for tomorrow, do not become pessimist , look at the brighter moon ahead rather than being sad for the setting sun. I am always with you, I will not be affected by your wrong decision because they have taught you something and every right decision made me happy. So now if you could promise me that you will be happy in every decision you take , I would stay with you otherwise I beg you to leave me alone”. And then he rises high.

Then suddenly his eyes open wide and he can see a beautiful sunset . He looks his face in water again and this time he saw a wide smile on his face. Then the sun set and in the dark night he could see the bright moon covering his face in water as the dusk  gets darker. Suddenly the alarm tone wakes him up , he looks at his surrounding and realizes that it was a dream but he was now certain that he would live life with better perception and with enthusiasm . He saw the brighter sun of his new morning rising .

__END__

Pranjal Gehija

