Moral Short Story – Baba….

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was the time when I was in Banaras. I was pursuing my engineering degree from Banaras Hindu University.

One day on my usual road towards my college I saw a man seating naked under a tree on the side of the road. As a curiosity I went to him…he was looking as he has lost in dhyan (Meditation) such that he do not got disturbed with movement on road itself, even due to my presence.

I see …he has something different in him definitely…his appearance looked to be as halo that attracts me…I stayed there for sometime watching him.

After some time my curiosity don’t allowed me to stay without talking.I asked him “Baba, Who are you? I have never seen you before here… Where are you from? If you need any help?”

He open his eyes and smiled looking towards me …..show fingure towards sky ( I think that was answer of question Where he comes from?) and said “Thanks dear…If you want to help me – Just get water for me.

I said that’s it..Just take this….

I pulled out my water bottle from my bag and gave it to him..

He drank and said “God bless you my boy…Aisehi seva karte Jaa logonki..Aur haan tumhe aana hai der mat karna..pata nahin kitne din tak intajar kar paunga? ( always serve people like this…..you will have to come but don’t be late…Don’t  know how much time I can wait?)”and went away.

I also move forward towards my college. From that day my life has mysteriously changed….Wherever I see, I see the face of the same Baba as he want to share something with me. I wondered all over Banaras but in vain I can’t able to trace the Baba. Many day’s passed away but my eagerness to meet Baba again was found to be increasing day by day…

One day I went to see my uncle with my family. He lives in Manali and owned a resort. We used to go there in summer season.

As soon as I enter the resort..I surprised I see a photograph of the same Baba whom I was searching?

I told my uncle the story and asked him who the Baba was ? He said “He is my Guru. He lives on way towards Laddakh. But I don’t understand how he came to Banaras? because the day you are telling that you met him. He was here in our resort. Oh! I understand. While I was showing him our family photographs looking at your photograph he uttered some words. I asked him what it means Baba. He told me let the time come and asked me to leave the room as he wants to perform some spiritual tasks”

My curiosity more increased..I asked my uncle to told more about him. He said ” No body knows where he came from? he lives in ashram without wearing any cloth in any season. Definitely, he had some power in him but he never use it for any wrong reason. He always supports those who are in need. Peoples from all religions had a faith in him.”

” Can we go to meet him?”

“Definitely….tomorrow morning we will go to see him. I am also curious after I heard your story.”

The next day we went to see the Baba. Looking at me he said ” At last you had came but beta ( my boy) you are late… I had to teach you many things but tomorrow I am going to die. Let us see what can be done?” My uncle and other people nearer went in shock.

“What you are saying Mahaguru..You can’t leave us…We are your sons and daughters…You can’t…”

Peoples started crying….

“It’s god’s wish…we had to accept…He wants me to serve him and am glad to serve him…Also though by body I will not be here but by mind I will be always with you…If you feel something trouble just call me from you mind I will come and save you…and never divert from the route which i had shown to you…you will be happiest person in life.”

Next day morning Baba woke up early…He came to me and said just observe what happens today and grab the message from it and spread it everywhere……my blessings are always with you…..

Then he went to his room and sleep… After some time I heard a noise of women’s crying….all the environment turns in a sad mood.

Some time has passed…Now I feel some change there….people of different religions observed to be fighting on the issue of cremation of dead body of Baba. Some body shouted we will burn his body….Somebody no we will have to bury his body. The whole scene was changed to a war front…I was looking surprised….What has happened?

And unbelievable…Baba suddenly stands up and shouted ” Stop it please….for Gods sake Stop it….”

All people got a suddenly shock.

How’s this can happen?…I uttered in mind… In the morning after the check up of doctor only Baba has declared as dead.

“You people are not my follower….Just in few hours of my death you all had forgotten my teachings and started fighting to your brothers and sisters like an enemy….”

“Oh God! forgive me..I can’t able to teach the people who you are? What you wants?”

Baba then have a look at me and started running…….

People followed him shouting ” Baba forgive us…We need you…please stay back…”

He ran towards a river nearby and push himself in the river.

Some people also jump behind him in the river but in vain….no body got him…

He dissolves in water….even after several days search..nobody got a clue nor his body…..

He’s gone…giving me a lesson of life on humanity…..to spread among all the people in the world….

__END__

