Moral Story – The way it should be

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once again Riya got up screaming and all sweaty. Ryan got up hearing Riya scream and saw that she was sweating profusely. He held her tightly and asked her to calm down. Riya had a nightmare which scared her very much.

Ryan said, “It’s quite a few years, you have to try to forget all those incidents.”

Riya replied, “Do you think I don’t want to forget all that? I tried and am still trying to forget since the past five years.”

Ryan replied, “I am sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.”

She said, “You didn’t hurt me, in fact you and Mom are the only people because of whom I’m still alive and happy.”

“Calm down Riya” said Ryan.

“I still remember that day. I was crying for help from the jungle on the side of the road when that peon and his gang pounced on me. I heard the sound of a car passing by I screamed but as soon as I screamed one of them held my mouth and put cloth in my mouth. I tried to free myself but all in vain. Then you came and stopped on hearing sounds coming from there. That day if you hadn’t come then I would’ve died then and there. You saved me and took me to the hospital. Only you were there by my side even though we were strangers then.

My family left my side saying that if I filed a case then people would disrespect them and no one would marry their younger daughter. They even asked me get out of their house if I wanted to file the case. I moved out of my house and then stayed in the ladies hostel where everyone supported me and helped me to file the case. You became the witness and didn’t back out till the end. Those culprits were punished for their offence only because of your statement.”

“My life started from there. You proposed but I refused because I thought you were showing mercy on me. Then I realised your true love towards me. You never left my side even when my family did, even though you had been threatened to be murdered. You made each and every moment of my life meaningful.”

“Before accepting your proposal, I asked one question, do you remember” asked Riya.

Ryan said, “I do remember word by word. You asked me if my mother would accept you because firstly you were Riya Mondal a Hindu and I am Ryan David a Christian and secondly you were a rape victim. I told you to ask yourself from my mom.”

“I know. I did a mistake while judging Mom. Seeing my family’s behaviour I thought Mom would also be like them. I remember when you brought me here the first time. I came and greeted Mom. She greeted back. I started telling her about myself and she said she knew all about me and said that you told her everything and she asked you to bring me with you. I was surprised.”

“You didn’t know that she was the one because of whom I didn’t back out even after threatened to be killed. She told me not to back out even when there were those threatening phone calls.” said Ryan.

“Yes, you never told me all this before I came to meet her” replied Riya. “Then I told her about my family’s behaviour towards me. She said she was sorry for what my family did to me but she promised that she would treat me just like her daughter and wouldn’t let anyone hurt me, not even you. I loved each and every word she spoke.”

“Let me tell you a truth, I married you because of Mom. I didn’t get the love from my parents which I got from her. My parents always hated me and denied me every right of mine. They didn’t even want me to pursue studies and wanted to marry me off. In my house I was the most hated person because I stood up for my rights but here Mom loves me more than herself and I also love her more than my life” said Riya.

“I don’t mind, in fact I’m happy that you and my Mom have such a bonding. I think after your came in our life my mom started loving you more than me and I don’t have any objection with that. Mom always wanted a daughter and she found you so she fulfils all her dreams through you” replied Ryan. “You know Riya my father left my mom when I was 3 years old. She brought me up all alone. Since then I didn’t see her as happy as she is now. She had to look after everything starting from home to office. Your arrival brought a constant smile on her face” said Ryan.

“All three of us have certain great sorrows in our life. Still we live for each other. We are support systems of each other” replied Riya.

There was a knock in the door and the door opened and Mrs. David entered. Riya went straight to her and hugged her. She kissed Riya’s forehead and said, “You had the same nightmare isn’t it, that bad phase of your life is over dear. Now the life ahead is filled with joy because we all are together. You, me and Ryan, till we all are together no more problems can frighten us. So get over all those. Come Riya, Ryan you too come along, today I made your favourite breakfast.”

This is the way every rape survivor should be treated and taken care of as Riya was taken care of by her mother in law and Ryan. Every family should just be the opposite of Riya’s family who kicked her out when she needed them the most just because of society’s pressure and who never let a girl get her rights. The way that a person should be treated is as Riya was treated by Ryan and Mrs. David. So let’s make the world the way it should be by changing our perspective towards the women.

__END__

