Moral Short Story – TWO WAY

Photo credit: 

 from 

Everything was done finely and only final touch was required, not that final touch which finishes the art of an artist but that final touch which finishes the life. There were about 50 people gathered including 4 paid assassinates, everyone were hopelessly watching the brutal murder witnessing each and every moment but no one seemed to care, nobody’s facial expression resembled sympathy or condolence all that was dominating on their face was frustration, somebody were frustrated since they were getting late to the work, some else just because they were impatient all they wanted was it to end as soon as possible  so that they can cross the road and move on with their lives abandoning the lifeless creature to be fallen to the ground. The well trained assassinates were doing their task quietly, and then it saw an end as the faces of everybody lighted up the giant neem tree fell to the ground.

In no time it was moved away from the road to clear the path, the people started their vehicles and speeded up impatiently to cover the time they have wasted, all branches of the tree was carried away in a big truck, everything became normal in minutes except the few metres of the road which missed the shadow of the tree which made the passers-by to slow down for a while to enjoy the cool air even in summer. There was a social concern in logging the tree that was to widen the road and make it a two way hence making the transportation easier and safer, the orders were passed to cut the tree which was the only one in the entire 3 kilometre road connecting the town to NH road hence the action was taken and the photographs of cut tree were captured to publish in the local newspaper. The people too were happy about the improvement.

“Dad are you going to put this flexible wooden chair in front of my study table?” asked a 12 year old boy sitting in the back seat of his dad’s scooter holding the chair tightly.

“Yes son, your exams are nearing and you need to study well and this chair helps you to take rest frequently” said the father.

“What wood is this chair made of dad?”

“Neem wood son” said his father as the scooter shook as it hit with a hump on the road and the child lost his balance and dropped the chair to his right side in the middle of the road. The father stopped the scooter side by as he noticed the chair fell on the road, immediately the child ran towards the chair to pick it up while his father noticed something and screamed “stop son”, and the child heard it and stopped immediately in a fraction of second a high speeded truck passed on the chair smashing it into number of pieces, the child stood fear struck and the father exhaled a deep breath and scolded

“Damn, one way road”.

