Moral Short Story – Ina-A beautiful life

Photo credit: 

 from 

“No! no! no! I could not start writing”

Ina feels helpless. Again Ina starts try to writing, she is very optimistic in her nature; she never gives up., but failed.

” Oh! God I don’t want to live in this world”, Ina says helplessly.

” Ina you are brave girl, you has to do” inner voice says.

Ina has very strong mental power. She is self determined, that she can write it down, she has to do. Ina has will power. Ina knows that inner voice “you can do everything, nothing is impossible for you” yeah that’s right this is the inner voice. Ina is the younger children of Ghosh’s family. Ina spent her life as usual as the other common women, when she was passed out from university obtaining master degree; she entered as a working women or say to do clerical job into the working world.

But somehow Ina has been starting realize that she has to do something different, not like that other common people. Now Ina is 26, this is the married age. So she fells pear pressure from home and outside the home.

“Ina this is your marriage age, you should be married” this is the voice of almost every people.

On the other hand, Ina realizes that she is not born to work under any body, who is ruling over her. She has to do something, Ina thinks that if I would be an independent person, nobody can rules over me, so why I not be an independent person. Ina thinks that the world is not good enough for happily leaving; everybody is running, running and running, running for money, .there is no trace of happiness, everybody is so sad in their face.

“No! God I has to do something,” Ina feels very helpless.

The tears come from her eyes. Ina is looking on God’s face, Ina thinks where God is? God is in her body. She is the God with all positive energy and with all burdens; this is the exam of her power to overcome the entire burden and enters that world which is imaginary world to her mom.

“Ina you are always leaving in your imaginary world” mom usually says, “you are not practical, look at your friends, how they are happily leaving after their marriage, please Ina, give us mental peace”.

Ina is murmuring, say herself, ‘I want to be an independent person, I want to be a writer”, now Ina has gone back to her childhoods days, on these days she has very good voice and lack of money she can’t to be trained herself well, her mom said that when you have own money you can fulfill your wish, Ina suddenly realizes that this is the time her wish fulfillment.

She herself a mother and a daughter in her body, her mother mind says that “Ina how do you forget that in child hood days when you went to the market and but do not get your cloth what do you want or what types you like most, then you told that I would be a good fashion designer and supply good designer cloth to these shops, where is your promising word now, “

Ina thinks that right, “this is the time for fulfillment of all wish. So when I fulfill my wish I will be happiest person of the world” Ina says herself.

Ina reached to her destination with her day by day struggle and one day she seriously has done everything then she becomes famous. Ina Ghosh, a renowned fashion designer, good singer and well known writer.

__END__

