Moral Short Story – Beauty Vs Intelligence

It is a pleasure to write another episode of Porphy and Dorphy. Two Monkeys Porphy and Dorphy are very good friends, earlier they used to climb tress for collecting fruits now they have their own farm. Porphy and Dorphy wanted to expand their farm. Hence, they went to a Plant nursery and found two plant varieties named “Duris labora” and “Semper pulchra”. The nursery claimed that Semper pulchra is that most beautiful plant in the world and it always gives very tasty fruits whereas Duris Labora was a ugly looking plant. However, Duris Labora produces very good yield of fruits, requires less maintenance, diseases resistant and easy to cultivate. On the other hand Semper Pulchra required more care and attention.

Dorphy decided to buy Semper Pulchra but Porphy was against it. Porphy said “Dorphy this plant is just beautiful it is not going help us earn money and feed our families!!” and Dorphy said “This plant is beautiful enough to attract customers plus it also produces fruits what more do you want?”

Dorphy and Porphy got into a big argument. Finally, both decided to separate and have their own farms. Porphy went to cultivate Duris labora whereas Dorphy went for Semper Pulchra. Over the next 6 months Dorphy attracted many costumers even the king of the jungle the Lion came to visit the Dorphy’s farm. Dorphy was excited and was very proud. However, Dorphy did notice that his yield was dropping however, the beauty of the plant kept increasing. On the other hand Porphy was making reasonable amount of profits. Porphy was able to produce fruits in large quantities and they were much cheaper than Dorphy’s fruits.

At one point Dorphy started going on loss. He tried to employ another farmer to raise the productivity. The farmer told Dorphy “No matter how much fertilizer or water I put the plant uses it all to make itself look more beautiful and puts less efforts to make fruits. I am sorry there is nothing much I can do!!”

Dorphy broke down and went to Porphy and cried saying that he was going on loses and asked him to help. Porphy said “Sure my friend a friend in need is a friend indeed, get some of your Simper Pulchra to my farm and I shall tell you what to do next.

Porphy planted Dorphy Semper Pulchra in front of his farm and put up stall there. Looking at Semper Pulchar all the animals in the jungle got attracted and came to porphy’s farm. As all animals started gathering Porphy said to the crowd I have got some tasty fruits please do taste and buy them from the stall. Dorphy was in charge of the stall. Soon over a period of 6 months Porphy’s sales increased by 15%. Porphy gave Dorphy’s share and helped him recover from his losses.

Lesson to be learnt from the above story:

 In latin Duris labora means “hard work and intelligence” and Semper pulchra means “Beauty forever”. Hence, I have taken these names as the species of the plant. Beauty definitely has it advantage, it attracts everyone but beauty alone cannot survive. Intelligence and hard work may not attract everyone initially but to face challenge, struggle and earn a living these two are very important for survival. However, intelligence, hard work and beauty together is always a bonus!

__END__

