A celebrity- people look upon you, people want to be like you.

I sighed thinking about how perfect the life of a celeb is.

How can people be so talented?? genes maybe!!!

I am in my mid-thirties, a post graduate, leading two full time jobs, as a working woman and a mother.

Life is tiring, frustrating especially when you are judged despite all the effort.

But I need to work, not just because of financial security but for self-pride as well

I like being called a working woman.

Well I like my job and that keeps me going to work everyday despite of my super busy schedule back home.

My parents spent a lot on my education, so I must work, just to keep them happy, me happy.

Well a happy woman is a key to blissful household, I feel like laughing my heart out thinking about it.

I had dreamt to be someone people dream of being. But, my 9hrs job just lets me enough time to take care things back home.

I have an eight-year-old brat who keeps me busy, so busy that I blink, and the week is gone.

One Saturday morning, my son came and hugged me showing his cute gestures as I had my tea.

He said he needs something for the school project and need to go and buy them.

After our breakfast, we headed to the stationary shop and got all he needed, chart papers, colours..

He was supposed to write about his favorite celebrity..

Oops, I am not sure if he knows what a celebrity means. I tried doing a brainstorming session with him, but my brat doesn’t need my help, he said he will manage. He doesn’t watch much movies, he doesn’t know many movie stars nor any celeb for that matter, my second grader 😊

Will he write about his favorite You tuber?? I guess so but then I was curious too.

Well this project kept him busy the entire day and I was very happy about it.

Good to get some “me time”.

End of the day, he showed me his project.

My favorite Celebrity – My Mom..

My Mom- the multitasking

My Mom- my mentor

My Mom- my best critic

My Mom- my support system

My Mom- the well-dressed(so people talk about)

My Mom- all my friends’ favorite

And finally

My Mom- someone I look upon and want to be like as I grow up.

Technically, tears should have rolled down my cheeks being overwhelmed about all this.

But I was ashamed, ashamed of have underestimated me as a human being.

Underestimated the bringing up my parents have given me.

Underestimated my potential of being an influencer.

I don’t care what is the definition of a celebrity but there is someone who looks upon being like me.

I am his celebrity.

Dreams do come true, at times we do not realize.

It is important to spend time with yourself.

Go for a date with your “favorite me”.

It is important to know “me” first then the world falls in place.

–END–

