Fictional Short Story – DRAUPADI –women of rights………

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Draupdi, a name which makes our thought to think about the legendary icon of Indian mythological history, MAHABHARAT…….

I am DRAUPADI writing story on my behalf. Everyone remember as the fire of revenge which burns the Kaurav dynasty and its Kingdom. The thousand hundred warriors give the life in the war. And the blames come to the Agni born child “agnishika”.

I am here not to tell my story of my past life or my humiliation. I am here not to tell you about my five charming husbands. Some people at the time of my marriage to the five husbands give me a status of a characterless woman, what a shameless return to them that I am counted as the most pure, sane women as “Sati”.

Ma Gandhari said,” She is the one who destroy the Kaurav dynasty from the roots”. It was true, when I was in themed of the sabha, in which the most civilized person of the kingdom are seated and I was begging for the justice, then no one could get me the right justice.

So they deserve the death bed. At that time they were losers not warriors. The death in their dynasty was written in that time only……………

Now Pandavas, my husband’s can be the victorious for others but in my eyes they were cowards, this is a well none fact and excepted by everyone, now, if a person is a Dharma’s son then there is a big deal to be her wife, if a person is Indra’s son, the king of all gods then her wife must be having a great fortune, OR Vayu’s son……people think I am lucky to marry these lucky charms. But was I????

No. Those people forget that I was not a ordinary women also. My mother in law clear’s her space by saying that she cannot see me when Arjuna brought her wife. The Pandavas which are very sincere towards their mother that they fulfill her incorrect desire; she is not known with fact that their children is going to get a new member for the house or what is the matter is going around her. The intelligent women understand the fact that a bond is needed to make her children united; which cannot make them separate. She uses me as a soldier in the chess. But I am the queen of the game, I which makes every possible thing to do my responsibilities, at a right point, at right time. But what was I given humiliation and Banwas…..

***

