Short Story Moral – You made a place in my heart

Photo credit: 

 from 

Recently I have started jogging. Usually I do it in the evenings. On one side of the road there are huge naked mountains and the other side all the houses. The area where I jog is in between two roads. The place is filled with many green trees, small plants and some very exotic flowers. The area stretches up to 2.5 km on each side.

I continued with this routine daily and did not want to break the chain in between like I have done several times before.

One evening while jogging I heard a strange noise near the trees. It was scary as not many people were around that area. Again the next day I heard the same noise and did not dare to find out. When the next evening came and it was my turn to go to the same spot, I was not able to decide whether to go further or change my path. But I went ahead with my jogging and heard the same noise again. This time I decided of finding out the reason behind the noises.

After going near the trees I could see two button eyes shining brightly and staring into my eyes. Slowly the creature came out and revealed itself completely. It was the cutest kitten I had ever seen. Though I am not an animal lover (you can say I run away from any four legged creatures) still I liked the kitten.

Later I continued with my jogging and forgot about the kitten.

That night I was not able to sleep as those two button eyes were haunting me the whole night. As if they wanted to say something but I was not able to decode it.

Next evening I went ahead with my jogging and avoided the path which led to the kitten. Again I was sleepless that night.

So the next evening I decided of going on the same path where I had found the kitten. The kitten was at the same place. May be we had some connection because no one else was looking at the kitten. I felt a sense of responsibility towards the kitten. But due to my fear of animals I could not forward a helping hand.

This continued for few days. Everyday the kitten used to come whenever I crossed that path. I thought when no one else is bothered then why should I?

Later after a lot of introspection I realized that I should help the kitten. It was time to listen to my heart..

I had a mission the next evening. I was at the same spot but I could not see the kitten. May be I was being too selfish and the kitten might have died of hunger. But when I turned around I saw the kitten looking at me with a ray of hope.

With great courage I got hold of the kitten. It was very soft and yes it did not hurt me. I felt a familiar feeling after holding the kitten in my arms.

Now we both are inseparable.

Thanks to my kitten I have become a pet lover (yes you made a place in my heart)

Still I have not given a name to my kitten. I think kitten sounds good…..

–END–

