Short Story about Dreams – Flowering

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Why should our company choose you over other candidates?” asked the interviewer. Ajay was expecting the question and answered, without hesitation.

“Sir you should hire me because my qualifications and experiences are matching with your criteria and apart from that I am a quick learner. Also I have grasping power which will help me as well as your company to reach our mutual goal, and I can make a promise to you that I will be an asset to your company not a liability by which you can also prove that your decision of hiring me is not a blunder.” He knew he had answered well and was sure it pleased the interviewer. So when the results came he was hardly surprised to see his name in the selection list.

I was sitting in the college canteen with my friend and having a coffee, when Ajay came and told us about the interview. I congratulated him. As he left my friend turned to me and asked if I found anything funny about the whole thing. I knew what he meant. The truth is Ajay is a mechanical student and the company who took him is a software company. So the fact remains why he studied mechanical for four years. Actually this not a single case. Around 80% of the students are like Ajay. I have often pondered over the fact and it made me realize, only few people are able to live their dreams. Sadly, I belong with the majority. I never knew, why I joined engineering. Most of the students in my locality went for engineering and I just followed them. I never had a dream of my own and wanted to complete the course only to attain a job. But now I have back papers and can’t even attend an interview.

After finishing coffee, I parted with my friend and started walking through the corridor. My mind was full. So I was surprised to find myself in front of the staff room. I started to walk past when I saw Emil sir in his cabin. He was one of my favourite teachers, not because he thought well (though he was exceptionally good at it). He knew each student and always found time to talk about their personal matters. He was alone in his cabin and so I decided to have some chat, since, I had plenty of time. The thing about him is, he could always read student’s mind by just looking at them.

As soon as I entered,  he looked at me and asked, what was worrying me. Since we had no formality between us, I shot my question. “Why can’t most people realize their dreams?”

The question took him by surprise. I told him all about the interview and my thoughts related with it. He pondered over my question for a few minutes and then replied. “Actually I don’t have a clear cut answer for you. I feel,  people usually don’t have much time to reflect about their dreams. So naturally they fail in realizing their dreams.”

But I was not satisfied with the answer and he knew it. So he asked me, what my dream was. To be truthful I had never thought about it. I told him, I was not sure. Then he started to explain.

“This is the case for most people. They start to think seriously about their dreams when there life comes to a standstill. You would never have pondered over the question, for a long time, if you had attended an interview and got a job. You would have carried on with your life. Actually the god has given a chance to ponder on your dreams. I won’t say to quit engineering and pursue your dream. Just grab your degree as fast as you could and then start pursuing your dream. So even if you fail you will always have a degree to hold on to.” That was the best advice of my life.

For next few days I thought of what I could be in my life. Many answers came up like being an entrepreneur or an event manger or a film director and like many. But I was not satisfied with any of it.

After some weeks while cleaning up my room I happen to come over some old certificates of mine. I started to go through them. One certificate got my attention. I received it for acquiring 2

 prize in a story writing competition. I looked at it for some time and then it hit me. Why couldn’t I be a writer? I always liked reading and wanted to write something. But again I was not confident enough. What if my decision was wrong? So I gave myself to think over. Then I started to reflect about me.

I was never a guy who wanted to live for myself. I was always careless and untidy. Another fact is, my uncle had offered me all the assistance to study in America, if I completed my B tech at first chance. Clearly, a guy who wanted to live for himself, would have cleared all the papers at the first chance hearing this proposal. So next I thought about living for my parents. But again they both had jobs and they could go on without me. Only thing they wanted from me, was not to become a failure. That left me with girlfriends. Since I never had one it was impossible to live for them. So again I was at a dilemma. Then it stuck me. Why should I leave for just one, when I could leave for hundreds or thousands? I could write for the people. I could write about people’s dreams their sufferings and bring it out for others to see. I am one of those guys, who believe words are more powerful than guns.

So now I have decided to write. This might not be a good story. It might even be one of the worst stories you have read. But I don’t actually care. Because I know I have a long way to go, before I become someone, who could influence minds. But still I have started to live my dream and I feel, that’s a good start.

__END__

