Short Story of A Girl – A pack of lies

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

She looked down feeling her eyes burden with guilt and shame. As she walked back home she wished that she had never woken up that day. She prayed to God and with a huff she muttered ” oh wretched” mimicking her own mother in  the course of distress. Surprises colored her cheeks and she smiled despite the pain and terrible situation ahead of her.

“somehow i would tackle it” she mused determined.

Then a new thought came to her. She wanted to get it over soon as possible.

‘I cant bear this anymore!’ she said again trying to imitate her mother when she fought with dad.

“i swear this would be the last time’she continued in a monotonous tone and a stranger glared at her.

In reflex she held her head down shielding away the dark thoughts. Now she could see the house. Set in the midst of a bustling street her house was elegant. Pretty decent. As she opened the gate she heard some murmur. Then the gate opened in a thunderous screech.she heard it more clearly. Her mother was swearing.

” where  were you?” her dad asked huskily opening the door.

‘I….I…” she choked.

“what happened?” he demanded.

“dad my van broke down” she said her voice cracking.

‘ and i have to believe this!” somehow it seemed like  the question was pointed to her mother.

“what happened sweety”?her mother asked anxious.

She felt pity on her mother, the woman trying to comfort her. She very much wanted to say the truth. She wanted to say that she was watching the streetplay, hotels that made mouth watering pooris and playing with the kitten that she found along the way. She wanted to say that she had left the class as it held nothing to her.

But instead she went with the lie”mom i am telling the truth!”

Her mother nodded in  anticipation knew that since she was just six years old her mother trusted her. Her mother knew that she wouldn’t lie. Tears rolled down through her tiny eyes.S he didn’t know why it bothered her but it felt painful to lie. Her feigning innocent expression was a perfect figure of a carved out liar. She was beginning to fear whether this was the starting of new lies.

She walked into the house pulling down the pink socks and mused in grim expression “i plan on doing it again’.

 __END__

