A Rose – Short Story with Moral Lesson

Photo credit: 

 from 

Being in a relationship during teenage days is what mostly many of us have gone through in our lives. It is infact like being in a ship that is travelling through a vast ocean. There is at times scintillating cool breeze as well as the devastating wild wind that sink the ship in just a blink.

An eighteen year old lad too was in a relationship with a beautiful and smart girl in his high school. Initially, the ship was sailing beautifully along the chirping birds as the clouds cuddled the setting Sun and the dolphins rose out of the tides to watch this wonderful ship sail. The cool breeze had sent waves of romance and an aura of ecstasy. But the wild winds of destruction had made their way now. His sweetheart hardly talked to him. His calls were unanswered and text messages were never replied back. She ignored him in the school too. He tried going to her home but her maid always said that she was either ill or was out with her parents. The poor guy was left with nothing but desperation and grief. His nights ended and the days began with nothing but moist eyes.

One evening, he was sitting alone in a beautiful garden. There was heavy rainfall as he was crying continuously. It was as if his tears were racing with these heavy raindrops. But it seemed that his tears were winning, they were just unstoppable. Then his best friend arrived who knew him for almost a decade.. He saw this guy sulking on a broken garden bench. It appeared that his heart was much more broken than the bench. Seeing his best friend in such a situation he quickly approached him. His friend was still weeping but seeing his best friend he just ran into his arms and started crying. With stumbling words are fast running breaths he narrated the entire scenario to his best friend. His best friend just smiled and then plucked a fresh rose behind the bench with his right hand kept his left arm on his friend’s shoulder and said,

“Look my dear, today I hold this fresh beautiful rose in my hand. I will adore its majestic color and it’s quintessential fragrance. The world will look upon me with envy that I hold such a beautiful flower in my hands. But till tomorrow if I sit here with this same rose, then the petals will go dry, the fragrance will be lost. I will be left with nothing but the frustration of the pricking of these thorns. The world will feel pity for me now. I might even sink in the dark sea of self pity. Thus, it is better for me to leave this rose before the ill things happen. I walk ahead in this garden and listen to the tunes of joy played by the God’s flute. “

These words struck the boy’s heart as iron pieces cling to a powerful magnet. He swam deep into their depth and decided to march again on the horse of life.

Since that day, he never thought about that girl as that book ended with a wonderful epilogue from his best friend.

__END__

