[Butterfly Effect ????? – Short Story with Moral Lesson]

Butterfly Effect ????? - Short Story with Moral Lesson

Hope all of you had heard about Butterfly effect. For the starters: 

It more or less says that A small change at one stage can result in large differences to a later stage….I’m no scientist and didn’t even know much about this theory much till my favorite hero Kamalahassan’s Dasavatharam released! But thinking back I thought why not relate it to my life! If you think I’m had done something life saving or threatening as in the movie you got it wrong. ..

I was recovering from a very tough phase in personal life. Also I had recently switched over to a new job which I didn’t like at all. Just because I was at loss in personal life, I was stretching at office. My work wasn’t productive because I wasn’t interested in that role. On one such day my college friend called me & asked me to accompany her for shopping. Come on! Who will leave such an amazing opportunity of window shopping with a giggling college mate & also we haven’t caught up with each other for last two years. I hurriedly said yes & we went for shopping. My friend commented that I had gained weight. I said I knew that. I thought due to the stress, I had gained that extra few pounds…

Initially we had a great time. We discussed about fun we had at college over the coffee…My friend had actually come for real shopping (unlike me!) & she went on to purchase few clothes. Impulse buying had caught on me. I too wanted an jeans…For some reason I wasn’t wearing western clothes for an year, but at that moment I couldn’t resist .I grabbed my usual size & the sales assistant said it will be small for me…I didn’t listen..I was sure I knew my body & size.

I went for trying out the jeans & to my horror yes I couldn’t fit in… I couldn’t meet sales assistant eyes while asking for next size. But that too didn’t fit… I was four size larger than my usual size….At last I did purchase the jean that fitted me but I was very angry..Angry at me for not taking care of my health….

I don’t know whether everyone can relate to it. But there’s nothing as shocking to your system, when you knew you have gained a lot of weight. But I was determined to take the challenge by it horns….Actually I was working at shift timings that time, so gym was impossible for me. Contrary to people’s advice against buying a treadmill, I bought one and vowed not to use it as clothes stand! I made it a point that I will start from my office after nine hours come back home and start exercising. That wasn’t easy.

People were used to see me stretching in office, raised eye-brows when I left early. Slowly I started prioritizing and made sure I make effective use of nine hours. I came back home & ran in treadmill like a mad woman. After a month, I checked the weighing scales….No I haven’t even lost a gram. I threw away my weighing scales. But No…I couldn’t sleep…. my jean size came & haunted me in dreams. I went to the shopping mall & got a cute black top for motivation. Purposely I got it two size smaller….

Office…Though I was working only for nine hours I didn’t like it. Previously I thought that I didn’t like it because I was stretching in office! Now I realized I was not suited for that kind of work. One fine day, I went ahead told my manager that I can’t work in the project & asked for release. My manager asked me to continue for some time & in the meanwhile he will try to work something for me.

I realized working out in treadmill alone is not going to help me. I had to concentrate on my food. As it was shift timings, I was eating in office cafeteria. I decided I will make time & prepare the food. I started waking up at Four thirty in the morning, so that I will eat healthy food. I browsed about Protein, Oats, Ragi, Wheat, vegetables, Fruits, healthy recipes. I shopped & made it a point not to buy junk food. Plus I was concentrating on my exercise. Also due to my tight schedule, I was able to sleep peacefully at night.

At the end of three months…I was scared weighing myself. I tried myself in the black top I bought. No I wasn’t comfortable it’s very tight. But I was able to fit in!! At least something in positive direction….

New Year came & as usual I didn’t take any resolution. I believe if you want to do something why wait for a year beginning…Why not today? But as a New Year gift my manager told me he is releasing me from the project. I was happy because it will mean my nine hours of doing something I hate will end..On the other hand I had to find some other project that I like very soon.

Around that time I had made some other life style changes…Like taking stairs for my office in fourth floor, monitoring my water intake, making sure I had at least eight glasses of water. I cut down on sugars, starch & reached out only for a small piece of cake in office parties. When one of my colleagues joined Aerobics class, I too signed in….

I was able to see some changes in my body shape, I had to use a belt for my jean… but still I couldn’t fit myself comfortably in my black top.

I had recently joined a new project. During the interview when project manager told, I might need to put extra time. I chuckled & accepted the challenge. I joined the project & realized that it doesn’t require me to stretch. I just need to prioritize & concentrate for nine full hours. I was glad because that project was something I liked. After nine hours in office I made it a point to workout. I was very consistent & worked out at least for six days in a week.

One day my colleague told me that my jean is hanging out loose & it’s time for me to replace it. I checked in the mirror…YES… she was right. It was very loose around my thigh area. Over that weekend, I went for shopping. Guess what… I was three sizes down than my last jean size. I couldn’t believe myself that I kept on checking the label for its size..

Last Friday was my dream day because I was wearing my black top with my new jean to office. And my black top is quite comfortable…I don’t know how much weight I have lost because I’m still scared to check the scale.

I don’t know whether this is Butterfly effect or not. 

 But still that horrible experience in shop that day made me realize where I am. I took resolution to take care of me. I committed to myself that I will make time for workout & be healthy. And now I rarely stretch at office…I complete most of my work by nine hours & I’m satisfied by the quality of my work. I’m going to stay committed to my goals & see to that nothing comes in the way of being healthy.

I would be really happy if this article triggers a so called Butterfly effect & help someone start with what they want to achieve!

__END__

[Image source: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Jeans_pocket_front.jpg]

