Short Story Moral – Happiness only real when shared

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

As riding bike is my all time hobby, I was driving towards Pune university from Breman Chowk. I was stuck on the long lights there, during that time a sweet girl of around 4-5 years of age came to me and she requested me to have a look at the pens she was selling. First of all, seeing such a little girl selling pens on the road broke my heart, out of concern I decided to buy few of them.

As I asked her how much for 1 men, she answered innocently ” sahab 10 ka ek hai”.

I just gave it a thought, I was convincing myself “anyway you always lose pens – lets buy few as she will get some money and you will get some stock too.”

She was having 7 pens in her hand, I asked her to give me all of them and I handed over a hundred rupee note to her. As the signal was about to turn into green I asked her to keep the change. What she did next touched my heart. She asked me to wait for few minutes, she almost went to 3-4 shops to get the change for me but she couldn’t get it. At last I told her I will buy three more pens some other day, so she agreed with a smile. Seeing that smile on her face made my day.

I offered her a chocolate too she took it and thanked me. I saw her while she went dancing to his friends and shared the chocolate with them. Her simplicity and kindness forced me to think.

Back on the wheels I started moving towards the destination but I couldn’t get rid of a thought, a lesson that she taught me.

Firstly she taught me what honesty is, what satisfaction is. She was struggling to get some money but she was not greedy at all and was happy with that 70 rupees itself. I never saw a person in my entire life who needs money and at the same time gave there tips back!. She taught me when your needs turn into a greed your life will turn into a chaos. She taught me how not to judge a persons capability from there looks. She taught me how to be happy with what you are doing. She taught me that happiness is only real when shared. In the blink of an eye she just taught me what life stands for :)

–END–

