Short Story with Moral Lesson – A TRUE JOURNEY

Short Story with Moral Lesson – A TRUE JOURNEY

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was stuck at jinna tower center,the main road from Guntur to Narasaraopet (my home town) I want to spend the journey by reading Jeff Bezos “THE CLICK” book. I was trying to understand the dark side of the heart of the book. I closed the book and waged at passenger.

THE driver was shouting the old man “Ali”  who went out of the bus to buy biscuits for his child. In the front seat two nuns were arguing not to stop the bus for him because bus was so delayed because of  him. The old man came into the bus and the driver eagerly wanted to take-off the bus on the road, which he can be in DREAMS.

The bus crossed two Lorries and three buses,in the back seat of the bus one old lady was sleeping ,the speed breaker woke her up,she abused the driver for worst landing.The words are heard by every one but driver pretends like deaf(Every driver thinks them as qualified or certified drivers).

The VIP’s of the bus sat beside my seat.I named them as “Vodka Brothers” which their appearance made me call them.They were talking about present politics like rising the prices of alcohol by government. One of them cried out this is the reason why they shifted to local cheap liquor. One of them Bro says “today youth is very energetic, boiling blood was pumping to their heart by veins” Looking at my friend ‘Ravi’ Who stood at the door steps of the bus and enjoying the side scenes which are not appreciable.The second Vodka brother roared the driver “for my friends behavior. The driver stopped the bus……

I postponed reading the book and raised my head to observe What was going on.Every one raised their heads like a snake listening to the NAGASWARAM(I doubted is really snakes have ears). The vehicles were Lined and moving like prisoners for their turn to escape from Jail..I never experenced such type of condition, their was an accident.

Yes! accident was seviour,the police were guarding the dead body,generally they guard the politicans and rich people.

 My friend,driver,some passengers got down the bus. The old man said that an engineering student was met with an accident and laid dead on the road. Every one remain silence.

The wife of theAli said loudly today student are thinking life as fashion and flower-bed,spending lot of money given by parents for riding bikes,drinking alchoel. The old man wife also spoken that

“Parents were thinking giveing gifts,money is present way to show love toward for their children”.

The first Vodka Bro interrupted the women by saying,Yes Youth are Very Aggressive today,If we say Good words they even beat us(The two vodka bros were once met with this incedent in bar).

Pointing me asked about my studies,I replied with a smile “I am an engineering student” then first vodkla bro suggested me not to addict for alchol like them and not to drive bykes like Heroes”

Passengers are giving suggestions,advices some are commanding.I memorized the old saying of INDIRA GANDHI

“suggestions were always available commodity but sellers are present but buyers are not their”

The nuns too whispering about students bad behaviours,habbits and said students not only end their life but bring pain to the parents,their are continouing their gosspels. THE driver got into the bus,my friend too sat in his seat.RAVI said accident was to bad the relatives of the dead body blocked the whole traffic.

Everyone once again surprised by hearing deadbody ws not a student,It is a man with +30 age.who got newly married,the bike which rides him to death also brought sarrow to her wife,she also badly wounded. The bike was stuck at the engine and front tyre. Level of accident was so bad,the body squeezed between the tyres.

The traffic was cleared by police ,every one raised their heads once again looking at deadboady through the windows. The two brothers kept silient like dumb.the old man wife felt same..

The time shows afternoon 1.00pm but the climate looks like dark.the placce was sarrow and memeories of dead body flows on one side of the road.

The driver says in a matured voice who ever the rider whether it is a student or men or women have to feel responsibility about their life and driving.

A MOTHER WAITS FOR HIS SON WHO WENT OUTSIDE…

 A CHILD WAITS FOR HIS PARENT WHO COME FROM THEIR JOB..

 A JULIOT WAITS FOR HIS ROMEO TO MEET HIM IN PARK..

 EVERONE WAITS FOR THEIR LOVING TO COME HOME SAFE…

THE BUS driver was almost aged,the skin was falling but his eyes were arrested for front mirror.his sitting position looks like so responsible towards their passenger,so he driven safely to my home town.”this is my true journey”.

__END__

