Social Short Story – Decision

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the story about the thinking of young generation. Generation gap is always the matter of misunderstanding between young and old generation. Why? It is because of the fact which states that people from old generation wants to follow the old tradition, without any knowledge and proper understanding. But “Young Generation of Today is capable in self decision-making with an appropriate logic” , which is shown in my story :-

Aaradhana was a teacher in a private school whose mother was a widow, who used to stitch the woman clothes for her livelihood. After the death of Aaradhana’s father, her mother was expelled out from her matrimonial house and began to stitch clothes with the help of her savings. One day , a matchmaker lady came to her home to talk about her daughter’s marriage. She showed some pictures to Aaradhana’s mother to select the perfect match for her daughter. Aaradhana’s mother wanted to get her daughter married soon because she was only child of her mother.

Aaradhana’s mother selected a boy (named Ravi) from a very rich family because she wanted to see her daughter happy in a rich family like a Queen. After the decision, she decided to meet the family one day.

When she met with the family members with her daughter, Aaradhana realized that besides the richness of that family, the male members were alcoholic in nature. Aaradhana met with Ravi to know about his family, Ravi told her ” We believe in enjoying life in a proper way. In my family, the women also have freedom to drink. So, you can say OUR FAMILY IS MODERN IN NATURE”.

Aaradhana replied ” My father was alcoholic in nature. Due to consumption of alcohol everyday, his health was begun to deteriorate day- by-day and one day, he died and left me and my mother alone in this world. So, I don’t want to marry you”. Aaradhana refused to marry Ravi and went back with her mother at home.

When Aaradhana’s mother begun to scold her daughter. Aaradhana said to her mother ” My father was also a drunk person. He has wasted all his money in alcohol and died by liver failure. Alcohol is the silent killer and makes human into a devil. You became widow at early age, how can you see the same condition with me?”

Aaradhana’s mother said ” I am the mother of a girl. Parents of girl are always inferior before Boy’s Parents.”

Aaradhana asked ” What do you mean? My maternal grandmother had make you married with a drunk person because you are four sisters and one brother , and you had seen a hell life. You are trying to give me a hell life which you had already suffered after marriage. You have completed my studies and now I am a teacher. I can judge between right or wrong”

Aaradhana’s mother replied ” I want to give you a luxury life, not a hell life. But you have shown me the real picture of the Ravi and his family. I was only 12th pass because my parents had very little money for their big family.That’s why, me and my sisters were considered as a burden in my parent’s house . I wanted to educate you to become economically independent because after the death of your father, my in-laws expelled me out with you and my parents had not given me any kind of help because of my 2 unmarried sisters and one brother. But I am glad to know that you are not only educated , but your thinking is also independent in nature. My parents make me married with a drunken person, who has given me a hell life. But you are not coward, you have proved that girls are not inferior than boys.”

Aaradhana said ” I am happy to see that you can understand and realize everything. Generation gap is arises when old people want to stick to their own decision, without realizing whether they are right or wrong. Your young generation is capable in self decision- making and can take the right step to select the right path because marriage is an important part of our life, not a compromise between two families”.

Aardhana’s mother agreed with her decision and smiled.

–END–

