I’m Sorry, Sheela – Short Story with Moral Lesson

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Sorry Mam we can’t allow you inside unless you know the apartment number” said the Security Guard in a firm and final tone.

I was outside Sheela’s huge gated community. She called me half-an-hour before requesting me to get some medicine for her sick daughter. Her husband has gone out of station & I’m the only friend she has in this neighborhood.

I tried her mobile again, but sadly I got the same reply again ‘Subscriber is out of service’.

“What seems to be the problem here? I’m seeing this lady waiting here for last fifteen minutes.” asked a middle-aged man.

“Madam doesn’t know the apartment number sir” replied the security guard.

“You know the house-owner name? If so we can find the apartment number from intercom directory” asked the man.

“Her name is Sheela. I guess house is in her husband name, but unfortunately I don’t remember his name. ” I replied.

“I’m one of the secretaries of this apartment. I know most of the people living here. I don’t remember a Sheela…”

“She is a school teacher. Also she volunteers for teaching poor children.”

“A teacher is it? Do we have any teacher called Sheela here bhai?” asked the apartment secretary to the security guard.

“Actually there are quite a lot of teachers here…” the secretary told me.

I was about to say she has twin children but stopped because they are dissimilar looking twins. I tried Sheela’s mobile and was quite frustrated at the same reply. Gaining an entry here must be a huge task.

“She must be well known here. She is an active campaigner for eye-donation. Last year she received the state government award for her active campaign.”

“Sorry mam. I don’t know anyone like that here. This is a huge apartment and we may not know everyone. You appeared bit genuine, that’s why I offered to help you. Due to security reasons, we can’t allow you inside unless you know the apartment number. ” Secretary told me firmly and started walking away.

“Excuse me. Actually she can’t see. She is… Blind…. ” I blurted out.

“Oh! She means our bind teacher sir. ” Security told to the apartment secretary. ” If you could have told this earlier we would have allowed you long back. She lives in C-Block ground floor, let me call her intercom” security told me punching some number in intercom.

I’m Sorry, Sheela. I really didn’t want to identify you this way, but I didn’t have any other choice. Why don’t people recognize you for what you are and not for something you don’t have.

__END__

