Short Story Social Issue – The Life and Times of a Stethoscope

Photo credit: 

 from 

As I look back upon my life’s experiences, and remember all the different people I had met, I realize that each and everyone had taught an important lesson. Every experience has moulded and shaped me into what I am today. I am a stethoscope and at present I am lying comfortably in Priya’s cupboard. She is a doctor by profession and she and I have been togather since her medical school days.

I had been gifted to her by her parents. Being one of the most distinguished part of a doctor’s paraphernalia, I was an ideal choice. And whenever a neighbour or a distant relative had the mildest of a twinge in their chest, they came to be examined. They were never satisfied until Priya had placed my diaphram on their chest. I would pick up all the sounds that their hearts and lungs made and relay it to Priya’s ears diligently. They would want her opinion and seemed to trust it more than Priya herself did! “If our little doctor feels that I need to, than I will consult a specialist, otherwise these big doctors are very greedy and will impose a disease even if I don’t have” was the general belief.

As days flew past, Priya and I graduated from the University. We were ready to serve the community as best as we could.

It was at this time that we met Meena. Meena walked into the PHC supported by her mother-in-law. She looked pale and weak. She had come on the suspicion of being pregnant and wanted a confirmation from the doctor. Priya examined her. She placed my diaphram on her chest.

I tried very hard to relay Meena’s heart sounds to Priya- they were so feeble! I also picked up a few extra abnormal sounds while her heart pumped with all it’s might to supply blood to her body. Priya sighed. She knew exactly what was wrong. Meena was pregnant and her heart was trying fervishly to support that extra circulation needed by the growing baby. In the process it was going out way too fast and out of rhythm. There was not enough time for blood to completely fill the heart’s chambers and so even with fast heart rate, very less amount of blood was actually being pumped.

Priya explained the gravity of the situation. An extra life to support for 9 months was going to be too much for Meena’s weak body. But, her mother-in-law was oblivious to this fact. She was already ecstatic at the thought of having “her son’s child.” She even expressed her hope that God would be kind enough to bless them with a baby boy and not burden them with the cares and worries of a girl.

Priya adviced her as to her diet and rest. She prescribed the necessary pills. She wanted a regular check up and follow up so that the mother’s life was not endangered at the cost of a child. But the mother-in-law seemed to think it was a waste of time and money to come to the clinic so often. It was only when she was told that it would be gainful for the child as well to have such regular follow ups that she finally gave in and agreed for them.

And in all this, Meena had had no say. She never voiced an opinion about her health, her baby or her motherhood.

She was simply glad that she had finally conceived after 5 years of married life. She would give birth to her husband’s child. She was glad that the in laws had not solemnized her husband’s second marriage as they would have done if she had not borne a child soon.

And though she delivered a boy and both mother and child did well under Priya’s care, it was a sorry sight indeed. A woman was judged by her capacity to bear children for her in-laws and not for the love, care and devotion she bestowed on her family.

__END__

