Social Short Story – Its Efficiency That Talks Not Time

Short Story – Its Efficiency That Talks Not Time

Photo credit: 

 from 

Swapnil was newly appointed in a field very near to his house in his village. After a couple of days he was given the role to count no of each trees planted in the field by each farmer. It was not tough in terms of technicality. He never had to know the good conditions for each tree and plant accordingly. It was not tough to count one by one. But it was tough that without planting also he has to visit individual part of the field to count the each day’s plantations. Over all the toughest thing was, he had a dependency on all, that after they complete, only then he could count the correct figures.

Swapnil used his wit, planning, hard work, dedications and efficiency to do the work with perfection and ease. He thought, how could he distinguish each day’s part till where counted, so that he could easily start from the next the next day.

Naturally its impossible to count from scratch each day. He also knew that in every field enemies would be there who won’t like others good. So the distinction should be such that noone should know and could remove that. He thought of sticking one sticker with ‘S’ at the bottom of one leaf of the last planted tree on each part. Next day he would bring his experience into play, and seeing the last day’s count would somewhat reach to the nearest row, find the tree with the mark, open the sticker and then start counting from the next.

But when could he do this? He thought of coming early in the field, at least a couple of hours early than others come and count the last day’s count rather than staying late till others go and then counting the current day’s figures. Other than this he has only another work, of letting others know about how much he is planting and how much he needs more to fulfil the target.

But others used to come late. Among them few just after coming used to take a nap or supper or chat with others before starting work early afternoon. As a result they needed to stay late. Again others though started work early, lacked experience about their the good conditions of planting, was not finesse in planting as well. So as result they started envying Swapnil. They started telling very often, that he has almost no work, very less pressured work etc. etc. Some even used to make faces and tell

“What work is he having?”

Swapnil started feeling bad. He thought of a plan.

One fine morning he announced, that very soon, not sure of the date, Malik would be visiting the field and would check about how much of this year’s target has been fulfilled. Swapnil knew that it was remaining to a quite good extent to fulfill the target.

From that day itself, farmers were no more seen wasting their time and were only planting and planting. They somewhat guessed about when could Malik would arrive and till then to fulfill the target, how much they have to plant each day. After whole day’s work when their individual day’s task was completed, they used to leave early as well. Few still stayed late to make up next day’s work or the day’s when they passed gulla time chatting and wasting time instead of planting. Inexperienced ones suddenly seemed to have gained finesse.

__END__

