Social Short Story – The Unseen Face.

Photo credit: 

 from 

The muddy roads , the pits on the road , heavy rain filling them and smelling earth that was the best part of the village.

 This village was also unique because it kissed the clouds at an altitude of 1200 ft above sea level . Even sea contours could not match it. I see people touching the sun just before its settling down. But I saw a moon in the day she was all white fearing the consequences of breaking the earthen pot.

“Go and kill that bi**h” were the words I heard from my father.

Shocked, surprised and doubting I removed the binoculars and asked faintly,’who?’.

“That bi**h which keeps on barking”. Then relaxed I gained my breadth.

She was still standing there and I was almost sure she cried because the eye lashes seen weren’t clear as the binoculars didn’t had a great sight. Till now I am all ready into her and my heart was aggressively thumping as if it tried to break free from my body and my soul could have faced a dumping. The faint lights added more to my heart ,the snow covered fields made me kind of retard. So from that day on I’ve been dreaming of her looking into the streams but it was only my reflection that returned after some screams.

She then disappeared no one knows how. Her father might have traded her that much I can say because he was one of the drunken masters who didn’t know karate but use to play cards or sip the free brandy .

 I was on my vacation from Mumbai

 And was also the only one from my village who has been placed in such a huge city.

 3:30 am the alarm rings just 2 hours left for the train which was back to the financial capital , Mumbai.

 On the train through out the journey after even figuring a star actor I could not resist thinking of her , I was trying to put a face on that dress and lean body of her but I failed in every attempt.

Two months later i received a phone call- ” beta a man is coming to Mumbai from our village to you for your help”-it was dad and I was eager to know who that person was.

To the college I took a taxi at the gate of the college there was a group of beggars. A girl without a hand and a leg headed them she begged and I gave her 2 rupees.

3 days later my mate from my land arrived and surprised me as he was the brother of that girl who was in my memory without a face. He had received an information that she was spotted in Mumbai.

I asked him to show her picture 

__END__

