Short Story About Life – As I Walk Through Life…

Short Story About Life – As I Walk Through Life…

For me a story is nothing but little instances which brings life to the life. And As I walk through life i see so many such instances and it will be unfair if i do not bring those instances to people around me…

As I walked down the road, sandwiched between heavy traffic and roadside vendors, I saw walking in front of me a mother son duo. The son, a tiny little child, stopped midway, stretched his hand, stretched his whole body and stood on his toes to pick some grapes from the fruit vendor’s stall while his mother tried to pull him away. In his dirty shirt and shorts, he was so adorable, the action of picking those fruits was like his newest and greatest achievement; his laughter, as he put some of those unwashed grapes in his mouth, was like he is Krishna himself stealing makhan from his neighbors….

As I waited for the green signal during rush hour, I knew I will again be late for office today and I sat in frustration, drumming my fingers against the steering wheel and looking around and I saw a couple on the bike, the girl riding it and the boy on the pillion, hugging her from behind, tightly, and as she laughingly removed her helmet, the boy kissed her sweat soaked hair and put his chin on her shoulders….

As I was waiting for my turn to board the bus one day early morning, while in queue, I noticed a small boy walking with his grandfather. The boy was solemnly dressed in a kurta pajama and had tilak smeared on his forehead while the grandpa was in tennis shorts and a funky t-shirt, sport shoes, they were walking hand in hand…

As I was standing there to cross the road I saw this girl walking unaware of the world around her. And I saw this guy walking behind her, also unaware of the world but engrossed in this woman ahead of him, looking at her, smiling…

As I walked down the aisle of the superstores, I saw this dad cajoling his 3 year old kid and trying to explain that the things on the racks are not chocolates, in fact they are nothing his kid can use, they are actually condoms…

As I was sitting on the park bench grabbing a late lunch, I saw this young guy, 6-7 years old, trying to impress his girl by going round and round and shouting in his companion’s ears and pulling her braid, he definitely liked her…

As I was just wandering down the lane, I saw this couple in the auto rickshaw, old couple, the almost-white haired lady pecked the cheek of her man and turned away to look outside as if nothing has happened and the old man, he just smiled and reached to hold her fingers…

As I walk through the life I see people, I see magic, I see miracles, I see love, laughter, comedy… As I walk through the life, I see life…

__END__

