Short Story Social – Broken Faith…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ram Das was a regular drinker. Sapna was his eldest daughter. He had two other daughters who were younger to Sapna and a son who was just two years of age. Sapna herself was merely thirteen and her mother died last year due to dengue fever. Sapna was the lone member who could make a little bit for her family by carrying out trivial jobs at homes. She used to do domestic work at many houses.

Ram Das got a large party. A family in Delhi required a small girl to lend a hand for their new born baby. They were all set to pay a fine salary on the term that the girl resides at their place for 24 hours. He thought he will come to meet her once a month to collect the wage. And here food of one individual will also be saved. He acceded without even asking Sapna. She unenthusiastically left her siblings and proceeded to Delhi with him.

Shekhar and his wife Kanika were very good to Sapna. Their new born girl, Vidhi, was very adorable. Despite the fact that child labor in any way is an offence, they employed a child however their outlook for Sapna was polite and pleasant. Kanika used to educate her whenever she got time. She bought books and additional stationery for her. She purchased new garments for her. She gave her good quality stuff to eat. She taught her to see dreams and desire high in life. She taught her good teachings in life.

Sapna began to have an aspiration, a hope and a determination in life. She began to feel affection for herself and her life. She told Kanika about her dreams and her joy. She told her how her father used to squander all her income on alcohol. So after one month, when Ram Das got there to collect the money, Shekhar repudiated to give him any cash. He sends him back along with a word of warning that if he did any tomfoolery in future, he will have to be apologetic.

Next month over again Ram Das came and that time he asked forgiveness for whatsoever he had done in the past, “

 I am sorry for whatever I did in the time elapsed.  I assure you that it won’t be recurring. I want to take Sapna 

 back.”

“Why?” Shekhar asked.

“I will send her to school 

.”

Sapna looked at him flabbergasted. She could not put faith on her ears. She was glad to see the transformation in her father.

“I want her to reach higher and higher”, he continued.

Shekhar and Kanika had a discussion and asked Sapna to pack her bags and commence a new life and initiate her lessons to let her dreams come true.

As she arrived at her home the whole thing was going very well. She embraced her siblings and had chatter with them. She told them about Delhi, about Shekhar and Kanika and Vidhi too. Ram Das left home saying he is going away for some imperative work and will come back at the sunset.

At dusk Ram Das came along with a man of more or less forty years of age and presented him as his pal. When they both had their share of talks he was almost to leave, Ram Das called Sapna.

“Sapna, you will have to go with him. He will take good care of you.”

“Why Baba?”

“He will let you teach beta.”

“I will go to the nearby school Baba. But I desire to be with you.”

“He is a good person Sapna. He will give you money also.”

Sapna glanced at that man. He smiled at her. She said adamantly, “I don’t want to go and I won’t go.”

“You will have to”, Ram Das held her hand. Sapna revolted and in return he started to hit her.

“Baba! I want to study!” she beseeched.

“Oh! You will study! Then who will earn for this family?” and then there was a slap on her face.

She was roughly fainted. She half opened her eyes and what she saw was tear-jerking. That man gave her father an excellent sum and then took her in arms and left. Where she was taken she couldn’t make out. When Shekhar and Kanika got to know about this through the third man who had assisted them hire her, they got in touch with the police. They looked for her father. But he had changed his place. He was gone astray since then. Every endeavor to search for Sapna was going futile. There was no hint of her. She was a victim of human trafficking. Her faith was shattered…

__END__

