Short Story on Social Issue – BIAS

Photo credit: 

 from 

“What is the matter? You are looking so sad”

 Ravi asked his wife Asha.

” Nothing serious. But the News of  atrocities on women being reported in media, now a days, is causing shivering in the spine” Asha said.

Ravi took her words  not seriously and later went to his brother Suresh house to meet his mother Nirmala. After the death of her husband Nirmala is  living with her younger son. As Ravi approached his brother’s house, Nirmala  is seen caressing his brother’s 3 year old son lalith.

“How is your back pain mother?”  Ravi asked.

“It is still paining, I am using medicines regularly. Is your Mother -in-Law still in your house?”

“Yes she is in my house and leaving to her village today in the evening. Are you going to Hyderabad tomorrow?”  Ravi queried.

” If pain subsides totally I will go tomorrow early in the morning.” Nirmala Replied.

Ravi reclined on a chair just opposite to his mother and glanced at the Family Serial being telecasted on Television.

“You see 

Lalith’s facial features are very much akin to your father”  Nirmala drew the attention of Ravi.

Ravi has keenly observed his mother’s face which is glowing with the recollection of her past memories. But Ravi could not conceal his teasing doubt regarding his Mother’s affection over Lalith.

“I still remember the words 3 years earlier you said about Sonu, Lalith”s elder brother, that he  is having the same features of my Late Father. It seems that you are quiet happy with the both the boys of my brother.” said Ravi with hidden displeasure.

“Don’t think that I am not at all  having any concern for your daughters. Basically I am very much interested in Masculine Gender. Moreover you know that your two daughters wont behave as freely as these boys and show some kind of reservedness.” admitted Nirmala.

Ravi bid adieu to his mother and left the place to go to his office. As he approached the Road he has seen his brother Suresh coming towards his house. Suresh greeted his brother Ravi and asked to spend few minutes for chatting with him in the nearby canteen. Ravi followed Suresh to the canteen.

“Ravi, I have just went to my friend’s house on a business matter. My wife has informed me about your arrival . I thought you would spend some more time in my house. Are there any important issues to be discussed.” asked Suresh.

‘No important matters as such. But today I have to tell you that I got a clue for Social stigma associated with the birth of a girl child. The gender bias coupled with atrocities on women from the womb to grave need not be seen as a matter orchestrated by male gender alone. In fact some women develop so much affinity towards opposite gender, that they tend to ignore that an innocent girl child has to play the same role they played earlier with all sorts of  psychological and physiological problems including pains of motherhood. Thus most of the women would not get moral support from the same gender even in their house itself and it is no surprise that Public Roads turned out to be slaughter grounds  for cattle like some women being attacked  by some carnivorous goons who are well  nourished by their biased mothers.” Ravi lamented.

Without uttering a single word and not showing any expression to Ravi’s bitter comments, Suresh went to the cashier  to pay Tea bill.

__END__

