Teenager Short Story – My struggle

Photo credit: 

 from 

Life’s getting better an I’m getting happier, I can’t stress enough on how good it feels to be sober.

Drugs were my thing when I felt alone and down, everyday I came home not giving a sh*t even when I saw my mom frown. I was too busy being thwacked out on dope, addiction got so bad it made me go crazy and wanna get the rope. I was made to believe that drugs solved your problems, it actually gave me more and it was really hard just to resolve them.

I hate to see my mom in tears, heart broken from what I’ve done, but she raised me to be strong so I got sober and the devil never won.

I wish I can reach out to every person in my situation, tell them everything that was ruined in my life and that they should take their parents advice for granted. Every morning Id chop up my breakfast In front of the mirror, cocaine and meth replaced food because I wasn’t hungry that’s why I got skinnier.

Last thing a parent wants is to lose their child especially to a drug, deep down kids when ur parents go silent they believe the devil won. You have to prove them wrong and give ur parents their little angel back, remember they gave you life and supported you so let that motivate you to get on track.

Drugs were the worst thing that’s happened to me, dropped 60 pounds, didn’t sleep, went crazy, everyone saw but me. I was the type of girl who was excited to have a future, but doing drugs pushed mine aside and said smoke me you’ll feel better. Meth was the worst thing that I’ve gotten addicted to, before I told people I quit but deep down I know that wasn’t true.

When I finally got sober after all the procrastination to do it, I realized i don’t need drugs neither does anyone else so my mom guided me and helped me through this. I’m a young woman with a good and bright future, I don’t have doubts because my mom taught and raised me to never be a quitter. People especially teens think when they mess up in life they can’t fix it, well if they truly want to and try they’ll get that good future that they wanted.

I write about drugs in a lot of the poems I write, it’s cuz it’s what impacted me most and was the second biggest downfall in my life. Also I wanted to help and speak to people who just start out drugs, let them know my problems and consequences so they’ll realize it’s not wassup to be around thugs. It’s also not wassup to be in jail because of it, everyone thinks they’re so cool and a thug but don’t realize how much they look stupid.

Please everyone stop all the stupid sh*t your doing, we need to not end the population because of drugs and keep the generations going.

***

 -“My actual life at 17” By: Shanise K. Johnson

