Social Short Story – Sleepy Baby

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Kristy was seeing the Mary Cassatt’s sleepy baby  picture hanging on the wall. Two pregnant women and a man were sitting next to kristy. And kristy’s husband raghu was speaking with someone on the phone near entrance . After  hearing a doorbell sound from Doctors room ,nurse who was sitting near the door and operating the computer stood up and said  “token number five, Kristy you can go in now “.

Raghu hung up the phone, rushed to kristy and both entered doctors room.

A pregnant lady next to kristy went to nurse and shouted “i can’t take it anymore, i’m  not feeling well why can’t you send me in”.

Nurse replied her “sorry mam I can only send you in by token numbers “.

After hearing this, pregnant lady starts quarrels with nurse. They were fighting for more than ten minutes . Doorbell rang from doctor’s room. Man who was watching the fight suddenly stood up and stopped them and said ” mam  please be calm you can go in now, we will go after you “.

Kristy , open the door and came out with raghu. Raghu’s face was numb. Kristy’s eye looked tired and red. Kristy is quietly leaning on car window, raghu tried to say something but stopped seeing  kristy face. While stopping the car at signal, kristy  see’s a beggar women who is going from vehicle to vehicle asking for money. She stares at the child on her shoulder, it was sleeping. Beggar women  came to kristy, knocked the window and said “amma,amma have to buy food for my child ma please”.

Kristy  rolled down her car window, took fifty rupees from her handbag  and gave to her . While the women moved , kristy called her and softly asked ” is the baby sleeping “.

She nodded yes. Raghu started the car after seeing green signal. Beggar women moved from there. Kristy was desperately starring at the child.

Beggar women entered into an alley, a man who was smoking there , after seeing the beggar women, he dropped his cigarette and ran to her .On seeing him “otha, haven’t  I told you its dead ” by saying this she handed the baby to him. He tapped the baby on the cheek twice, but it was reaction less.

Beggar women told him ” throw this somewhere and bring me another one”.

He moved from there with dead baby in his hand , baby was having a rubber nipple in mouth, he plucked out the rubber nipple and threw it on the street, it was little wet .

–END–

