Short Story of Pets – GOSSAMER FIDELITY

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Gossamer fidelity is a soft and silky faithfulness. This fidelity of man when compared with that of our pet dog is how much better, think, the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere man.

Man is moody. Man behaves as per his changing colors in different situations. Unlike a brutal beast, man evinces his disposition many times in many shades. He appears placid and so quietly he does many cruel things that he will not let anyone know.

Are you thinking negative to this thought, think your past, you find sure something that you did killing your docility and humanity. Are you ready immediately to place before the world, plainly, succinctly, and without comment, a series of mere household events that you are against to your will and are you sure you forbade the entry of evil thoughts in to your placid and serene waters of your soul? You will be the only one who can present relevant information about you logically, clearly, and succinctly.

Andy Murray is a kind person. He loves pets. He has a cute dog called Beagle. He has a spare parts shop in busy place of the city. Beagle goes with Murray in his costly car to the shop. He leaves the dog in the nearby park and asks the park keeper to look after Beagle.

Park keeper is Jack Carter. He drinks a lot. He drinks with the money given for Beagle’s food. Beagle has no food in certain times. Just because of Jack’s unfaithfulness.Faithlessness is betrayaland his honesty is lost. Yet Beagle loves Jack. He never complains against him. Have we not a perpetual inclination, in the teeth of our best judgment, to violate that which is Law, merely because we understand it to be such?

The unfathomable longing of the soul to vex itself –to offer violence to its own nature –to do wrong for the wrong’s sake only.

One day, Jack is busy in drinking his bottle of rum. Beagle is in happy mood. She played with some crimson red flowers and yellow cute flowers on the plants for some time. Then she started running after a butterfly and as she hoped to catch the butterfly, she struck to the bottle in the hands of Jack.

The bottle skipped and fell down on the ground. It is broken. Jack is extremely angry and he started beating Beagle with a sharp thin cane. She cried and cried and slowly she slept.

The other day Beagle is not feeling well. Andy took Beagle to pet specialist. The specialist asked Andy to leave Beagle with him and Andy Murray left her there.

After five days treatment, Beagle is again well. But when she is left in the park, she is not staying there. She ran after Murray. He understood that Beagle does not like to stay in the park. Murray asked Jack that what happened so much that Beagle is that much frightened. Jack knows the reason, but he did not evince. He said, he does not know.

Murray is a single man and if comes to his business place, there will be no one at home. For Beagle, he arranged a care taking girl and her name is Melanie. She is a beautiful girl at heart and she loves Beagle very much. She takes Beagle to nearby park every day in the morning and evening. She leaves her to play in the park. She reads her favorite magazines sitting on a bench in the park. Beagle loiters.

Melanie likes Beagle very much and she takes care of her very much. Until Beagle eats, Melanie does not eat. She leaves for home only after she entrusts Beagle’s care to her master Murray. Murray is very happy for the services. He increased her salary also.

One day, Melanie is crossing the road when a car rushed and crashed Beagle.

Melanie is at shock. She took Beagle to hospital immediately and Murray saw her weeping for Beagle in a nonstop way. Doctor said that it is hard to save Beagle. They said, they will try their best.

Murray asked Melanie to go home. She reluctantly went away. That night Melanie could not sleep. Gossamer fidelity of human beings cannot be underestimated. It is very delicate and fine like silk.

One night as Murray sat half stupefied in a den of more than infamy, he saw the image of Beagle before him and it is crying and weeping in her fight with death. He felt stunned.

The time is half past twelve and he immediately dressed up and got down towards his car. At that odd hour, he saw Melanie.

“What happened? Why you came at this time?” Murray asked her.

“I cannot sleep, sir. I am seeing Beagle before my eyes as if she is fighting with death. I want to see her right now. I came to ask you to take me to the hospital.”

Melanie sat in the car. Murray drove the car with unknown speed. He is also eager to see Beagle.

When they are in the hospital, nurse said that Beagle’s condition is precarious.

All of them went in to the room.

Beagle saw Murray and Melanie with her last looks.

They are so sad that they cannot stop the tears dropping from the sloping of their cheeks.

Love is eternal. Love is unexplained. That love made them come there at thatodd time.

The next moment, Beagle lost her last breath. What stay forever are her memories as live throughout the life.

__END__

