Short Story of Dreams – Monsoon Love!

Photo credit: 

 from 

She sat dipping her favourite cookies in a mug full of filter coffee. The vapours of the brewed coffee emanated in the air inside the room. It was raining outside. The first cry of the season was back with the onset of Monsoon. With the raindrops crashing and slithering on the window panes and the sound of the thunderous roar, her heart urged to see the beautiful game of heavens easing out the burden of unspoken tears of joy.

She stood up and moved towards the window. Those tiny droplets racing on the welcoming glass blurred the view of the outside world. Standing there she observed the children playing in the ground. Cute little kids with the most beautiful smiles. So happy they looked! Their elated faces didn’t show any complaints of the mud stuck on their clothes and their spoiled shoes. It reminded her of her own childhood days. Times when the drizzles attracted her and she danced like a carefree peacock!

But now she was a grown up girl. A married woman! She was expected to act in a mature way. It had been two years of her marriage and she always fulfilled the demands of her new family, happily suppressing her own. Her husband and in-laws were her new world now. Today, her soul couldn’t obey her anymore and compelled her to feel the same. She opened the window and extended her hand out to experience the weather. This was the best she could do to feel the outside world. The gush of cool breeze brought tiny goosebumps on her arms. The drizzles danced on her palm and cooled down the warmth. It cheered her up. It had been years since she had last experienced such euphoric sensation within her. Tears oozed out of her eyes and she realized how caged she had been in futile rules of the society.

She had suffered enough. Her tolerance had ended with each passing day. She could no more kill her desires. She quickly wore her rubber slippers and hurried to the playground to cherish her old fantasies. She no more cared about the world.

 Her monsoon love was back. The clouds rejoiced and showered their blessings upon her!

–END–

