Short Story: Failed Writers

Failed Writers – Short Story

Working in the roughest of places, dealing with skin from dead animals. Blood dripping, it isn’t the dream he had in mind. Grew up in northampton, the poorest of area and loved comic books and normal books, a sign of intelligence was in him. The cleverest at his primary but dropped when he got into grammar, realising that there are people in between the upper class and lower class. His ego was so big, he did not want to play the competition the grammar had to offer and sold LSD as a way of rebelliousness only to be kicked out, for corrupting other students.

For the next 5 years, he had odd hard laboured jobs, cleaner and factory worker and on the age of 25 he decides he wants to be a writer as he is touching lamb skin. It just came to him like god to a prophet. He felt weird inside and he never felt like this before, his off 24 pregnant with there first child, how is she going to react of this news his lovely sheela meere. He was dreaming of writing all day of fantastic stories, but he didn’t know where to start or who to see. He remembered his friend steve colins, ex comic book writer in his 50’s and living off benefits.

He goes home to his pregnant wife, and worried of what she might think and just hoping, an argument wouldn’t arise. He gave up his job and talked with steve who agreed to teach him and his wife was the next task. Cooking a meal for the both of them, alan trying to find a perfect timing and then just like anything he spat it out.

‘Honey I gave up my job to become a writer’ Alan spoke straight up

‘what?’ sheela spoke in surprize

Some food in her mouth dropped and alan speaking more and more to calm her down and it did go into an argument which lasted all night. His pals at the factory were trying to make alan come back to work and not be a writer as the chances are slim. But with the fire inside he had never felt before, he wanted to take the risk, because he doesn’t want to work odd hard laboured jobs in which any one is employed mainly the uneducated.

‘Honey, please support me, I have a friend who use to work for a comic, he is going to help me, everything is going to be ok’ Alan ressured

‘Ok I am on your side, but just remember you have 9 months because when the baby comes out, you will have to give up this road’ sheela spoke

‘ok definately honey of course I will’ alan answered

He worked night and day writing with steve and his friends at the factory would help them with food, every day writing and submitting rejections after rejections, the anxiety was killing him and time was running out. He would get angry and angrier and failing was killing him and nothing else mattered to him and he lost sense of life, of who he was and what the origin of this path was. Eventually he was just, unknowingly writing and submitting and getting rejections, like he was in a trance to write.

But then he realised something, its been more than 9 months his child had already been born and it was a girl. He goes home to find no one is there no hot water or heating and no electricity. He goes up stairs to find he is the only one in the house.

‘sheela sheela where are you?!’ alan shouted

‘Don’t you remember, alan she divorced and married someone else 2 years ago’ steve spoke his only friend

‘How is that possible?’ Alan mumbled

‘you were that addicted to writing and submitting and writing, you forgot about everything else even your own child, I looked after you i felt sorry for you’ steve spoke a good friend he is

Alan goes down on his knees and cries and confesses

‘I give up! I give up! I’m going back to the old ways I regrett writing in the first place!’ Alan cried out

steve left him on his own, now capable of living life and all back to normal but with a sacrifice, which was his lovely sheela and daughter. Realising what was most important to him, he had lost, writing had destroyed his life and he burnt all of his fictions and poetry and scattered them everywhere. He went back to hard laboured jobs but this time he seemed to enjoy it, like he had actually missed it all, the dead animal skin and they way they use put it on others as a joke and play around.

 

Furiously writing and writing and her child crying in the back ground, in a cold flat and limited food her child just about survives everyday. Caroline has had a rough life, father left her family when she was young and her mother was a troubled one. She had one sibling michelle and wanted to escape life through writing, she always wanted to be a writer ever since she was a child and she wanted to be well known. She had already gone through a divorce from an abusive husband, she had been beaten and bruised and she took her daughter away from him.

‘All you ever do is write, I need you to cook and clean!’ abusive husband shouted

‘I am a writer, so please just shut up!’ Anne fought back

Only to be punched, but one day as she was leaving her marriage forever and on to a train to manchester an idea came to her head. It felt so real it was as if she can actually touch the creation in her head. As she got home, writing and writing and writng all she did was write and take her daughter out for when she is crying to other cafes and shops and fed her milk and other baby food she can find, but she was writing .

Her sister came by, she was an office worker michelle mossy. Occasionally came round from london to see her baby niece and her sister. Caroline told michelle of her new novel project it is a fantasy and about magic, she talked all day and all night. The next day she left, leaving caroline all alone again, she was writng for months and months and trying to feed her child and submitting her novel excerpts.

She eventually grew depressed, no one accepting her novel, her baby was crying loud and it sounded insanic and eventually she grew insanely crazy and speaking to her self and suddely she can suddenly see her novel coming to life, the fantasy novel and the characters and mythical creature, it was larry maine, a boy who finds out he is half human half demon. Right infront of her all her characters all over her and she couldn’t take it any more and killed her self, while her baby’s cry was heard and was the main news all over england and the world. ‘Depressed writer kills her self’

 

On a monday, Mathew with his finalised novel and already submitted to many publishers. Turned him down already 23 times, growing tired he goes to his wife for comfort and she encourages him to keep on going. They kiss and share an intimate intercourse in bed, the stress had been lifted off.

On a tuesday more publishers turn him down and he smashes everything in his house and destroys anything valuable. He gets highley drunk and intoxicted and his wife lovingly trying to calm him down and encourages him to carry on.

On a wednesday, more publishers turn him down and he gets into a street fight, only to lose they were from prison, but his loving wife sarah kin comforting him and showing him love and compassion and to carry on writing. He contemplated suicide just caroline mossey. But sarah slaps him out of it and comforts him again until he is of sound mind.

On a thursday more publishers turn him down and he cries like a baby and sarah supports him again and he plays classical music to understand his feelings and he keeps reading other authors books only for them to make him more jealous, he remembers the good old days, in high school and college and university his writing was highley praised but now he is thinking they might have lied.

‘this award goes to mathew kin for best writer competition for the university of salford’ the judge pronouncing his name, but past winnings don’t matter now.

On a friday, more publishers turned him down and the police catch him for drunken orderly driving but let him go as they understand his trouble and already know him as a good person and he starts to cry as he gets inside and destroys everything only for sarah to comfort him again.

‘Should I sell my unpublished novel sarah should I?!’ Mathew shouts

‘I’m behind you in whatever you do’ Sarah spoke

Mathew took this as a ‘yes’ and found someone to sell it to, on a saturday his unpublished novel was some one elses and following the sunday, the buyer found a publisher and a film deal weks by and mathew took his anger out on sarah for agreeing with him, and murdered her and following the news ‘crazy writer kills loving wife’.

 

Paul wilkins calls out to the demonic spirits for idea, like a satanist he hysterically calls them out. Always possessing him and giving him ideas, but none have sold out on the market. He has become obssessed and writing everyday he can’t find anything else to do. Harming those that call upon his works as ‘rubbish’, he praises his demons to attack them to possess them and do horrendous things.

‘spirits I call you I call you!’ paul shouts

and suddenly thump to the ground he feels a demon in head giving him ideas, he can surely write about and share to the world. It is a frightening moment, like your head is about to explode and suddely they get out, but with knowledge of beyond. Paul gets up and drinks water and thanks the spirits in the after life and gets to writing. In a dark lit room full of candles, all his friends ‘accidenlty’ killed, but it was pauls demons that had done the work. They weren’t supporting his cause or found out how he gains ideas.

‘demon lamarn, the lazy the scrounger and idiot comes and all laughs’ reading and writing paul

today a short story is being written and as he is writing, from the help of a demon, he likes to speak out what he writes as he writes. Smiling and full of happiness he loves it when he gets ideas. His pearents have past on and no one for him to go to for serious help, suddenly as he is reading his work aloud. His small 2 roomes house is shaking as he is reading. He carries on reading and more objects shake and shake.

Then a demon a powerful comes out of thin air and points at paul,

‘you lie about me!’ demon lamarn shouts

‘what are you talking about, lieing about you?’ paul asked confusingly

‘what you are reading and writing is about me! and it is all lies’ demon lamarn shouts

‘well another demon i summoned for ideas gave me this, I didn’t know!’ paul shouted desperately

Suddenly the powerful demon casted out all his legions around his house, it was near a forest so no one could really hear, paul desperately started pleeing for help, he had been betrayed for the first time. Then suddenly, the people he hurt came to him and they spoke.

‘give up writing and we will help, take out these demons’ they all spoke at the same time

‘ok ok please help me’ paul squeeled

‘and if you go back to writing, we will send these demons back to you’ they all spoke

He agreed and all the demons were casted out and paul gave up writing forever

__

