Short Story with Social Issue – My Dear Answer Script

Short Story with Social Issue – My Dear Answer Script

I sit back and fidget as an appalling entity called the answer script is passed on to me. The enraged red slashes decorate the pale white pages. The natural numbers have ceased to favour me while the negative integers have yet to become enamoured. The alluring voice of a siren interrupts me. A creature resembling a cherub smiles condescendingly at our ignorance and slovenly persona’s. All the donkeys, rodents, sharks and lambs smile ambivalently. I stare at that piece of paper that is intrinsically valueless but acquires immense importance by virtue of Society’s Decree.  Fiat mark sheet, anyone? Pass me some more! The higher the denominations attached the better for my future!

I wonder about the rarer breed of non-conformists who prevail in some distant corner. We all know that society has no sympathy for people who “lack” goals or passion unless they are loaded/retarded/impoverished. Sadly, the lot who fail in the earlier mentioned parameters are always brought under the limelight for their “simpleton thought process” and dubbed “immature”. It is quite unfashionable to value happiness more than pieces of paper that indicate potential well-being. After all, as long as GDP grows, who cares if more than half the population have never tried clean water?

Another thought comes to my mind as I consider the sustainability of this approach. I generally have these feelings when I see the way people drive their cars in India. The idea is always to get ahead but they end up blocking each other! Why do people even bother with traffic signals these days? No one does so during rush hours!

Hovering back to the threshold of the classroom, I begin to wonder about the sustainability of the growing paper waste in terms of assignments that most people simply plagiarize from each other. Ultimately no one remembers a thing anyway and the only soft skill that the Government has improved is the ability to approach another peer and sweetly coo in his ear for his work. Look around you and behold the system of an overpopulated developing country that churns out clueless fools like me every second. The moment I can walk and talk, I am shoved to some institution to achieve something! In the end, I must base my life on some vague notion of achieving something and have big dreams- preferably the popular ones! It’s too troublesome to be a non-conformist  nowadays!

__END__

