“Dreamzzz: The wrong signs” – A Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

INT… auditorium scene

“Thanks to my readers for making my book a national best seller. I wanna give a strong thanks to my dad for publishing my book and to my dream”.

These were the words thrown by a known author ‘Vineet’ at a press conference held for the success of his first ever book……

“IT ALL STARTED LIKE THIS”

As school days are the best days of life. Vineet was goinn through his 12

 std and was very happy about his last year of schooling. At school he was good at studies but was a bit shy, but his power of imagination was very strong . At home he lived with his father who was the owner of a big publishing house.

INT.. auditorium scene;

Once  at a award function arranged by his father, he started imagining himself ,instead of the winning author,taking the prize. “Dad heezzz amzzzingg”.he said to his dad

Dad: Huh!, u know who is he.

Vin: No, but hezzz lookinn  great and also the name of his book is interesting.

Dad: Ohh, so u wanna meet him.

Vin: Nooo.. no, I wanna be like him

Dad: Ok  I have work, enjoy the party.

INT…home scene….

At home dad and vin were watching a football match,as his father was a football fan. Then his dad said “watt are your plans for the future. What you wanna do in future”.

Vin: Dad, I wanna be an author.

Dad: What, I thgt you were jokinn that night…

Vin: No dad, I really like that thing.

Dad : Hey you, shut up and sleep ,its getting too late now.”

As his father was planning different for his furure that’s why ,he acted so badly. Everything was looking black when his father switched off all the switches, his future and also  the room.

Next day vineet was very unhappy and remained like that for some days..

 

Home ….

Dad was looking unhappy and tensed. I came nearby and said “Dad, what happen why are you so.”

Dad: Oye! You wanna be a author……..tellll (he growled)

Vin : Y…..yesss (frightened)

Dad: Achha, chall go and write your story and show it to me in two days, understand (with high volume sound)

I was very confused at that night. So, I started watching a movie of harry potter, as it was one of my favourite magical series. I slept while watching the movie, and started imagining in my dream,

DREAMINNGGG

as  I have joined a magical school and that day we were going for a trip through through a flying bus. The bus conductor was giving every person a mark of sign through a stamp on their hand.  “A magical sign, this is. It’ll save you if any problem occurs in space, understand(with broad voice)”

“yeesss”. all students said

Me and my best friend were so much excited as it was our first ever trip. So we were playing , as my friend hit the conductor and the stamp fell down from his hand.

He shouted, “What the, what are you doing, remain in quiet in the queue”.

We managed to sit in the bus joyfully. But that night resulted in an accident btwn the two buses in air and our bus crashed.

I was all gone, the dying type of  feeling was coming to my mind. But suddenly my eyes opened and I saw some people were like me and some were gone. We were ten people in the bus . six were alright and 4 were gone,like they were dead.and finally those  4 students were killed during the trip. And in that four was my best friend, I cried a lot that day….

Next day I suddenly went to the head of the school and encountered about the deaths. Finally, they people managed to find the secret behind the deaths, that these 4 students had got the wrong stamp printed on their hand.

Then I recalled the scene when I pushed my friend towards the  conductor and that stamp felling scene. We six people had got the sign printed on our hand at that time and my friend was just after me.   “It was me, who killed my own friend” (talking to myself) and I cried a lot.

Suddenly my dream broke up and I started writing the story on my dream as i was so touched with that completed with proper ending. Then I came to my dad and said,this this the story.

INT…auditorium scene

And now;

An announcement;

“The ‘best seller author’  prize goes to MR VINEET for his story ‘MY DREAMS: THE WRONG SIGNS”…..

__END__

