THE PHOTOGRAPH – A real and true incident from life

Photo credit: 

 from 

The Photographs are my life . I am Sam, a freelance photographer. I love to take photograph and edit my photograph. But, Tomorrow is a special day, I will lose my job in HINDU because for last three months I have not reported any exclusive photograph. I began to walk , it’s around 8’o clock night. The sun has taken respite and the people are moving to their home in great urgency. Nobody wants to speak each other , Even give a smile  at the neighbours . The city is very beautiful with all those lights, she looks charming and wild. I moved towards Ernakulam there are many messy areas in the city,Sometimes I may get some smuggling or Marijuana lending clicks. Time had passed,it’s around 11.I was really disappointed .I hired an auto and shouted my home address. The day was gone in vain ,I decided to show chief my photos ,The next day.

“You are a reporter, right?” ,driver asked.

“Yes”, I replied to him. ” Hey! Could you take me to some stuff like smuggling photograph etc”,I added.

” I know such places ,But it is really dangerous to go to such places alone”, he said .

I smiled at him and he viewed it through mirror.Unfortunately the auto stopped and he began to look after for the reason and told me ” Sir ,just 5 minutes”.

I lifted up my camera and began to take some photograph.10 meters from our auto their was a street light .I move towards it viewing world through my camera . I was shocked to see that and I clicked my camera suddenly.A man was abusing a girl and she was crying,her face seems like she lost the scope of resisting him,I think she is not a Keralite .

” Brother” ,I yelled . Suddenly ,he ran towards me and the man walked away.The girl looked at us without any face expression.

“let’s go”, driver said.

The auto started. She is still sitting their.we reached the end of the streets , my vision towards her began to disappear.I see the man  coming back to the girl,

“Stop ,he came again “, I yelled .

He stopped the auto and grabbed my hands.

” If you really want to save her ,go and take her to your home ,If you cannot do that just sit inside “,He shouted at me.

I sat inside the auto without replying him.I reached home my thoughts was fully immersed in that incident.

 “Sam ,Wake up” Arun called.

He offered me a cup of tea .While having my tea ,I noticed the clock ,”OMG! “I yelled .The meeting with chief of newspaper is with one hour ,I dressed quickly and leaved the place. When I reached office ,He invited me to have a cup of coffee.

” I believe you have brought some exclusive photos for me ?”,chief said .

I smiled at him and gave my camera to him.He began to notice every photo and looking at me with disgrace.Suddenly ,He smiled at me and said “Good job Sam”.

I was really happy , I offered my thanks to god.

“This will be in the headlines  ,Sam”, He said and turned the camera towards me. I was shocked to see that a photograph on that incident. It was an accidental click .

“No ,it’s really unfair to sell this picture , if I do so I am abusing the feminine values,I will not do so “, I decided.

But chief refused to give me the photograph .”Sam, are you mad ? just think about the mileage you will get through this photo and don’t you want to save that girl” he said.

I refused . He offered me 1 lakh for that photo . I thought that child welfare centers will here. I sold the photograph.

Years passed, My dreams grown wings and sailed me long enough. Today I am Chief Photographer of Times of India. My new assignment is in Ooty, A story about sex workers. I reached the place with one of my friend. They welcomed us without knowing about us. Lots of girls came outside seeing us . I was shocked to see the girl in there . I gave 1000 rs and pointed her. We moved to room .

“What happened to you ?How did you reached here?”,I asked.

She was looking at me without any expression.”Thank you sir” she said.

“For what?”,I asked.

” For the photograph ,many people came to me seeing that ,one day some people came to me and they told they are from karunya children’s welfare society and took me here”,she said and began crying.

“Come on let me take you from here”,I asked .

She refused to come with me and said” Let me stay here, If i go one more girl will loss her dreams and life”.

I opened the door and began to live . She called me and I looked at her .”Sir ,instead of me was it your sister will you do the same?”.

I looked at her eyes,their I could see the hatred towards the world.

 This story is based on real life incident seen by my friend madhu and else is fiction.

__END__

