Social Short Story – Situation

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

This is the story regarding the circumstances of the life which ruin life of a person. But the question arises is that whether the sympathy or hate of the people is suitable for the person.

Raj was an intelligent student of the class since his school time. Now he was pursuing his graduation from a reputed college. He was the brilliant student of the class and both teachers as well as students like him . But some students of his class jealous of him because they were weak in studies and teachers in the class always give them the example of Raj in the class to reform them and to take interest in studies. So, they always try to degrade Raj but never succeeded in the class as most of the people like Raj because of his helping and caring nature.

One day, it was the fest of “Foundation Day” in the college. Ravi, Aakash , Gaurav , Rajiv, etc. ,who were always jealous of Raj due to good academic record planned to teach Raj a lesson. They invited Raj in a farmhouse to attend their friend’s birthday party. Raj was interested in parties, festivals, etc. So, he agreed to attend the party. After the completion of college fest, they took Raj with them but Raj was unaware about their plan.

They took him to the farmhouse and started enjoying with Raj in the party. Then,Ravi offered a cold drink to Raj which Raj drunk. Suddenly, he started dancing in the party and behaves like a drunk person. Indeed, Ravi mixed alcohol in his drink and he was recording his activities from a hidden camera in the farmhouse. Ravi talked to Raj’s parents and make him understand to enjoy him the party at whole night because next was holiday in the college. So, his parents agreed to stay his son with his friends.

When Raj wakes up , they showed his drunk video and started blackmailing him to keep away his attention from his studies , otherwise they will show his video to his parents. Raj was from Barahmin family, and his family was very strict in taking alcohol, smoking, etc. So, he was neglecting his studies and got third division in his semester . They started to develop the habit of drinking alcohol by threatening to show the video.

Raj’s parents were very upset and sad of his bad result. But when they asked the reason of bad result , Raj started crying.

One day, Raj ‘s father saw him drinking with friends. His father couldn’t understood anything. When Raj came home, his father started to scold him. It was the very big shock for Raj . He gave swear to his father and narrated the whole incident of blackmailing. After hearing this incident, his father felt sorry and said to him “Biggest problem is communication gap of children with parents. When anybody known about this gap, they take the advantage to harm. But when your parents is with you, you have no need to worry. I will teach them a lesson”.

Raj smiled and realize that his parents trust on him.

His father met with principal, and got their academic record. Then he called those students with their parents and make him understand by threatening to give the information to the police about this incident. After that, they felt sorry and realize the chance to reform themselves without the feeling of jealousy.

__END__

