[The Curious Tale of Rosewood – Short Story on Politics]

The Curious Tale of Rosewood - Short Story on Politics

Rosewood had been voted the 

 in the country yet again. The citizens didn’t bother much about anything. One part that the survey failed to mention was the number of patients admitted in the psychiatric ward. It was a stunningly high number. The real tragedy was that everyone was so well-off that it made them bored and tired of it. This was also reflected in the zealous attitude of the administration in terms of dealing with a crisis as it rarely occurred. Though it was a long-forgotten fact, some old patients in the dementia ward would speak longingly of the town they had known half a century back. Hardly anyone remembered that the whole of Rosewood had been used as a social experiment by the Government. The citizens had been monitored and regularly gathered for brain-washing treatments. Criminals had been eradicated and given its small population, the town had shown an astonishing success rate. Once you legally immigrated into this sleepy town, you were never allowed to leave. There was a long immigration waiting list nevertheless.

Tyson the police officer was tired of being an ideal citizen. He was actually a sadist but given the conditions of the town, it was impossible to leave or to exercise his tendencies. There were days he got really angry at how hypocritically perfect everyone was in their supposedly blissful world. One day, he was watching a News Channel and an idea hit him. He decided to set fire on Rosewood Bridge while people were celebrating Christmas Eve. Getting inflammable substances and guns was a tough affair as it was banned in town. He managed to get hold of some chemicals and decided to start a fire at midnight. The flames ate away the old wooden bridge and people fled away in fear. It was a beautiful sight to watch those anguished and angry people. Finally, this boring town would have some drama. The News Channels relentlessly spoke of the callousness of the Mayor and his team.

An excessively curious reporter got hold of old documents about the brain-washing activities that went on in the psychiatric wards. These incidents left everyone disturbed and encouraged other potential delinquents. Utter chaos continued when another rebel freed the prisoners in the jails. There were a series of violent incidents in the city. Most of the surviving people found this a refreshing change from their routine. Ammunition was auctioned off at black markets and even toddlers were first taught how to use a gun before being toilet-trained. Most of the citizens had been incorporated under some newly formed mafia families though they continued with their normal jobs. Arson, murder, robbery and assault became common-place affairs for a place that had been repressed for too long. The authorities had been over-whelmed initially but now enough money had been provided to ensure their non-committal stand. Ultimately, the perfect social order of Rosewood began crumbling as more people succumbed to their innate tendencies and passions. Within five years, Rosewood expanded to a city that tied with another in terms of being 

 in the country.

__END__

