An ambitious boy, running after his dream

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

There was a boy. He knew nothing. His parents pampered him very much. He was elated at the birth of his sister…he gained real consciousness from that day on.

His father was in Army, and got transferred from station to station. He was born in Pune city of state Maharashtra in India, which was the first station – obviously he didn’t remember that far. Thereafter the next station – Chandigarh, where his sister came into this world!

The next city was Kashmir, which they also call Switzerland of India. There he got aware about nature, monkey rope, and about snow, which is in abundance there. He tried his hand at skiing too, but could not accomplish it at that age.

After Kashmir, it was time to stay in Calcutta. There his parents taught him to eat at various restaurants, and about different cuisines, and provided him with all luxuries of life. Its true that 

Then they lived in Bangalore for about three years where the boy was privileged to be served by a number of servants, who looked after all the boy’s works. The lake near his house was beautiful. His granny came to visit from Delhi. He felt wonderful. Time and life was like a long, never ending furlough.

Then his father decided that the family will settle in Delhi city, the capital of India, excluding him, who will continue to serve the Indian army, and travel forth alone, while the boy, his mom and sister stay in Delhi in their permanent residence, largely so that the kids’ education was not hampered. The boy studied there, and had fun. Father wanted him to be a chartered accountant. But the son always wanted to be  bollywood actor – a super film star, but in his heart always wanted to fulfill his father’s dream also, but could not accomplish it.

Soon, he got a chance to work in a media company. His hope grew, and he was a devotee of God Hanumanji. He continued working in the media firm, tat maybe, he gets a chance to persue his passion through it. He wanted to evince that his dream was achievable, and within reach. So far so good, the company transferred him to Mumbai(Bombay) as well, which is the hub of Indian film making. Back of the mind, he was always full of dreams to become an actor, hence could not perform very well in his daily office work. He worked little in hours.

Bombay is a city which is very expensive to stay and live in. Despite this, the boy’s father made excellent arrangement for him to stay in. But the boy was very disappointed for he was not working well  in office, and was not getting a break in acting, which he dearly wanted, and quick. So disappointed, that he developed a brain desease, and great fear of things. 

The boy was brought back to Delhi. Here, his parents were very sad about what had happened to their son. Dad took him to a psychiatrist. Treatment began. Dad had warned him months before he travelled to Mumbai,  that son – people who are too passionate about becoming actors, land up giving in to drugs. The grave mistake was that the boy didn’t understand this earlier, and in some way or the other – here he was – on bipolar and schizophrenia drugs prescribed by his doctor, and had to take it lifelong now.

Now he started fearing the medicines. The by loved a girl. A girl so decent, who was still ready to marry the boy, after knowing about his condition. His parents had arranged a grand wedding for them. An oculus with ray of hope and happiness again in the boys life – but wait! The morning of the wedding day, the boys father slipped in the bathroom, and four days after, died of brain hemorrhage. The boy and his family in deeper distress now! But the marriage was not stopped on that day, as father was in coma, and mom wanted the boy’s happiness. Some inevitable circumstances arose, where the boy had to leave house and live separately. A lovely daughter was born. Sister got married to a good guy.

You would be glad to know that the boy is finally settled and happy with his family, in a good job again. Positive in life again. And is able to meet his mother daily, invariably, thanks to his job nearby. His father’s blessings are with him, and so is his mother’s unconditional love. But he will still keep fighting. Fighting to be a better son, husband. brother and father, always. And let me tell you – He is still obdurate – obdurate to be a superstar of Bollywood, and eventually Hollywood.

__END__

Love – Nitesh

