Social Short Story – A Million Dollar Smile

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s drizzling. Heavy traffic. Horn.. horn.. every vehicles roaring. 2, 3, 4 wheedlers and pedestrians were struggling to get out of this & reach home. While crossing flyover suddenly “ಬೆಳದಿಂಗಳ ಬಾಲೆ” movie flashed in my mind. Completely silent; silence. I don’t see any vehicle on road; there is no flyover no building no central mall. All alone, completely alone it’s still drizzling. Eyes are searching for hot tea. There is a shop on roadside, tea is in hot vessel am searching for shopkeeper. Feet are heavy can’t lift n move. Standing Middle of road……..

Traffic Signal count down started & and saw a very cute girl may be of 8 or 10 years old. Irregularly combed hair made her look more cute (I guess her hair never tasted hair oil). When RED light lighten she ran to a car and was checking her face in the colored glass. her eyes were shining. there was attraction in her smile. She was holding balloons of “Chota Bheem”.

 Stepped back awkwardly when suddenly a car glass went down. She moved vehicle to vehicle. no body shown interest in balloons. She went back as green signal lighten.

I stepped out from that bus and came near to her (conversation was in Hindi. Below is its English translation)

 “What is this”

 “Balloon” sweet voice I murmured.

 Who’s picture is this?” Shown picture printed on that balloon.

 “Chota Bheem” her voice was with full of confidence.

 “Do you know him?”

 “No” this time her voice was low and seems she’s not interested in my questions but she was answering.

 “Ok. How much for this?” Opened my wallet

 “Rs 75” there was a sudden change in her voice.

 Though I had exact money I thought to give her chocolate and took her to nearest shop.

 “What’s your name”

 ” ”

 There was a silence for a minute because her name was so familiar to me.

 “Ma told me not to take anything if someone offers” she said when I put chocolate in front of her.

 “But I don’t eat chocolate, I bought it for you my friend” She looked curiously and kept in her pocket.

 “Have you ever played with this?” holding balloon in my hand

 “No. My ma never allowed me to. She beats me if I do so”

 I gave her money and gave that balloon to her and said “this is for you, its yours. Go and Play with it”.

 Took that balloon, ran and gave remaining balloons, money and said something in her mother ear. Shook her hand in air. I could see a million dollar smile in her face. Disappeared within 5 min. I stood spellbound.

__END__

