Short Story Remorse – Never – Ever Give up…!!!

Never – Ever Give up…!!! – Short Story Remorse

“I QUIT…!!”

My cell-phone used the feature  “SEND – TO – ALL” for the last time with utmost efficiency.

I slowly slid down that little piece of high – revolutionary history into my pocket, as I stepped into the golden sands of my serene but dangerous beach.

The first foot I placed in the sand sank in the warm but silky sand, just like my life which sank into an abyss of melancholic darkness.

The most beautiful, glorious and the incredibly charm – filled tourist attraction of my city couldn’t spell its cast over me anymore as I was lost in a world which was ruled by “PERPETUAL SADNESS”. Each step towards the monstrous blue waters of the beach ignited 3 powerful feelings in me -” FRUSTRATION , ANGER , SADNESS”.

Finally, I reached the shore and found a hoarding  which displayed  the death – toll in that beach , that  year.

“WARNING: SWIMMING IS DANGEROUS HERE”

“Well, who is going to swim here now. I’m going to sink myself to death”, I said these words a bit aloud in my heart. The words ” SINK MYSELF” brought chills up my spine , but I was left with no other option.

Till  the  last  step  on  the  sands  ,  frustration  and anger dominated sadness and  now  its  time  for  sadness  to unleash  its  power  over  the  latter,  as  I  placed  my first  step  into  the  devilish  waters.

TEARS ROLLED DOWN MY CHEEKS…!!!

My heart  was  wet  with  incomparable  and  incomprehensible   pain, as were  my  feet  in  the blue  waters  of  the  beach. I took  a  step  forward  as  the  waves  pushed  me  back. In  my  life ,  I  lost  in  every  situation  with  every  person  possible  but  i led myself  into  a world  of  happiness  gathering all the courage in this  world.

BUT NOW, I CAN’T DO IT ANYMORE…!!

I QUIT..!!

Rewinding  these words  repeatedly  , I  pushed  myself  into  the waters  only to find  that I’m  half- way through. Finally,  I  looked  into  the  sky  which  was  ruled  by  the radiant  sun. I never  dared  to  look  at  the powerful , truly  unfading  rays  of  a  sun  before  but  today  for  the  last  time  I  want  to  witness  those  brutal  rays  of    heat  till  I  submerged  myself   completely  in the  water. Tears  escaped  my  eye – lids  and  enjoyed  a  free – fall  into  the  beach –  waters  thus  losing  their  purity.

The  next  moment I sank  myself  into  those  blue –  waters  hoping  that  I would  end –  up  with  a  ticket  to

“STAIRWAY TO HELL”( most   probably).

Fear  came  into  play  now  pushing  aside  the  sadness  of  my  remorseful  heart.  Fear provoked  the  last  traces  of  ” MY  WILL  TO  LIVE” but  soon  my  thoughts  accomplished  the task  of  demolishing  the  fear. Thoughts  opted  for  a “ROMEO” role and  finally  landed  up in  my  past, thus , killing  brutally  every  reason  and  excuse I could  find  to  live. I  would  like  to  give  a brief  description of  those  thoughts  which  flashed  in  my  mind  only  for  a  few  seconds.

THOUGHTS –

” I LOVE YOU”, I said  these  words  to  her  bending  on  my  left  knee ,  with  a  “RING”  in  my  right  hand ,  with  a  smile  on my  face  and  with  an intense ,  deep and  true   feeling  named  “LOVE”.

“No,  I’m  in  love  with  someone  else”, she  said  these  words  in  a low – voice, with  her  head  facing  the  sands  of  the  beach  which  I  got  into  just  a  few  minutes  ago, gradually  making  me  NUMB  at  my heart.

Falling  to  back  to  reality ,  now  I  could  feel  my  palms  and  feet  go  completely  NUMB  due  to  lack  of  oxygen.  That  NUMB feeling  of  my  feet  and  palms  started    treading  its  way  into  my  body  parts  and  finally  reaching  the  weakest  part  of  my  body

“MY HEART”.

I  could  literally feel the  NUMBNESS  of  my  body  parts  clashing  the  already  present  NUMBNESS  in  my  heart.

Seconds  to  leave  this  world, when  I  suddenly  felt  a  hand  wrapped  around  my  chest  from  behind  ,  pulling  me  back  to the  shore. The   next  moment  I was  lying  on  the  sand  staring  at  the same  blue –  sky  unable  to  believe  my  luck( rather  ‘ bad luck’  at  that  instance  of  time  ).

Gradually,  i  cleansed  tears  in my  eyes  only  to  find  a  tall, strongly – built man  staring  at me.

“Thank you”, I said  in  my  lowest  voice  possible  as  my  lungs  lost their  power.

I never  knew  how  his  face looked – like as  the  “SOURCE OF LIGHT – FOR EARTH” stood behind  the  giant  ,  blurring  the  image  my  eyes  tried  to  telescope  – through.

“NEVER  –  EVER   GIVE  IT   UP , SON”, were  the  only  words  the  man  ever  spoke.

He  walked  away  slowly ,  leaving  me  in  the  sand.  I tried  my  best  with  utmost  difficulty  to  call  that  man  but  his  image  faded  out  in  the  cool, moisture – filled  evening  breeze  of  the beach,  eventually.

I laid  there ,  in  the  same  place ,  that  angel  of  mine  left  me,  for  another  two  hours  during  which  only  4  words  revolved  in  my  mind  constantly

“NEVER – EVER  GIVE  UP”.

Don’t know when, don’t know why,  don’t know  how,  but  I  started  looking  at  life  in  a positive  way  suddenly !!

After   much  effort ,  I  stood  on my feet  after  a  long  rest  on  the  sand  and  started  my  journey back  home.

NO….

JOURNEY  BACK  TO  LIFE…!!

My  feet  sank  into  the  sands  of  the  beach  again, just  like  my life,  but  now,  I started  walking  with  confidence,  even  with  SUNKEN FEET , thus, designing

MY  LIFE  ,  MY  WAY….!!!!

__END__

