Short Story with Social Issue – Had to Suffer

Short Story Social Issue – Had to Suffer

Photo credit: 

 from 

Fate can’t be changed. No one can tell what exactly will happen in future. Sometimes it’s good, very good and sometimes very bad beyond our imagination. My mother was the jolliest person I had ever known. Now see what my dad has done.

She was one of the most beautiful lady I had ever seen in my life. But now her face & smile all had burnt all because of me & my dad. I tried to give her all happiness I wanted to but I cannot. I too have limitations and I am not that much capable. I really do feel so.

I grew up looking and just looking how a man’s ego destroys the love within a family. I don’t know whether it’s a part of culture or religion but men are more privileged  by birth. They have the right to do anything wrong if they wish & women covering it up and tolerating. My mother thought that it’s the fault of hers and inability of giving birth to a boy is the reason behind my dad’s rude behavior. But she is totally wrong. My dad is damn selfish & flamboyant. He completely lives his own life. And whosoever comes across his freedom is either abused or are even afraid of speaking before him and sometimes even thrown off. My mother has to bear all what my dad does because our Indian culture is framed so. Sometimes she thinks that  having committed out of caste marriage is the crime she committed. But I do tell you here also she is wrong. Men like women of all castes until they are useful to them. They use & throw. Once their heart is full of one kind of product. They switch to another. My father has had three marriages in his lifetime.I had seen him since birth staring and looking at all kinds of women and also seeing only one kind of relationship that can exist between a man and woman.

But I had told my mother that your biggest mistake was giving birth to me as I am suffering because of you & you because of me because men can never be wrong as it’s our Indian culture. If any man stalks a woman then marry woman, if any man commits any kind of sexual assault women are responsible, if a girl child is born, women are responsible, if they talk to a man they are doubted of an affair etc. But I don’t know one thing  if  it really is then why aren’t women more powerful than men since they do all the things & yet are weaker sections of our society. Isn’t that contradictory? Why our society has a square shaped mind & can’t think beyond it’s own self created prism. Why it doesn’t want to come out and see the light of truth before taking any decision or forming any opinion for anybody.

Overall we are still fighting our battle and the only answer which I am able to find is:- ” Had to suffer “.

__END__

