Life of a Girl – Short Story of a Mother

Photo credit: 

 from 

! A simple and common word, we all know from childhood but who actually understands….

In simpler sense, we know a girl to be a female: A female whom we see as our mother, our sister, our friend, our wife or our daughter in different stages of life. But have we ever tried to understand the impact of these transitions in the life of a girl…

One day, a little soft touch made me feel as if the entire world’s happiness is here near me. Then I turned back with slight difficulty to look to the reason of pleasure. It added to my delight when in a honeyed voice I heard, ‘Maa..Maa.. .’.

On my hospital bed, I felt as if my little baby is calling me mumma mumma…, without realizing that a one day baby cannot speak in words.

I instantly opened my eyes to see the little angel who just came out of my womb. I could not find words to express my eternal joy but my tears said it all. Her fresh contact filled the emptiness of my life. Just before I could hold myself with my wonderful experience, someone came howling into my room and then a harsh voice killed my moment of pleasure. Somebody outside my room was shouting, “Oh No! It’s a girl! Why did you curse us God?”.

This grief was from the family members who didn’t expect one more girl in their family. All their dreams had shattered with the arrival of my little angel. But for me it was my first motherly experience.

I went closer to my newborn, tried to hide her inside me. She was all mum, just trying to understand what is happening around her. I was not allowing anyone to come near her but then I felt an affectionate touch. On raising my head, I saw my pack of support (my mother) close to me. She has always tried to make me feel good about myself. But every time things are not in our control.

She slowly said, ‘Dear, I can understand what you are going through. This is how the journey of life is, especially for a girl!’

She was absolutely right. Within a spur of moment, all my life’s ifs and buts, good and bad, smiles and sorrows ran in the back of my mind. In-spite of the flow of emotions within me, I gained a sense of strength from inside. This feeling was to save and protect my tiny tot from all the odds in living.

Immediately, I started murmuring – She will not fear from anyone just because she is a girl child. She will not compromise in any circumstances of life. Her happiness is her right. No one is allowed to hurt her in any ways. She will have the utmost Right to Education. Moreover, She will not lead a life where her family does not cares about her, her brother dominates her in all the decisions, her husband controls all the decision of her life, her in-laws rule her existence, even children don’t pay any respect for her surrendered years. Like this, her survival won’t go for a toss. This was my “BIG Promise of the Day”, Just for her!-my little angel on my lap.

I hope and expect all the females to understand my promise and all those (males) related to females to provide support to my promise…

__END__

