Short Story with Moral lesson – When 20??

Short Story with Moral lesson – When 20??

Its a evening time at Coimbatore (City in Southern India).

Sunil, David, Aswin are in the ground with their Coach.

Coach tells them “Tomorrow district football Selection is there, so come to Nehru stadium at 7am and don’t wear school jerseys since other school students also come, so no one should have any school identity”

Sunil, David, Aswin are 10th std students.

As soon as their coach tells them sunil decides to purchase a new jersey, so he asks others opinion and others also agreed to buy a new jersey. At 8pm sunil and david are waiting in-front of the jersey shop.

Sunil : Where is that idiot?

David : He will be in few minutes….hey he is there…

Aswin is waving his hands from the other side of the road. Once he crosses the road and joins them, they enter the shop. Sunil took Ronaldo jersey….David took Beckham jersey….but Aswin was searching every where. Sunil and david got puzzled as aswin is not choosing ronaldo, messi, torres, beckham, rooney….etc.

Suddenly sunil asks ” what the hell you are looking…all the biggies are here…

Aswin : Baichang Bhutia

Sunil : Korean ?

Aswin : yaa Korean super model..you scumbag idiot..

Sunil : hey hey wait what happened..I didnt tell anything wrong…

Suddenly david whispers in Sunil’s ear “he was the Indian captain and also top scorer for India”

Sunil remains silent after hearing. After searching for 30 minutes…Aswin went to the shopkeeper and asked do u have any Baichang bhutia jersey or you have ordered.

Shop keeper replied as ” we wont keep chinese guys jerseys…they wont sell…they are useless…”..hearing this sunil laughs and murmurs “I am better”..

Aswin in anger shouts ” he is not useless Chinese…he is useful Indian…”..and goes.

Next morning at 7 about 20 students with their coaches are waiting in the stadium. Student are standing in a line…selection coach arrives…he just looks all of them…suddenly he stops at one guy.

He calls him and asks his name

he replied as “Aswin”

Coach : why are u like this?

Aswin : Like what?

Coach : your jersey….you have written some name on a white t shirt…no money?

Aswin : Money is not the reason…Indian football’s fate is the reason…people of our country is the reason..     my friend is asking “Korean”…shop keeper “Chinese”…you as some name….This is why we are still cheering for beckham…messi…ronaldo…. Rooney…bla bla..I can wear villa, drogba, giggs but why should I have to endorse someone when there are play-makers in my country. ..most sick thing is most viewers of  EPL is from India but no one knows about i-league and cares about chetri..kumars..lawrence..bhutia..pauls….

So I thought of buying a bhutia jersey but its India we love other only than us…so I didn’t get..also many guys wear football jerseys without knowing the players…just for getting the attraction …especially for the eyes of girls…

I don’t want to fall in that category…I  have dozen ways for those eyes to see me….at-last I took a white t-shirt and wrote bhutia…definitely atleast ten guys will look this… at-least one guy will know about our own legend bhutia…thats the end of the line…

Coach : I don’t know whether you play well or not but you can lead and guide them well….so you are the captain of the team….

everyone claps…..and disperses for the practice…

Coach tells “sorry for that some name”  to aswin…Aswin laughs and goes….

Next Evening aswin is waiting in the bus stop near that shop and holding the ball…the shopkeeper comes and displays the bhutia jersey in the hanger…

Aswin looks that and smiles…

__END__

