Short Story of a Girl – The Window….

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Looking out of the window Anjali was finding peace in the droplets of rain sliding on it. They were slowly downward on the window glass. She opened the window and the view was ecstatic. The window faced a beach which was at the highest point of its beauty. She looked closely and could see children running in the rains and enjoying the sea at the same time, a young couple romancing in the rains, a family of a couple and their child who were taking time off from their daily responsibilities and enjoying the breeze on the beach. It was raining at a lower pace and it made everything so beautiful that it made Anjali wanting to go out and play with those kids , go out and hug her partner till forever. Anjali was going into a trance with every passing minute, she heard sounds of people and realized there was a fight going on the street alongside the beach. She tried hearing what the fight was about but couldn’t.

The smell of fresh earth after it rained filled her senses. She loved getting all drenched in rains but right now she couldn’t move away from the window,the sight was too beautiful to move. She saw the waves touch the shore and move back , thinking that life is so similar, we achieve something only to loose something else. The noise of the waves was enchanting her.

Anjali loved the sea since her childhood. And growing up turns simple life pleasures into wants and it happened with her too. She always dreamt of having a sea facing penthouse.

A sudden noise broke her trance. The noise came from behind and she turned her back to look what it was. A plate of food being slided towards her. The room was filled with noises of people next to her room, some fighting and some judging how bad the food was. She felt a rage in her head, the empty walls started to stare at her again and she couldn’t bear it. The food in the plate was scaring her , her appetite was dead.

Anjali was fed up of it now, eating like an animal and being treated like one was the last thing on her mind when she committed the fraud. She actually hated everything that brought her to reality, the trance was so better and accommodating. She wanted a luxurious life full of french windows and a sea facing penthouse.

But reality was crude , she was serving a 10 year imprisonment for a fraud at the bank where she was employed. Working around too much of money and not having much of your own gives birth to its own set of insanity. The window facing the jail compound was the only thing keeping her sane . This very window was her passage to her dream life. It helped her transform reality to dreams.

Not all dreams come true, even after your most desperate attempts…. but you can always live your dreams in your head….

__END__

