Simple Stories-4

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is different in so many contexts. One day I saw my friend feeling very comfortable.

“Why are you so happy? I think you are very comfortable in your new job?”

“Why not, I am very comfortable here compared to my old job?”

“I see. May I know something as example? May be you are getting more money and less work?”

“No, in this job I have more work and my pay is lesser than what I was getting in past job.”

“Wonderful! Then tell me how you are getting comfort here?”

“I see everybody happy in my previous job. I see everybody unhappy in this job. My neighbor’s uneasiness is my real comfort. I enjoy a lot seeing my colleges suffer with more work and less pay.”

“Oh this is your comfort. What about others?”

“May be they are also like me, they are not comfortable inside and look comfortable outside.”

 

“It is a wonderful way of earning more in less time.” A commerce expert said.

A new head ready to jump in commerce wondered.

“Can you explain me?” He asked the expert.

“Very simple, nobody is at loss in this.” commerce expert said.

“How?”

“I told you it is simple. See, if I plunder his money…he will not keep quite. He will loot some other’s pocket. If the some other is a good commerce head, he will plunder his neighbor commerce head. It is common in business that one who loses gains from making some other losing.”

“Oh so easy, I empty your pocket and you don’t look at my pocket, but instead you find a new pocket to empty. Great, I like this commerce.” The new head said and took immediate decision to enter in the line.

 

“It is ambiguous.”

“What is ambiguous? It is very simple, It is an adjustment of conflicting interests with each adversary satisfaction of thinking that he has got what he ought not to get and deprived of NOTHING except what was justly HIS DUE”

“Can you explain me?”

“Of course, but it may be hard to digest.”

“No problem, tell me.”

“Two persons are in dispute about their wives. The Justice head made them compromise on one thing. He declared the wife of A as the wife of B and the wife of B as the wife of A. So they got wives and they are deprived of NOTHING except what was justly HIS DUE.”

“Oh this is the compromise!” He wondered knowing the full meaning of what is a compromise.

 

There were two friends by name John and Man. John is eloquent and man is talking less. They both loved one girl by name queen. She is in dilemma that who is better.

In no time john became a big politician and started earning good.

So Queen married John. Man is a poor man losing queen.

They both have a master by name Ruin who loves Man for he is ruined.

“What is my defect? In which way John is better? I lost my queen. I thought she will choose me.” Man showed his pain in his words.

“It is natural my by. The eloquence of power is like that. It is compulsion. So she is under this compulsion and she chose him.” Ruin consoled the man. .

 

Raj and Ravi are close friends. They are so close that they say “congratulations” when ever each of them score good marks or win best place in sports.

“They are enemies. They don’t love each other.” Manna said.

 “I don’t think so. They must be very close friends and they like each other very much. Or else why they say congratulations every one’s success?” Hanna expressed his doubt.

“You fool! Congratulation is the civility of envy” Manna explained and improved his knowledge base.

 

A case says that Bob is eating the brains of others while they are trying to make him polite.

“How can you say that Bob is eating the brains of others?” Judge asked.

“Very simple sir, We want to do something which he does before us.” He said.

“Say clearly.” Judge asked him.

“It is clear statement that he is BORING.”

“Boring? How?”

“He talks when we wish him to listen.”

“Suppose if he listens, are not boring by talking when he wish you to listen?”

“We did not think this… We are sorry to bring him before you.”

 

“Can you tell me Johnson that what is faith in life?” Benson asked.

“A faith is a belief without evidence.” Johnson said.

“I can’t understand. Can you explain me?” Benson requested.

“I believe you a good man. I have no evidence for this. I just believe based on faith.” Johnson said.

“I need more explanation.” Benson insisted.

“It is simple. You speak about me that I don’t drink and smoke. You have no knowledge that I drink and smoke. Speaking something without knowledge is called faith.” Johnson said.

“I know now. I say that you are very nice, do not quarrel. I know that you have murdered a man, but I forgot that and I speak about you as a nice man without harming even the ants. This is real faith, right?” Benson repeated.

“Exactly, precisely we are right and we have faith in each other.” Johnson finally settled.

_THE END_

