Social Story – THE DEAD MAN

Photo credit: 

 from 

He is rich man. He returned home from bar and slept in the night. In the morning, the servant saw him dead. Doctor came and confirmed his death. He has wife and two sons. He has five houses and six bank accounts with a lot of money in the names of his wife and two children. The wife is always asked to be careful and spending. Now there is no one to ask her this. She is happy.

The two sons have the right to have money, but only after his demise. Now the moment has come to draw money as per their wish. They are happy. The friends and relatives came to see him. Everybody was unhappy when he is alive. Now they are happy for he is dead. There is yoga guru for that rich man. He came hurriedly. He checked the rich man.

He knew now that he is not dead. He looked at the rich man’s wife and rich man’s children.

“Ï will make him rise from his dead body. But you have to say what you really thought at his demise.”

“Ï thought I have lost him, so I lost with him everything.”The wife said.

“We thought that father’s loss will be a great loss for us.” Sons said.

Yoga Guru knows that what they are saying is not correct.

“Are ready to lose him or you are going to make him alive?” Yoga guru asked.

“What we said is right.” Rich man’s wife and children said.

Rich man is a very nice disciple of Yoga Guru.

“Ï have a will written by him which says that all his property should be given to Ashram. If you want to know whether this is right or wrong, he must be alive. Only if say the truth that what you have thought after hearing that he is dead, you have to tell me here. You can see the copy of his will.” The Guru showed the copy of the will or testament.

The faces of Rich man’s wife and children are painted black.

Now they opened the mouth and said what really they thought at hearing the death news of the rich man. Now yoga guru said to rich man to wake up, who is in deep yoga and which even the doctors also cannot recognize he is not dead.

The dead man is alive. His wife and two children bowed their heads down.

__END__

