It was the time when I was dreaming of becoming a scientist and 3 Idiots was just released and there was chaos among all youngsters to see which is the idiotic thing that making everyone to enter into multiplexes.

I was about to be a topper in my class in 9th standard. And the irony is my dream and the movie got attention by many people as soon it was released. Both was having effect on people but the limit of people was group of 60 students and whole India. But effect on my dream was super negative. Whole class was teasing me by the name ‘chatur’ and I don’t know why it was irritating as hell even if I knew my reality that I don’t study by mugging.

This was the time when this situation was deeply attached with my mind and I was not able to have faith ,belief on me that I can do something positive & big in my life. Thus the time goes on and I cleared my 10th standard with 88.73% and pretending to all that i got 90%. I got admission for my 11th in not the same college for which I dreamt so I was really upset and I cleared my 12th with not so good %. Thus it had effect on my engineering entrance exam and it let me to go in not so big and famous college.

(You all can see the effect of name ‘chatur’ has drown me drastically).

And thus I didn’t got any placement. I gone for many interviews but I was not selected bcoz of my low confidence. Once I dreamt to be a actor but was not sure about the allowance from my home bcoz we belong to a middle class family and believe me it is very hard to see a dream of becoming a actor without  money. I was influenced by a reality show ‘BiggBoss’ and I gone for audition in Mumbai ( at distance of about 60km from my home, I stay in Mumbai but believe me people of Mumbai has low confidence and they become happy in their boring life).

I was not selected for 20-30 times but I didn’t gave up and I restored my confidence and again gone for a audition( I usually curse my fate and I do not get select in any field in which I apply for)and that was the lucky day I got selected for a supporting role ( role is not necessary ,how u plays it,it is the most important thing).

I took my position from supporting role to lead role in just 2 movies and now my name is Raj Sharma.(The title of this story is 10se12 bcoz this is the phase in which negativity ruled my brain, and in one way it gave me profit bcoz without this whatever i am today is just a myth)

Thank you,

Dinesh Sharma.

