 

” Who gave you this pluck, you son of a b***h?”,shouted the inspector .”How dare you speak about my loyalty and nationality? Don’t you know that I can even jail you for this, Sanga.”

“I know ,Sir. I even know far more than that. You are not loyal to the country or our farmers or even to your own self. That’s why when I provoked your self conscience your pride and the make-believe story you convinced yourself with came to your defence.”

“Don’t talk nonsense, Sanga.Though you are the son of an ex-minister I can’t save you if you lead another strike.And there’ll be arrest for sure.Don’t be selfish and spoil the future of your friends also.”

“Do you think I’m being selfish.Do I fight for myself .It’s our culture,our pride and not just that it’s a perfect plan to destabilise our economy.”

“What the hell are you blabbering?”

Don’t you know what I talk about”.”It’s all a perfectly planned plot mr.Akram and you know it too.”

“Please be sensible.You are just a student.They can arrest you or worse debar you “.”Then what is to become of your life?

 But what about the lives of farmers?They too ought to live,right.”

 “Why all of you are so foolish?, I can’t understand.”

 “This is not foolery, Sanga.This is being compatible to situation and saving our own necks.”

 “But I know that you good at heart, Sir.And even you can only dream of doing these things.That’s why you’re jealous at me.”

 “Maybe I am.But never forget that there is lot more to these things than you know now, which you’ve never even dreamt of.”

“I believe I came to this world to weed out injustice. The farmers are the ones who give us food. And I will never let down the person who gives food”.

“Why,even my father was a poor farmer , once.”

“You fool , can’t you still understand that he’s behind all this. I think it’s time for revelation. I know not yet another way to convince you. You remember the day your father gave a beach house party to some well reputed guests.They were none but the members of that organisation.It was rumoured that there was money transactions also.Even I was sent to meet and convince you by your own father.Now stop acting like a fool and go home.”

“What ?All this a plot! I can’t believe it .What will my friends ,who suffered along with me think if they knew this?”

 He covered his face with his hands and wept bitterly.After that he allowed himself to be taken to his house.All night he thought how money and power changes the true self of humans.

Early morning an idea came to his mind .He wrote a letter saying that he is going to kill himself in the hopes that justice will be ensured to the farmers and that he is ashamed of his birth.

He texted his friends for the last time ,”I Miss You” and proceeded to hang himself with a slight smile of achievement hidden somewhere in his lips.

–END–

