She walks slowly. Her feet sinks into the soft wet sand. The moment feels like forever as she walks toward her final destination. The breath of the ocean blows into her dripping wet face. The air becomes cool as the waves come closer. She looks straight ahead, no thought of retreat. Thick showers of rain shatters against her, and thunder echoes over the ocean. Waves crash against each other and collides with the shore in front of her. She walks peacefully.

What could the reason be? Why would she choose to embrace her fate inside the wild waves? Did some thought or remembrance haunt her enough to drive her into the never-ending ocean? His mind repeatedly asks unanswered questions.

But only she knows…

What memory drives her legs to move forward into the water, continuing deeper and deeper into the blue.

But it leaves you to wonder, what did she think as she slowly walked to her grave? What thoughts surged through her mind as the cold water touched her toes? And who’s voice did she hear as the waves pulled her closer? Who’s arms did she feel around her, as the ocean covered her shoulders?

He was the only one who saw her on that stormy afternoon, six years ago. When the sea was deep and dark, the sky grey and angry. The rain thick and never-ending. The wind, strong and rapid. He was on his old fisherman’s boat anchored in the small, empty dock when he saw her. The nude figure of a woman walking toward the monstrous sea…

The sea seemed restlessly wild as she gazed at the furry. The noise of thunder, rain and waves exploding over rocks and cliffs. But, amidst all the noise, a male voice reaches out to her, shouting. She stops and ever so slowly turns her head. Not to far away stood a man in a yellow rain jacket on a fisherman’s boat. Her depthless eyes stares at him for a moment. In the few seconds passing it feels like he was looking into her soul. A tear disappeared between the rain washing down her face. Then she turns her head toward the ocean, and starts martyring forward.

She’s beautiful. Her deep blue-green eyes takes away the breath of men, her enticing mouth invites them. No one knows her, but the people who knew her will soon forget her. She leaves life the same way she arrived. Poor and naked. The world tossed her around, and engraved on her body like a knife. People, or perhaps one specific person, has tampered with her soul in such a way that she finds the cold, stormy ocean a paradise in comparison to the life she grew up living.

He remembers looking at her through his seaman’s binoculars. Her long dark hair cleaved to her face like snakes, her eyes were beautiful yet hollow, scared yet peaceful. There were no bruises on her breathtaking body. But he could see the bruises on her abandoned soul. She had no will to fight any longer than she already has. He knew there was nothing he could do, as the young lady walked calmly closer to the waves.

And suddenly her head disappeared beneath the dark ocean and he knew. Nothing could be done to save her anymore.

She and the waves collided and became one.The current pulled her in like a victim and dragged her across the coral reefs until her body was unrecognizable. The old fisherman stared at the spot he saw her disappear, and thought to himself…

What would his deep blues do with her?

Toss her out onto the scorching white beaches, where she might lay there, alone awaiting the natural decay of life. Or would she be thrown onto a beach filled with people, where children will yell in hysterical fear. And people will circle around her tormented body like vultures. To mock and stare at her remains. Take photos and make their own presumptions. Even though none of them knew her heart or lived her life. They will look down on her, as she is left with no one to cover her.

Maybe, his ocean will keep this young woman save within her waters. Where the salt of the deep can cleanse her spirit and heal her soul. And she might be as immortal as the watery horizon.

His old seaman’s eyes stared at the solid line where sky and waters meet, where no storm is visible. Only a deep, dark, calming sea. And he sang for her her, a poem of the sea…

“You are like the ocean. Your tides are deep and endless. Your secrets dark and hidden. Your beauty reflects of colour, as your tears crash down like waves. Oh, how endless is the sorrow you hide within your storms. Oh, how blessed is the beauty you hold within your stillness. Your peace is as eternal as the memory of your departure…”

–END–

