It was a pleasant day. And the train wasn’t overcrowded. I was returning to hostel from my home. A three hour journey it was. But a talk , an experience that would be etched forever ; in her eyes , in my memory.

A Mother was sitting with her kid exactly opposite to me. Both of us facing the window. A window seat is a blessing, isn’t it? Being the introvert I am , I usually spend those three hours of journey looking out of the window, the same scenes ; listening to Music , the same songs. But this time , I couldn’t stop but let myself see the mother-daughter duo right in front of my eyes. Babies are adorable , aren’t they? She seemed to be of around three to four years of age , or that’s what I guessed. And her mom looked quite young.

Sometimes, don’t we all decide the age of a stranger as soon as we look at them? Okay, coming back to them now. After a few minutes of being in the ‘noticing-let them not know I am noticing’ phase , I figured out that the girl had certain problems in communicating with her mother. Her actions and responses were either supranormal or subnormal , but not normal , but I wouldn’t want to say abnormal either .Sigh!

At a moment , the kid started staring at me . I tried to smile and ended up feeling awkward. I asked her name. And her mother replied. I smiled. Then we just talked a bit of usual stuffs. The mother asked me why I was travelling . I answered. I asked the same. She sighed and then replied that she was going for the kid’s treatment course. Being a medico, it was my sudden instinct to ask about the condition. I could notice the inhibition in her face. But then she answered. Maybe because she knew that I was a medicine student , or maybe because the girl’s condition was visible , and obvious. She said her girl suffers from a slight mental disorder , and hence the aphasia and also certain limbs abnormalities. I said I was sorry.

To lighten up the moment, I said, “Your daughter looks exactly like you, beautiful.” I don’t know why or how I said that. I’ve never spoken as such to any stranger. But I was happy that I said that. The mother smiled , a happy one , a proud one this time. And I caught a glimpse of her cheeks turning pink. And the girl playing with her face.

Then I put forward a question, or a continuation maybe. My instinct , you can say. I asked if there were any complications during pregnancy. She gave a small laugh and said , “I don’t know. I didn’t give birth to her.” I was shocked for a moment. She sensed my confusion and answered my unasked question , that they adopted her when she was three and it’s two years since then. Mind-blown. The amount of love and care to the adopted girl – No Bounds. They made her their own. No matter the condition the baby was in. They gave her a life worth living for. They gave themselves a life . Still, a relation so pure.

We didn’t speak anything much significant later on. We were just enjoying our piece of mind, some peace of mind. I was smiling at the girl while saluting the mother in my head. A little before the train stopped for us all to get down, the kid smiled at me and gave me a wink, and wow! that made my day. Or that small journey, made my days.

This beautiful incident inspired me to write this.

Thank you.

–END–

