Social Short Story – The Wish

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was on my way to the Examination Centre for my Board Exam. It was the first day of exam. I was pretty nervous and it was already late, further the windy climate was adding t it. I had to walk a 100 yards as the exam hall was inside a huge campus.

I had just crossed a few yards, suddenly someone called me. I looked behind and saw an old man may be in his late sixties, wrinkled body, passed through all odds and oddities in life. He asked me where the examination hall is. I showed him the way and told him that he can accompany me as I am going in the same direction.

His voice was calm and composed, as expected of a man of his age nearing his end. We chit chatted for a while and at last I heard the most astonishing thing, he was giving the exam. It was nearly time for our exams to start; we went to our respective halls for giving the exam. The exam went fine, I was returning happily with a blush from the examination hall. It may be coincidence or like I was destined to meet him Mr. Rao.

“How was your exam, Uncle?”

“Okay”

“Why are you giving the exam, at such an old age?”

“It’s just a wish; I hadn’t got a chance to study further during my age due various family burden, so now I just had a feeling that I should pass the exam before my doom’s day.”

We chatted for a while, learning various things about each other, it seemed like I had a new friend. He lived a little far from my house; I mean a walk able distance. We bid adieus, with a promise to meet each other during the coming days.

Days were flowing fast while spending time with Rao uncle, we discussed various questions and learnt various new things, and it was fun. As if the subjects were very easy, I could easily grasp. It was pleasant, I felt like we were destined to meet.

As time doesn’t stop for anyone, nor did it for us. It was our last exam, the paper was easy and I could see many happy faces leaving the exam hall. I was searching for Rao uncle among the myriads of students and parents and it was all in vain. I thought he might have left and went home.

The very next day I was scheduled to go with my parents to Delhi and the excitement to travel and enjoy holiday’s overshadowed meeting Rao uncle. Those days just went away in a blink of an eye. The date of the result to be announced was just a day away. I was quite nervous, really tensed and anxiety was increasing.

Finally, the day arrived; I logged on to the website and checked my marks. I had secured 90% of marks, I was elated so were my parents. Suddenly, I thought of Rao uncle and as I had his roll no. I checked his marks. I was really astonished – 91%. The zeal to qualify in exam really bore fruit. Without wasting any time I left for his home and bought some sweets on my way.

The gate was locked; I thought he might have gone somewhere. I asked the neighbor’s. It was really a big blow to me, he was dead. He suffered from cardiac arrest a few days back. It was really very emotional news for me. I couldn’t control my emotions, I cried a lot and thought, a person who even at such an old age wanted to qualify the exam, cleared it with such good marks, still he isn’t alive to cherish his success. Is God that merciless? Or is It fate?

__END__

