Social Story – PEACE WITH NO TROUBLE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Miss Ari is a business woman in America. There is no place where some peace is secure, she thought. She is a richest woman with many businesses and she is almost tired of looking the things of business.

Ari is now around thirty, not married and not interested in marriage. What makes interesting to her is not known to anyone in the world. Even she herself thinks many times about this and she thought it is the toughest thing to know.

Ari is feeling trouble with people around her. So she thought she needs a place for some time where there is no people and no trouble.

She has a secret place to live for some time. It is in deep woods. In that house, there is woman in her old age. She looks after food, shelter and everything she needs there. She has visited that place few months back.

The house is simple one like a hut of a simple peasant. Nobody knows that a business woman will stay there. Even the old woman who takes care of her also knows nothing about Miss Ari. She thinks that Miss Ari is from city and she loves to spend some time in the woods, so she will come any time in the year, mostly once three months.

There is beautiful stream near that hut. Mostly no villagers come there. Even if they come, they cannot find any valuables there. So there is no problem. The old woman looking after the hut there is also a single woman, with no relatives. So she is a trusted woman for Miss Ari.

This Miss Ari came to this place in village dress. She wants to someone will be interested in her and she can spend some time with that someone without any trouble. If trouble comes no problem, she has her gun in her purse which always with her.

 John is a young fisherman who saw her walking boldly in the woods. He is from the nearby village to that wood. He approached her asked her if she needs his help.

“What help can you provide?” Miss Ari asked him.

“Any help. I am very much familiar to this woods and people coming here. They will be mostly travelers for photography, sightseeing and spending some time with fun. Where do you stay?”

He asked her. She simply smiled.

“I know where to spend?” Miss Ari said.

He took her small luggage and followed her. After a little walk, she is heading towards the hut she used to dwell.

 “That hut is vacant, I know. The old woman stays there. But she is dead a month back. I myself cleared her body from there.”

 When John said this, she was almost lost her confidence to live here for some time without minimum facilities.

When Ari is looking disturbed, John said that there is nothing to worry, the old woman may be someone knowing her and he will take her place to see her needs there.

This time, Miss Ari looked at John who looks very sincere, So she nodded her head as if she accepts his proposal.

“I will stay here few days and I love to stay in woods for some days. The old woman is my friend’s mother and I expected her here so that she will take care of my needs here.” Miss Ari said as if she is very much disappointed.

“Don’t worry madam, I promise to see your needs.” John said with more confidence.

John cleared the hut and arranged all the needs she is waiting from the old woman.

“What is your name?”

“John” He said.

“See John, You can go home every day in the night and come in the morning here to look after any needs.” Miss Ari said.

“Okay madam, can you manage in woods without any trouble?”

“No problem, I can manage easily.” Miss Ari said.

While he is going, she gave him hundred dollar bill.

He looked at the bill and said, “This is enough madam, for all the days you spend here. I don’t want anything more, this is more than I expected.”

She smiled as John went away on his way to village.

*****

There is stream nearby. A waterfall is also there. Wild animals will be there, but one should take care of them always in the woods.

Miss Ari spends her time at the stream. She sits hours there. The butterflies in beautiful colors and designs perch on the little plants. Beautiful birds are chirping. The moss is grown under plants. Green grass up to knees level is grown. Beautiful colored bugs are there on the grass and new leaves of the trees. The moisture is everywhere.

Miss Ari sat under a tree very comfortably and looked in to the waterfalls. She was very happy looking at unnamed beautiful birds. She saw a small blue bird came near her. She looked at her and sat motionless. The bird came near her, when there is no movement in her, she tried to take some of her gray hair for her nest.

Then she caught her and kissed her. She caressed her taking her in her palm. In few seconds she became friend of her.

 John was bringing very good fish and all country food which she liked very much. She thought to give John good payment before going.

Now Miss Ari is feeling good peace and great pleasure. No trouble is here in any form, for which she is extremely happy.

 One day she saw a poisonous snake near the hut. She shot it and threw in a bush.

John saw the snake the other day and he found her clever to attack in the need.

“You did nice to keep gun. I saw the dead snake.” John said.

“Thank you” Miss Ari said.

After ten days, one day there are clouds and the heavy rain is there. John could not go home and he said he will stay in the hut and go home in the morning.

Miss Ari accepted. She could not sleep in the night. But John was sleeping comfortably.

It is in the morning that Miss Ari got up. By that time John has gone. Miss Ari found that her purse is gone. All the money is there in the purse and the little pistol also is there.

She was wondering, why this man is turned like this.

She walked to the village nearby and asked about John.

The villagers looked at her with pity.

“John is a thief and murderer. He murdered the innocent old woman in the woods” someone said.

“He took my purse and ran away.” She said with simple pity on him.

Actually she wanted give all the money to him and go away to city. But he is so bad that he had what he has to have, but with bad name of a thief.

She called her secretary to come to the village with a helicopter.

“Madam, John is killed. We got this purse there.”

A villager handed over the purse where she found all the cash and the pistol.

“How is he dead?” Miss Ari asked him.

We saw some tiger paws on his chest. He might be fighting with a tiger before he is dead.

There is no doubt that John has taken her purse with bad intention, but destiny is different, he is dead in her place.

Miss Ari thought that life is peaceful in the woods, but not without troubles.

_THE END_

