He was small,when his mother left him, his weak legs still trembling, fighting hard to stand.

 He followed her for a distance, but he tripped and fell and when he looked up, she had disappeared..

 He was all alone now and all his siblings scattered. He was hungry and cold and his eyes dreamt of happiness.

 The blue sky was his roof and the foothpath his merry home.

 The left over food was not a choice it was the thing he survived on.

 The competition was tough, he was not alone on the streets, others rushed and fought for food, so did he, but failing the times he tried.

 Pain was common, it was now a habit, it was that fire that casted him into an iron heart.

 Time passed he adapted to the street and now he had grown up to his responsibilities.

 Responsibility to protect his home.

 His area was restricted, so was he.

 He was skinny,but never afraid to challenge an intruder,he was aggressive but never distant when help was required

 Baku had matured fast…

His mates were happy,so was she.

 She embraced him the first time they met,but he overlooked her for the sake of his duty.

 But she didn’t stop,always trying to amuse him.

 He tried resisting but his barrier too felt short of her charms.

 They happily settled.

The little one came running to his mother.He was hungry,so was she.

 She comforted him with love,but the hunger was piercing.

 She was waiting for him to return.

 Baku had been long gone in search for food.

He spent the whole night wandering and searching for food.

 Even invaded the foreign areas,but returned empty handed and injured.

 His body had scares and was left limping.

 He picked his way back home pained and disappointed,but thanks to a humble man who offered him a piece of bread.

 He felt a sudden burst of energy,now galloping across the streets and clearing obstacles.

 He stopped,waiting for the road to clear.

 The road cleared and he proceeded.

 (Screeching of tyres)

 BOOM

 A driver,driving at a high speed had hit him,he went flying, dragged for a few yards.

 The driver fled.

 The crowd gathered.

 The poor “dog” lay broken on the road and a stream of blood ran down staining the asphalt,his hefty breathing now fainting with his tounge hanging loose like a piece of meat..and his flickering eyes close..this time forever..and his bread..long stolen..

At the other end, she was worried and tired,she makes a decision,decision to find him.

 She moves down,but is followed by the younger one who trips and falls and in the meanwhile,she disappears.

(A salute to this selfless species)

***

