Rains are boons and blessings. They are a rare gift of god to mankind. They bring prosperity, rich harvest, happiness, and joy. However, an excess of everything is bad. It is equally true of rains. If they are in excess, they may result in floods, widespread suffering and loss.But generally, rains are welcome after the hot and sultry weather of summer. They bring welcome relief and revival of agriculture activities. It is said that mercy droppeth as the gentle rain from heavens. The scarcity of rain results in drought, famine, and spells of suffering.

India depends on for its prosperity on the rich and timely arrival of monsoon. July to September are the months of the rains and monsoon. India is an agriculture country and water is vital for realizing the full potential of agriculture. And rains are the biggest and the cheapest source of water. for our agriculture and other needs. Even otherwise, rain is always welcome as it gives joy, relief from the heat and a new lease of life to plants, animals and other creatures.

This year I had a very pleasant and memorable experience of a rainy day. This day I will never forget. It has left an indelible impression on my young mind. This was the day when my school had re-opened after the summer vacation in July.The rain was already late by a week or ten days.

People were anxious waiting for the rain and the arrival of the monsoon. They were praying the rain god to merciful. The days were unbearably hot, sultry and long. Outside it was really scorching in the sun. People ventured outside only when it was necessary. People relished cold-drinks, ice-creams and cool air of the air-conditioners in their homes. But only a few could afford these comforts and luxuries.

I was going to my school in the morning on foot. it was a quiet hot and uncomfortable. I relaxed my steps as I began to sweat but soon the sky was overcast with big, black and dusky clouds. They were thick and huge like mountains. They were full of the promise of welcome rain and comforts from heat. And lo, soon a cool breeze began to blow followed by a genital rain.

There were thunders and lightening and more massive clouds. It grew dark, pleasant, and the temperature suddenly dropped low. Then it began to rain heavily. The clouds thunder and pour water. In no time there was water an water everywhere. People were drenched and happy so was. I protected my books with a plastic sheet and then ran into a nearby coffee shop foe shelter. Some passerby already took shelter there. The shopkeeper was happy to accommodate all of us in his shop. It rained continuously for one hour. The roads, streets got flooded in no time. The traffic came to a halt as there was keen deep water at many places on the road.

Children were very happy. They came out of their houses and were enjoying the rain. They ran, played, splashed water on one another and danced gleefully. They also enjoyed pushing the car stranded in the knee deep water on the road. A few of them floated paper-boats and deep and shouted with joy. It was a great fun for them and reminded me of my early childhood days. A couple of children were trying to swim in the rain-water.

I was drenched to the skin and my school uniform was dripping, but i felt much delighted. Cool and relieved. My books were safe. Soon a fat person came seeking shelter in the shop. He was almost without breath as he ran fast to reach the stop. Mean while his left foot slipped and he fell down in the muddy rain-water. I could not help laughing and others also joined me. There was something funny about the fat man, his gait and running. I felt grateful to him for such a hearty and loud laugh that we had so unexpectedly. It is the unexpected thing which gives us most pleasure and delight. However, the man was not hurt and was on his legs soon, though he had lost his cap in his efforts. The rushing water of the rain had swept away his cap instantly. The poor fellow felt nervous and shy and avoided to come into the shop.

When the rain stopped, I decided to run home I decided to return home. As I walked slowly along the payment, I felt as if has changed. Everything looked new, fresh and inviting. The rain-washed tree-leaves were dancing in the breeze joyful. The birds, here and there on the trees, chirping a welcome song to the rainy season. A couple of crows were busy in bathing themselves in a nearby puddle-muddy water had collected in several small pools on the road. They reflected the sky and the nearby scenes enchanting. They looked big pieces of mirrors and lent magic to the surroundings.

I reached home, changed my clothes, and then had a cup of hot tea with some snacks. I enjoyed it as I had never before. It filled me with a sense of some indefinable pleasure and satisfaction.

–END–

