Social Story – I WILL KILL YOU

Photo credit: 

 from 

The Interest grows day and night. It never cares your interests of your life. A man takes a big bucket of water to pour on a burning match stick. He says, “I am afraid I cannot stop this small fire if I am not enough careful, you know, this small fire can burn the whole forest if left.” The Interest is fire to burn natural resources of small, little families taking loans and the interests grow to eat entire family soon.

One man with a thick beard entered the barber shop. His name is peter. People call him Peter the beard.

“How long it took to grow this level?” somebody asked him looking at his thick and long beard.

Peter the beard came to barber shop for crop, not to touch the beard.

“You don’t know my friend. Interest and the hair in my beard grows day and night, so you need not ask me how much it took to grow like this.” Peter the beard answered in a cool tone.

The man who asked is Nick and he is working in a small company with a very small salary to grow his big family. So he often takes money from a money lender of heavy interest. Peter the beard knows this, so he answered like that to touch him what he is doing is not right.

Nick thought that interests are killing him. Peter wants say that debts are killing his low income.

Nick took 500 dollars from a money lender five months back and he does not how it has become 1000 dollars in this short period. Nick is poor in mathematics and money lenders are always very smart in calculating interest not paid in time.

One day, Nick took thousand rupees to that money lender and tried to return his money.

“I am interested in interest only. I don’t take the loan amount back soon. This is my policy.” The money lender said with determined voice and took only five hundred. The capital or the loan five hundred is with Nick as if it is a snake ready to bite at any time.

Nick has a friend by name Dick. He is a bootlegger and he sells illegal LIQOR. He heard the problem of Nick. Dick took Nick to that money lender and picked a quarrel. Dick asked him to take the loan amount from Nick and leave him safe.

“It is not 500, you know? It is 5000 took from me. Ask him to return 5000 dollars. Then I will take the money back.”  The money lender said.

At that time, another big bootlegger by name Bill came and he looked seriously at Dick.

Dick knows that picking quarrel with Bill is not possible, because he is the secretary of the cities bootleggers. So he paid the money lender 5000 on behalf of Nick and Nick saw him helplessly.

“After seeing your dealings in taking loans, I understand that you are a lamb and they are the wolves.. So don’t go to any wolves for taking loans. I am here to help you. If you are not happy with your job and salary, come to me. Just leave all the hatred towards my work. You will be happy here.” Dick said to Nick after coming out of the premises of the money lender.

Nick was in serious thinking. His income is meager. His needs are more. He cannot live with what he is earning. He cannot jump to illegal professions.

One interest is “LIVING WITH PEACE AND PRIDE”.

The other interest is on petty loans “GROWING DAY AND NIGHT LIKE THE HAIR IN THE BEARD”.

Society is dumb viewer looking at the poor people who are being harassed by money lenders and being worn out.

Nick was in serious thinking. He has the offer of Dick. He has no interest in his way of life. He likes him as man. Not as man with his profession. A man is different and a man with what he is doing is different. These are two sides of everybody.

A man is good. But he is not always good. So something bad you can see with every good man. What is good and what is bad is also always in controversy. The good is bad when the beliefs get changed. You can offer wine to devotees, but not everywhere. Wine is bad in some communities. A devotee who is a hunter by profession offers his god Lord Shiva the fresh meat hunted by him, It is what he has, so he offers this with devotion. In some place, fish are offered to God as the fish are called JALA PUSHPA or water flowers. It is not bad. So what the belief says right is right and what says wrong is wrong.

Whenever Nick thinks about the interest growing on the loans he has taken, he gets angry.

He has taken five more big amounts as loans from mean money lenders. He is getting annoyed and he is crying in his bedroom in a mad voice: “I will kill you…I will kill you…”

Nick’s wife carol Gracias is afraid of this voice thinking that his husband is becoming a killer. He visits his bed room to see that Nick is in sleep and crying. She asks him after he woke up.

“Who is he you are killing in the dream?”

“Interest”

“What interest you have? You are not interested in anything, except taking loans to meet the expenses.”

“Carol, you know I am doing all this for the family. Taking loans for the family is not bad.”

“Taking loans and paying unbearable interests will make people buried in more woes. This interest in loans is bad.”

“Everybody knows this. But what makes a common man interested in this, you know well. Needs are endless. Controlling needs is not a joke. We cannot live like a caveman or stone man.”

“You are good at talk of no use. Where it needs is what we have to think to improve our income sources.”

Carol laughed with a pain. Nick could not kill the interest on loans, so he is killing it every day in the dreams.

One day Carol purchased a lottery ticket. Who knows how the fortunes come. For some people fortune comes by the lottery ticket also. We don’t believe that lottery tickets bring fortune.

Carol also is the same type. But her neighboring woman jasmine purchases every month many lottery tickets spending her fortunes, but her fortune of lottery tickets did not smile. One day she asked carol to come with her to help purchasing lottery tickets. Carol went with her. Jasmine purchased fifty tickets and asked carol to take at least one for her.

“I have no money.” Carol said.

“Don’t worry. I will give you for one ticket.” Jasmine said.

“It will not be mine. I don’t believe in fortune with your money. You are taking these tickets for years, but not a single ticket helped your fortune to smile. You are losing and losing.”

“I know. Take one now. Give the small amount when you have. I promise you, I don’t ask you a share if your ticket wins. Believe me.” Jasmine said with a smile.

Carol also smiled and purchased a ticket with the money of jasmine, which she has returned as soon as she returned home.

Now Nick is rich. They got ten millions.

Carol knows that Jasmine had lost at least half a million dollars in the lottery. She gave two millions to Jasmine.

“I told you I don’t ask any share if you win.”

“Jasmine I know that. May be, just you said that, I won.” Carol smiled with a smile.

“You naughty, why you think to give me this money?”

“Jasmine, I know that lotteries may make someone rich. But many people are losing. You are at a loss of nearly half a million dollars in your life. So I want to see that my friend who helped me have this fortune should not remain at loss. ”

“Thank you for your good heart.” Jasmine said.

In few months of getting happy life by this fortune, Carol came to know the bitter fact. Nick turned wicked. He turned a bootlegger. He is lending money and drinking blood of the poor.

Carol is at the state of thinking as if Nick is saying ” I will kill you..I will kill you” by strangling her.

_THE END_

