Social Short Story – The scholars who forget basics.

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the year 2040, and there is a lot of craze for the trending new technologies. Especially in the matter of security there were two scientists named Walter White and Albert Edison, who were best friends to be known by everyone. But they were very competent too. They invented new safes for security of precious things and presented to wide range of audience across the world and sold them for great profits.

There were another pair of 2 in the country India, Vipul and Prakash who were the best known lawyers in the national and international levels. Their names were very often heard in the matter of complicated cases which almost seemed impossible to be solved. They almost won every case they undertook. They had their teacher Mohandas who was the root cause for their successful career.

Though Mohandas had such talented students in mastering the art of law, he had a trouble which seemed to unsolved. Vipul and Prakash were like deadly enemies to each other. Both of them had a naked ambition of becoming the greatest lawyer. Vipul wished to have a higher rank than Prakash and so did Prakash. But they were on equal status. To succeed in there mission they had to get a post of Senior Lawyer which they haven’t gained yet.The master was worried about the attitude of Vipul and Prakash towards each other.

One fine day both Vipul and Prakash came to their master to get the signature on the certificate for the promotion of to the Senior Lawyer. Vipul asked the teacher “Master please approve me for the post of the Senior Lawyer and do not consider Prakash for this particular promotion. I want to be a more successful lawyer than Prakash.” Prakash understood the plan of Vipul and said “Don’t you get shame for cheating. According to section 420/840 cheating is a biggest crime committed by a person in the country. You have no right of becoming a lawyer at all.” This conversation led to a big fight.

“Stop you two!” shouted the master.”There is a case to be solved and if any one of you two can solve may get the promotion and get the higher qualified course of the law” announced Mohandas. The scientists White and Edison entered the scene. Mohandas said the scientists to explain the story. White started “Around 2 years ago I had invented a new security device ‘Hcl safe’. We must keep the precious thing in the safe and pour concentrated Hydro chloric acid and then a layer will be formed around the thing which we kept in it and it will be protected. I had to go for a business trip to Germany and I had my earnings worth $150000 to be hidden. So I kept my money in the Hcl safe and handed over to Edison to take care of it till I return. But after I had returned after 1 year  and took back my safe I was shocked to see only the solution of Hcl and not my money. When I asked about it to him he is acting as if he dosen’t knows anything and he is not accepting that is has robbed my money. I have a proof that he recently invented the key for opening any type of  security device. Please do justice to me”.

Edison argued ” It’s true that I have invented the key but how can you blame me. I just kept the safe you gave to me and that’s all know. Without any strong proof that I only robbed how can you doubt on me. You just gave it and I just took care of it”.

Vipul came front to solve this case. He took this case casually and thought he could solve it in seconds but when he understood the whole  situation he couldn’t find any strong hints about the culprit. He used many complicated steps he was taught by his master but all in vain. After trying a lot he accepted his failure. It was Prakash’s turn and he too faced the same result as that as Vipul. Though he tried to understand the situation in many different ways he could not understand whom to believe . He too accepted his failure.

Mohandas got shocked at a moment and then understood the reason of the failure of these two. He asked  his group of students if any one could solve this so called difficult case by Vipul and Prakash. Suddenly a student named Kailash came forward to solve the case. He saw the Hcl safe and the Hcl solution in the safe. He thought for a while and then said to White “How much time completed after you poured the Hcl solution in the safe?”. White quickly said that the solution is 1 year old after pouring it into the safe and it was fresh before as then only he had prepared that solution. Kailash ordered the servants to call a nearby chemist. After the arrival of the chemist Kailash asked him to check how old is the Hcl solution. The chemist examined the solution and said that it was fresh and is around 1 year old. Quickly Kailash exclaimed “Aha caught the thief, Edison had replaced the old Hcl solution by opening the safe with his invention and took the money. He added fresh Hcl for not leaving any proof of the theft”

Edison said”What nonsense are you speaking it may be a robbery by any thief gang.”

Kailash answered ” No chance because there are your fingerprints on the safe and there is no way of robbery as your house is highly secure.” Edison had no words in his defence and accepted his mistake and begged White for not being punished. Being a kind hearted person White forgived him and asked him to return his money afterwards.

Vipul and Prakash were shocked and asked Kailash how he managed to solve such a difficult case. Kailash said “Have you forgotten what our master said in the basics of the learning? We must carefully examine the initial data or the details about the case and find whether the details are true or not, and the second step is to critically examine what might had happened. It’s so simple”

The Master quickly congratulated Kailash and exclaimed “Today Kailash had proved that he is better in solving the problems than Vipul and Prakash. These two were the scholars who mastered the art of law and justice, who forgot the basics of their study and you two have come for a higher education and qualification of the Senior Lawyer! In the greed of being superior than each other and in the greed of wanting more you forgot what was your stepping stone to this status. This the problem in today’s students, they want to know more than others being imperfect in what they have. Change from now on and please do not compete for a thing which is worthless to you though you are worth of. Success will come one day or other.”

Vipul and Prakash realized their mistake and apologized to the master and promised never to repeat this ridiculous incident ever again.

This is a happy ending leading Vipul and Prakash to become friends again

–END–

 

 

