Social Short Story – Incredible India

Photo credit: 

 from 

(

: All incidents and characters depicted in this story are fictitious. Sole purpose of this story is entertainment)

The Website Displays……….

This is my first visit to India and I was too excited like other Tourists to view India. From the Last month I had looked on the internet ….. almost all of India ….get every place to read and well understood.I gathered all the Knowledge about different religions, languages, persons of different states and saved it over my Laptop.My name is Alic Gristan  and I was an American. I am 25 years old, was a graduate and came here on a 10-day tour during my summer vacations . I like walking alone because I could not enjoy my tour in group So I was taken a room separately in a hotel. Nine days until I was wandering around the entire North India and now wanted to bathe in the Ganges at Haridwar on the last day .So I decided to stay in Haridwar last tenth day.I Got up early in the morning and went to the bathing ghats of the Ganges.There was much peace but there was such a mess around that I felt that perhaps it  might be the worst experience of my tenth day  and it  has proved very soon too.

After breakfast I went to Rishikesh . I stood there near Ramjhulaa and was buying stuff from shops around. I too have purchased many hats, beads, goggles  for my friends. Suddenly, a ten year old boy came near to me and Prayed for me to buy a book. When I saw the book ,I noticed the words that were written on it – “Incredible India”. I bought it thinking that whenever I miss India I will pass a smile after seeing that Book. It was written in the book that whenever any Tourist came Here then Welcome them with Open Hearts, never try to cheat and misbehave with them, keep your monuments clean and Hygenic. Toursits are like God so always ready to Help them.I was deeply overwhelmed with the Indian Thoughts.

I was just reading the book ,suddenly a monkey came down from a nearby tree and He snatched the book from my hand and took my bag. I kept looking dazedly because all my belongings were in that bag. I stood helplessly and thought that No one can do anything if the snatcher was an animal. I turned back empty handed ….suddenly a man came near to me and asked whether you want to get your belongings back? I nodded my head affirmatively. Now this time He demanded rupees one thousand for the same. I have no other option left with so I agreed to pay but only when I got my bag back as my money was in the bag.

He blew a whistle with one hand and called down to monkey from the tree. Monkey toss the bag down . I lifted the bag and gave him money. Then I heard the voice of the people that it has become good business now a days to deceive the Tourists in such a manner. I was shocked to hear and began to move as I was duped.

Suddenly a shrilled voice came from behind,” Yours Book. Take it too.”

I took the book from his hand and murmured……..Incredible India………Here everything is sold!!

