Social Short Story – The Death of the Unborn

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a routine day of sunny hot May. I Could not sleep last night..

My grandfather was continuously nagging me through the hot night through the smile on his face I asked him to recollect my name & all he did was just smiled..

He died in 2009 by a serious disease called MND which has no cure as on date..

Seeing him in my dreams suddenly rang the bell that something wrong.. something unwanted would happen..

First thing in the morning was to call every known person on this earth to make sure that they are fine…Was a relief that nothing happened… The sense of my known ones being safe overruled the fear of loosing someone I knew & then the news came … my colleague died in the early morning hours of 26

 May’15.. how can this happen…

I saw her yesterday in office… she was healthy & not smiling as always… the baby inside her was racing through time to see the world & tell her mom to smile sometimes…I did not knew her… she was just another person sitting next to my desk & doing nothing which meant to me…

But I could see the baby bump bulging out of her stomach, her slow walks & he desire to be a mother..7 months of hard caring & buckets full of medicines all gone away in seconds of her fall from the staircase..

She went for a walk on a roof top to enjoy the sun before the heat starts giving pain to the baby…Sounds odd… why would a pregnant lady walk 3 storey to walk.. But it does not change the fact that she is no more…

She slipped & then it was gone… nothing a complete silence in all the pains & cries. The baby was so happy to feel the warmth of sun & mother’s hand.. and then suddenly it was cold…The coldness of death stuck the baby & even before the breath could reach lungs there was death waiting to greet the unborn.

The death of unborn.. the baby was no more… it will never be born… all the years of efforts, all the pains of 7 months , all the gifts bought for the unborn… all are dead…

The death did not take only 1 person it took lives of all the toys & gifts which will never see the day of light…The death of unborn brought the death of everyone around the unborn…

May the unborn be born again in light till eternity.

__END__

