Short Story Social Issue – Development,What for?

Photo credit: 

 from 

As I sit by my window in my 2 BHK flat to look at the sky and ease my heart with his continuous calmness to stay blue for years, I end up looking at the kids playing no hockey but sticks and wheel. I see huts made up of different material. Muds trying its best to hold those bricks from tearing apart and breaking not huts but hearts. It’s the only place where they reside, where they after their hard labour get comfort and relax.

I feel so pity but at the same time I see happiness in their eyes. Smiles of different colours. That happiness is surely not towards the rough life and rude landlord but happiness to get their kids tummy filled with food atleast twice.

Call it my attraction towards their smiles or call it my way to ease out my heavy heart from the pressure that was the outcome of debit because of my loss.

A day came when my heart felt an ache when I saw them rushing to get their stuffs loaded. A final goodbye to their palace and they were now a history for that place. Hey, wait! Where were they going? Why were they leaving? What’s the matter?

Totally confused I went back to my world. Atleast I got rid from my job of looking at them from 4 till the sun would kiss the horizon to and guess what it was? It was for the booking of shops in an 11 storey mall just behind my small 2 BHK. After a quarter or four months, when I was actually living my days of happiness with a good sum of account balance, their image suddenly flashed in front of my eyes.

My time which I spent looking at their smiles just came back in my mind. I got up just to sit by my window where I had spent my days of heavy heart. The place where I saw them smiling was now a developed place with a huge building of 7 storey standing. No muds but cements were now holding the bricks but some where in the corner I saw few muds still trying hard to hold every pieces of bricks together, but in vain as they are not standing any more but lying on the ground covered with plastics and wastes of different kinds.

__END__

