Social Short Story – A Clockwork Life

Photo credit: 

 from 

A circle.

A loop.

A halo.

The clock on the wall is ticking aloud when the seconds-hand puts forth it’s footsteps while running along the circular path divided by numbers known as hours. The old rusty ceiling fan rotates as its long leaves flap with noise in the air like those restless children who scream while playing merry-go-round in the park. The silence of late night was completely occupied by the rhythmic duet sung by the clock and the fan which continued for hours until it all ended in a finger snap. Everything in the room stood still in the dead drop silence but then I woke up from my sleep when it was sharp 7:05 AM.

Now, the birds on the tree, the vendors on the street, the newspaper boy who cycles every morning and literally everything was back to life including me. I could hardly differentiate between yesterday’s newspaper and today’s newspaper, if today’s newspaper was not dated Monday, 08 March 2010. It’s the same old news everyday unless your city was attacked by the most notorious group of terrorists or if your beloved one dies in an accident.

I went to work as a part of my daily rituals. I have been 22 years in the same office where a lot of changes have taken place like typewriters to computers, fax machines to emails, land phones to cordless phones , new Xerox machines, new furniture, new staffs, new peon except the same old me. When I was back home after work, I lay on my bed that night pondering about all the 22 years I have spent. How was I more or less different from the seconds-hand which had to trace the same circular path everyday by the curse of time and the ceiling fan which is compelled to rotate its leaves by the command of its electric switch?

But they are machines. But am I a machine? Or am I human pretending to be a machine? Fireworks of questions in various colours and sizes kept on exploding in my brain that night until I finally slept. Silence poured back in for a moment. Then the clock and fan started performing the duet. But this time, my deep intuitions suggested that the clock and the fan were indeed murmuring about my boring life in the disguise of rhythmic duet. After all who knows? Many days passed by when my head popped out thousands of insane questions followed by a troubled sleep at night.

Next morning, birds on the tree chirped, vendors in the street opened their sales, the newspaper boy threw in the newspaper and the bed was empty. I was not there in the bedroom or perhaps not even in bathroom or kitchen. Nowhere in the house, could my breath be heard. Meanwhile, the boss of the company receives an email

 

–END–

