Social Short Story – Struggle of middle class man

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rajiv is 30 years old man who belong to middle class family who is very well educated he took many degree as b.com, then MBA, CA etc but what is the meaning of having this degree if I don‘t get any job Rajiv think…..he is so depressed but he knows one day god help him…

 And next day in early morning Rajiv is ready for go in searching of new job and after rooming whole day he went in a multinational company for interview and the boss of the company is impressed and he offer the good post to the Rajiv and also he tell Rajiv to join by tomorrow .Now Rajiv is very happy .

 He is very excited and he expect that his junior to love to work with him respect him and his senior proud on him .but next day when he went to the office his junior taunt put comment on his dress because he is a middle class man and he get a job recently so he can’t afford expensive suit, tie, shoes etc. and his senior always shout on him on the little-little mistake or on his dress.

 He feels so bad and his confidence level also become low he feels alone in office. But he handles himself with self confidence.

 One day boss tell all the office staff about the business meeting and he also tell that it is very important for the growth of our company. And after that boss tell him to met him in his cabin.

 He told Rajiv that you are new in this company you don’t know anything about this meeting. In this meeting almost 5 popular builders are come and we have to impress them otherwise our company suffer a great loss

Next day in meeting boss tell Manish who handle this project to start the presentation. But he told presentation was not ready then Rajiv stand and ask his boss to give permission to start presentation and the boss says yes you can. Then Rajiv starts presentation and all the member of this meeting impresses by the presentation and they sign the contract with his company after that boss say thanks to him and also he get promotion and also boss handover this project to Rajiv.

After this meeting the juniors of the Rajiv start giving respect to him but Manish hates Rajiv because the project which Manish handle now that project is given to Rajiv.

 One day manish do some welter in accounts which is check by Rajiv when boss check the accounts file then he scold Rajiv and give him a last warning and also he cut his 2 months’ salary. Manish feel very happy then one of his partner told him that Rajiv know that you done welter in accounts but he don’t say anything to boss and because of you he suffered a lot and now Manish realize his mistake and he accept his mistake in front of boss .

And after that boss told him that your 2 month salary is no cut and forgive me I have to do investigation but I can’t because of that you suffer. Then Rajiv says its ok sir. Then slowly-slowly because of his hard work he become successful and now his expectation become true his junior give respect to him and his senior have proud on him. And after sometime he opens his own multinational company and his company becomes very famous not in India only but in another country also his company becomes famous.

__END__

