Social Short Story – RED CLUES

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rayan was my best friend I ever had.

I never saw him depressed even at extreme sad situations.

One day when I reached his home, I saw his eyes rolling over tears, shocked and immediately asked what was happened?

“Manu, My father has met with severe accident and appointed in Appolo hospital. Doctor advised to appoint him in ICU and have to do a major heart operation as soon as possible. And that costs almost 2-3 lakhs. I am not able to understand how to get it in this short span of time… “

(he was helpless from me & from his family members)

He went on thinking about it, one fine day when I and Rayan was watching TV news which highlighted about cricket betting’s on coming IPL season5 and so there will be lakhs of crores money exchanges during this season and police had allotted special squad to keep eye on bookies, and betting spots.

On next day morning Rayan bought a gold chain which was gifted by her father and it was only means of money that he had got now. He took me and went to gold shop for some money in exchange for that chain. On some bargaining we got 10,000/- only.

“Rayan what you are going to do now.. your father medication needs lakhs of rupees..!!”

“I am going to risk my total life on basis of luck. I have left with no option now …just DO or DIE.”

We took bus and then walked a mile then reached the place where all types of cricket betting’s and similar kind of activities takes place.

It was a small den full of trees surrounded by it, so that no one can find that hidden place. We somehow managed to get inside it only after a long walk into bushes and thrones. Inside the room was filled with full of cigarette smoke smelling like heaven of alcohol liquors. There was a group of people standing at a big table, who are ready to bet on today’s IPL first match.

A man was sitting beside the table will deals with money and its terms to bet. He was a stout person with six feet height looks like a heavy body builder and so he can have advantage of easy fighting with a people who tries to escape from den without paying money. I think his name was Manish as it was written on every corner of the den.

Rayan had a deep look into all. And, went near that table to pay and test his luck today.

“Manu give me five thousand rupees from that ten we had.”

While he was giving that money to Manish, his hands were shivered like handling a live fish.

“Ten thousand on KKR team” Rayan spoke bitterly

We sat at one table and ordered for rum bottle and joints.

We were eager to see the first match in IPL season between KKR and DD teams. I have seen many cricket matches in my life, but this would be the different from all. When everyone is looking towards for toss Rayan was not at all watching it, thinking deeply about his father.

He Opened rum bottle and filled our glasses.

As we expected KKR won the toss and started the innings. T20 is a short span of cricket with full of enthusiasm and fun hitting sixes and fours.

When we completed half of the bottle, first innings was finished with score of 182. Now Rayan was looking more confident and excited.

After long time he spoke to me “whom do you think the winning team is?”

“Definitely it would be KKR, as it is difficult to chase this target by any team”

“Yes Manu, KKR has the best team ever when compared to all IPL seasons and so I am very percent confident ”

“Ok, let’s watch the second half”

I was managed to arrange rum left in bottle into two equal halves and ordered some more joints. Rayan was watching the match more eagerly than the first innings.

All of a sudden the match turned towards DD team. Three sixes and two fours in same over made them look ahead in match winning. Rayan was almost looking tensed and angry about KKR fielding. The full rum that we all had was kicked out by DD’s batting now.

The match came to a final stage now…

8 runs required in last over. KKR skipper has set all the fielders at exact points to stop the boundaries and singles. I and Rayan were almost at our edges of seats.

First ball was a dot ball; Rayan clapped his hands like hitting boxing bumper.

A DD team batsman was at non-strike end.

Second ball was a single, in fact a very important run at this moment..which bought well set batsmen on strike.

Third ball was four and so 3 runs required in 3 balls.

Next ball was bowled towards leg side, went for a dot ball.

2 balls 3 runs required. All the fielders have come forward in field to avoid short singles.

Finally the match has come to an end in last ball where he hits the ball to square leg for a risky boundary almost.

Rayan was almost fallen down to ground after this terrifying match. I was still watching in to TV hoping for some magic happens like a no-ball or wide.

We immediately left that place and went back home. In our return to home, Rayan didn’t uttered a single word to me it was all silent. I didn’t saw Rayan sobbing even, but deeply thinking of something.

 

Next day evening Rayan came to me with 5000/- left as we lost our bet on match with KKR.

“Manu let’s go. It’s already to betting’s on CSK vs MI match today.”

I was little surprised, as I didn’t expect him to return with a strange decision of continuing his betting’s on cricket. I advised him to save this money and so it can be used for his father’s medication. But, Rayan refused to do so and started off to Betting’s-Den.

“On which team among Csk,Mi are you going to bet for?”

Rayan took deep breath and told CSK.

We paid the rest of 5,000 that had and sat on a couch ordered for beer as usual.

Five minutes there to start the match. All of a sudden Rayan jumped from his couch and went to change his betting team to MI as if someone told. This time he quoted 1:5 ratio to be paid/gain on losing/winning team.

I was shocked with Rayan’s decision.

“Rayan are you insane..we don’t have an enough money to paid back if we lost this match.”

“Yes Manu I know, I am risking this time for more luck to be happened …let’s see what happens.”

I saw a kind of confidence and hope in Rayan’s eyes. But I was still not convinced with his strange decision.

MI won the toss and elected to field first. And this was also a strange decision from Sachin like Rayan’s betting. It was more suspense, tension and fear than the previous days match.

Rayans attitude was totally different today. He was enjoying the each ball of MI bowlers and jumping on couch, but a little fear was there in him too.

First innings was completed, MI restricted CSK to 155 runs. So MI needs 156 to win, which is always difficult to chase on and that too with a three times champion CSK team it’s more difficult.

Rayan and I went out of Betting’s Den to have some cigar so that we can get out of this match mood.

“Rayan what are you expecting to do, in the worst situation today?”

“hmm.. may be a great escape from here. “He said in a sarcastic laugh

“Be ready Manu , Escape is only I can plan for…

There are three men at door side and two men at the gate. We can’t escape from this way. So I have found one secret way at the rear side of building where there will be only one gunman standing and watching.

It’s easy to bluff or fight against him and escapes from here. k Manu, lets go inside half off the MI innings might be completed ”

When we reached inside, Manish was looking strangely on us as if he heard about our escape plan.

MI has completed half of the innings with 93 runs on 1 wicket loss and Tendulkar was on 49*.

It was all time enthusiasm to watch any batsmen on 49’s or 99’s and it would be keener when Sachin is playing. Bowler Ashwin was trying to bowl an offside ball, but Sachin took his time and sweep the bat to boundary.

So match ended up with MI team winning which bought 25,000/- to Rayan.

He is jumping like a frog on couch and shacked the bottle to have shower of beer, as if we really played and won the match.

 

Next day morning we went to hospital and paid 15000/-, to immediately start treatment. But we have to pay remaining money in a week or two.

Rayan spoke with doctor to enquire about his father’s health and stayed in hospital that night & spent time with his father.

Next day evening Rayan came to my house to pick me as usual for Betting’s Den.

“Rayan, how did you changed your decision on betting team yesterday..and why you did so..?”

“I have a lot to tell you regarding this…But not now Manu..”

We entered inside that secret den and as usual there are group of persons standing around Manish.

This time Rayan had decided to pay rest of 10,000 on the tournament winning team, if we can predict exactly, then we will be getting two lakhs in return but, if we predict the wrong one then we have to pay in return 10,000 X how many matches that the team has played before quitting the tournament and some more conditions apply.

“Manu give me your ring and so we can bet on today’s match. And I hope we will get double the money in return..trust me..”

After the yesterday’s match, I was a bit confident on Rayan’s prediction but I don’t know what exactly behind that. I gave him the ring which may worth of 5 – 6 thousands.

Rayan took that ring and gave to Manish “one ish to five bet on RCB”

I was once again shocked and advised Rayan to proceed with default bet case i.e 1:2 , so that we need not pay any money in return even if we lost the match.

But Rayan was refused to listen my words and paid the money.

Manish was looking more strange at us than yesterday. We just ignored him and sat on our favorite spot where we use to sit and ordered for joints and alcohol.

As match is progressing very interestingly with Chris Gayle’s fabulous hitting, we were slowly taking the alcohol glass-by-glass and more enjoying it.

When match is at final innings where the chance of winning is only 50 percent, the whole environment turned up silent but Rayan was alone looking confident among us.

And his prediction was gone right this time also, in a great shocking way.

Manish and I was totally surprised and looking at Rayan.

We left the den with an amount of 20,000 and my ring as well.

 

(THE SCERET BEHIND THE PREDICTIONS)

After that shocking jackpot, we returned back home with lots of sweets to double our happiness.

Rayan was more joyful and looking happier since a couple of weeks after all that tensions and fears.

“Luck was with us Rayan, all your guesses and predictions were coming true…well done”

Rayan took deep breath and sat on his puffy couch and lighting his cigar..

“Actually I am not doing any predictions or guessing’s..

It was all RED CLUES that I am hunting for”

“RED CLUES??”

“Yes Manu, did you ever think of luck.

It will be with us always.. But it has its own way or pattern in facilitating us.”

“pattern ??….”

That moment I doubted if he is drunken and that too without me..

“Rayan are you ok..??”

“I am alright dude..

Just listen to what I am saying now..

A student didn’t write even one answer exactly and surprises to see him passed in above-average grade.

And that’s luck is.. the pattern in this may be The person who is entering the data in to database has wrongly typed or confusion of mark’s sheet score.

Whatever may be the reason behind was, it is a specified way of luck to that student indeed..

So every luck has its own way… chase TO catch use of it.”

His example makes feel me think about it seriously. But it was understood to some extinct only before he clarified it in brief.

“Now take my case, where in my first match I bet on KKR,

Make clear calculations for it and confident enough to won. But it went wrong.

The night when we are searching for betting’s den I have found one flex-board on which GO is written in red color instead of green which we usually found ,but continued to search for den leaving it aside. After going to some distance, I found the same GO red board. I was little shocked, but forget all when reached the den.

The next day on the same way I could not find any boards which were there earlier.

On second day match I was thinking about it actually. While I turned around to watch the match , found an alcohol name Mansion-Imperial(MI-logo name) in red color which will be actually in black blue combinations letters.

So, I want to test this time in the luck way and retold my bet on MI instead of CSK..it worked then.

And in third match it was all easy for me as because one of the IPL team (RCB) has red color as their dress code. So blindly tested my red clue luck pattern, but with more confidence that time. Worked indeed again.

RED COLOR CLUES is my luck way that I have to search for and win the money.”

After this long theory from Rayan, I believed on the luck and its way, but little confused still.

“What about that DC team, you have bet on as a tournament winning..? Any red clue again??”

“Absolutely yes, I found a RED CLUE in the same way”

On evening Rayan and I went to hospital to see his father’s health. He is recovering day by day quickly, and doctor spoke to us about complete recovery in a couple of weeks. That night we stayed in hospital and spent with Rayan’s father. We spoke to him about our managing of all the money needed to the operation, but not told about cricket betting’s.

For some relaxation we went on shopping for new dresses and ate our favorite KFC chicken. Rayan changed his hair and dressing style, suddenly looking like a Hollywood hero. We spent the money like we ever had.

It’s time to Betting Den for one more match, in fact its ‘chasing CLUES’ in Rayan’s theory.

I and Rayan went on late evening after borrowing a bike. It was all dark around. I love riding bikes so Rayan sat behind me and I hope he might be waiting for RED CLUES or whatever he calls.

We reached the den in no time as I rode like a jet. As we entered in there were more people today as it is more interesting match between KKR(ganguly) vs CSK(dhoni) just like India vs Pakistan.

So, I was observing Rayan indeed to know on which team he is going to bet now.

We sat as usual and ordered a costliest beverage that we never had.

“Rayan, what’s your betting team today and in which way you got the clue..?

I am very much interesting to hear from you..”

“ohh noo…I didn’t find anything yet today”

“notttt yetttt what are you talking it’s only 5 min left to close the bet..go and bet on any team you hope for”

“It’s still 300 seconds left right..??

So a lot can happen at any time and I may get a red clue.”

“Stop the nonsense Rayan..your stupid red CLUES..!!! ”

After a silence of one minute, Rayan spoke

“Yes…I got it…yes”

He immediately ran towards Manish to make the bet.

“one ish to five…ten thousand on Suresh Raina..”

So in return we may get 25,000.

“Thank god payed in time…how you decided Rayan..?”

“While you were yelling at me I heard a man behind you shouting a name Suresh., and he wore the red shirt as he wears black on every day I saw him..”

I was little convinced, but can’t believe until we end up taking some money back today.

It was CSK who won the toss and elected to bat first. Both openers are lost at initial innings of the match. But there comes the captain and followed by Suresh Raina with blasting half century led CSK to a big total.

As we already got the betting score back, but we are more eager on watching who among csk,kkr is going to win.

In response KKR has defended the csk at initial innings but at end its CSK look dominated the match.

It was ten runs needed in just 3balls.

It was Watson bowling the last over and the skipper Ganguly batting on other end.

A short ball makes easy six to offside; of course it was the favorite shot of Ganguly.

So two balls 4 runs to win somehow looking easy now. I could say that this match was the perfect example of how a match turns suddenly in a T20 format of games.

Second ball was slicked edge from bat almost missed the stumps and a single bought Uthapa on strike.

One ball 3 to win, of course KKR fans might at least be looking for 2 runs. Anything can happen at this moment now.. a no ball or a free hit or a super over.

A Yorker straight into the black hole made Uthapa tied his hands and it was wicket to Watson.

Dhoni’s luck and his game plan bought the victory once again.

 

Finally Rayan got the money to meet his father’s operation.

So Rayan thought of quitting from that cricket betting’s.

We went to Betting’s Den for withdrawing from the bet on DC team.

As our tournament betting team (Deccan Chargers) reached semi’s round there is a chance of quitting from bet and in return we got one lakh.

The shocking news was that the DC team has lost in finals. We might need to pay almost five lakhs if didn’t quitted from the bet at semis stage.

All the problems were solved now, but only one thing I didn’t understand was,

Is Rayan’s theory of luck pattern was real…? Is really that ‘RED CLUES’ help him to bet on the exact winning teams…? If REDCLUES is really true, then why that tournament prediction CLUE went wrong?

Of course we are safe now, in withdrawing that bet.

But whenever I ask Rayan about this question he will just reply as ‘It’s my luck..’ and will not accept my point of refusing the so called RED CLUES………………………

__END__

