Delhi is really lightened tonight. Everywhere there is celebration of Diwali with twinkling of lights from one end to other end of the sky. The joy is more superlative for someone like Mr. Nitin Sardesai who is celebrating his 3rd marriage anniversary in a booked top restaurant of the metro. The newly presented diamond ring is much enough to bring smile on his wife’s three-year old face. He has promised her today to spent the whole night at restaurant and to move for a resort next day. The official privilege leave of three days will be enough for them.

The music of the Diwali outside and the music of the restaurant inside has overshadowed the sound of cell phone which was ringing in Nitin’s pocket since last half an hour. Fifteen minutes later his wife noticed the disturbance and asked him switch off the cell phone.

Like a loyal husband he just put his right hand inside his pocket and made that disturbing element off without noticing the disturbing factor.

They enjoyed the night and in the very morning moved to a resort. The cell phone was still lying like a charged dead machine. Like a blinking of eyes two another days passed. We all know how beautiful days of our life move faster.

Now this is time for Nitin to go back to his work, but much irritating for him as he need to rush to his sick mother on the way to his office. At least ten minutes will be enough for his mother who has left seventeen missed call on the Diwali night and a message of his sickness.

He parked his car at a distance from his mother’s Old brick house and went inside speedily as he need to be at office on time.

“Oh!mother why are you not cleaning your house everyday,the smell here is killing me.” Nitin shouted while moving inside mother’s living room but got shocked in the next movement when he discovered that the smell was coming from his mother’s charge less dead body. She was no more but left him with just seventeen missed call. Nitin found his tears are reflecting his seventy years old mother’s face who just was not a mother but was also given him the  care of a father too.

–END–

