Social Short Story – INSANITY

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Lets see a life of a girl, a girl too young to be polluted, to understand about the norms of life, to differentiate between right and wrong good or bad but  she can here, hear and understand every word going around spoken to her, to others, everything every word. People says the young age memories fade away easily but how, we still remember the alphabets and numbers we learn at 

. Stars twinkle quite high but they leave a good impression on us at that age only, so, when she was forced to listen the abuses which her parents exchanged, how can she forget them easily, how she can ignore the cries of two people she loved the most, hating each other the most in the heat of the moment, of course after a days or two they forgot that they ever had a fight, sipping tea in the back yard like nothing have happened and which couple remember especially in the 

 but out of no where she did she tried to recall and get reason, tried to judge whose right whose wrong but she failed miserably at that. She dare not ask any thing to any one, she was too afraid for that, to scared to be embarrassed, to scared to be shamed, but time passed then came the new music though the beats were same the lyrics were different.

This time she tried to stop them but was rewarded with a slap,hard enough to leave bruises not only at her innocent pink cheek but also at her innocent and pure heart which wanted completely nothing at that time. The tears were like rain drops full with clouds at first but as the time went on this took place of tornado and completely settle there.  She was left to wander what was her fault but did never voice her thoughts nor anytime got the answer.

When she grew a bit more she stop giving a damn or at the least pretended she does not care. Her silent sobs were for none to listen. She declared for others she love none but that decision remain for a week, for a weak decisive girl this was the most she could do and then the second part was played. So many dreams for her she was enrolled in so many activities just to fulfill their own dreams she was happy with this,so as much as she could stay away it never bothered.

But the thing was nobody cared, she never wanted a praise or may be she did but more then that she wanted to show them, she wanted them to care or at least give her a bit of attention and for this carve for attention she changed, not her self but the teachers. She urged to change change and change and every time a new teacher came but our lovely parents doesn’t show much concern and after a while the sarcasm never leave the way. Sarcasms for how pathetic and incompetent she is.

The girl was OK in looks but a bit fat, oh, so many taunts she got for this. she was over, finish her liability of listening was over. But still her tormentors doesn’t left her side it was too much of the punishment that she could bare but they kept on and on and on showering their love in form of this sarcasm, taunts remarks and comments. Many a times she was broken and many a times she was mended all by her own self, but the love of words they shower had the sting of five hundred dagger all together. She was going insane she knew but the most she could do was not to do a thing many a time she felt like using dagger on her self to lessen the sting of one which her parents did but was too scared of the consequences of the marks and questions if she get out of it alive.

Then she taught of running away a news of rape one after the other was lined up against her 

as if she was safe

. She choose to loose sanity as it was much better to loose modesty. all she was left with her self and her tormentors but soon the faithful day arrive which was ought to come, this time she didn’t put up a fight instead started laughing laughing and crying both at the same time she used to keep open her hair with a hairband on top but this time she threw it high and hair band said bye as it was crushed between the blades of fan.

This time she didn’t stop with any excuse or threat she shout and pour her heart out which was awarded with a slap just one as her torture had always been mental not physical so this one was new. She closed the door and set the tears out and switched the lights off after a while when door was open she was dancing singing and ruffling her own hairs, next time she was stuck with her soft toys surrounding her she was eager to listen to them oh teddy bears then 

 came, came to talk the problem out and rewarded her with more sarcasms and taunts of life, telling her how she was creating a scean, how maid will go out and this news will spread in other house holds, how respected her family was and how she was wrong once and was wrong every time.

BUT STILL WE DON’T KNOW WHO WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS WHO DROVE HER TO INSANITY????

__END__

