indian-autorickshaw

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Once Swapnil was returning from office. So he reached one place from where he needed to travel by auto to his home. It was mid summer and everyone was literally sweating. Everyone was in expectation of rain and some air. But in vain. The only way to get air still, was to get up in any vehicle and grab a window side seat there, so that some air smooches the person and the person in turn gets some relief from the extreme heat, as the vehicle moves.

Swapnil just stood behind the queue and started thinking that some other day could have been a different story, he could have well sacrificed his window seat to anyone, if he would have got one luckily. But that day, no way is he going to do that as the speciality or in extra that day was his extreme fatigue due to some extra pressure in the office. He thought that may be somebody else as well might be in same condition, but as other days he still sacrifices, let that day somebody else sacrifice for him. He was even ready to leave other peoples behind him in the queue move and have the auto before him, but anyhow he would have one window side seat.

It was a big queue and Swapnil somehow managed to count the number of peoples before him. Accordingly he was able to calculate as well in which auto he would be able to get one seat and that too which seat. He found he would be getting a middle seat and the man just behind him was likely to get the last one (the window seat). The person before him would also get one window seat as 3 persons seat at back of auto and a couple in front along with the driver at his two sides. But since the one before him was a lady, and smelling some bit of a quarrel here in this topic, Swapnil avoided requesting her to get involved and ending up in the quarrel ultimately with a lady.

He saw he still needed to stand some around 15 mins more in the queue before getting one auto and in this time he needed to make the person standing behind him sacrifice his seat for Swapnil. Swapnil knew very well that requesting in simple words would not be easy to get what he wants, as all were similarly suffering from the extreme heat like him and wants to get some air coming to him. He knew that most commonly the person on requesting would give excuse of getting down earlier when he might not or might not even listen where Swapnil would get down and grab the window seat. He could give any other lame excuses. So Swapnil thought, that he needed to do such a thing that the person becomes tired of his action and hopelessly give him the seat. Also to mention, he found the man standing behind him would get the left window side seat.

Swapnil turned to the person standing behind him and started telling:

 “Sir could you tell, when we get into an auto, how much percentage chance remains that it would meet with an accident?”

The man: “O nowadays these drivers drive so rough that we could even meet with an accident at a frequency of 60%. But why are you asking me?”

Swapnil: “No just like that. So how much is then the percentage of our auto getting a clash at its side rather than headon?”

Man: “O yes the way they try to overtake, in that the chances I must say are quite high there as well. Say around 70%. But why are you asking me?”

Swapnil: “Nothing, but what I am thinking is how much is then chance to get a clash from its right side?”

Man: “That then again would be 50 – 50. But why me?”

Swapnil: “Sir just like that, so if from right so how much is chance for it to turn towards left?”

Man: “Logically that would carry more percentage some around 70%. But why me boss? Now stop, its so hot out here. Not feeling like talking also now”

Swapnil: “No just a regular questionnaire. So if it turns towards left, how much is chance for it to fall left sidewise rather than getting toppled over?”

Man: “Alas!! What a problem here!!! some around 80%. Please these symbolises bad before travel. Please stop.”

Swapnil: “Yes, now comes the actual thing. So how much could be the chance for you, say sitting at left most to get stuck below the auto rather than falling far away?”

Man: “My God!! Yes correct. I havent thought about this. Chances would be around 90%.”

Swapnil: “How much would be the percentage of other peoples at your right side falling on you?”

Man: “O my o my!! Some around another 90%.”

Swapnil: “And what is avg weight of each person would be sitting at your right?”

Man: “May be around 70 Kgs.”

Swapnil: “A couple at your right, so 140 kgs falling on you, and they stepping over you and getting out of the auto and you remaining blooded, smashed below the auto till its lifted up once again. So altoghether in avg when you are getting up in an auto and grabbing the left window seat, you have 70% chance which is much greater than a even 50 – 50 chance for you to die than grabbing a middle seat as again the right window side seat would have same chances, I am afraid.”

By this time they reached to get inside an auto and as Swapnil was about to get inside and grab the middle seat, the man behind him just stopped him, got up inside, grabbed the middle seat and allowed Swapnil to grab the left window seat.

__END__

