Social Story – The Game of Job

Photo credit: 

 from 

On successful completion of MBA, Rahul got the 72% pass certificate and went to home to show the results to his parents. His parents were happy and congratulated him for the good percentage. Rahul’s aim was to do a high level Job as a Managing Director to earn good pay and perks. He wants to own a car and maintain like a high profile person. He was bored by using the old cell phone. So, he asked his father for a new cell phone. At first father denied for purchasing it, but he argued and demanded Rs 30,000.00 for the new cell phone. At last his father gave the money and permitted him to purchase.

Rahul took the money and was very happy. He contacted to his friends and enquired about the best cell phones in the market. After taking the suggestions, he roamed total one day to do the market survey to see the best phone which suits him. He enquired about all features of cell phone like internal memory, camera megapixels and battery backup. After successful enquiry he purchased the cell phone of Rs 30,000.00 with all accessories needed for the phone. From the next day he was busy in operating cell phone and was not trying for the job trials.

His father waited for a week and then he got angry on rahul’s behavior. He ordered rahul to first think about the job settlement. He gave a cut-out advertisement of walk-in interview for a sales- officer job. Rahul got ready for the interview. He attended all rounds of interview and came back to home. In the evening father asked him about the results. He replied that they will call within one week if he got selected. Again he took the phone and started downloading new apps and new games for the mobile phone. After one week there was no reply from the company. So, his father gave another advertisement cut out for the walk-in interview.

Rahul went to attend the interview and there also he was not leaving his phone in the free time. He was chatting and played the games .After the interview, the interviewer said that he was not selected. So, he got disappointed and went back to home. He then said to his father that he was not selected. Again after one week, his father saw him that he was busy in his cell phone. This time he got very angry and ordered rahul to concentrate more on finding a job. His father again gave a cut-out advertisement of vacancy regarding the sales executive. But rahul refused to go as he was not interested in doing small jobs, and said that his aim is to do a high profile job. His father got angry and ordered to attend the interview.

Rahul attended the interview and came back disappointingly, because he was not selected. He reached his home and found that his father was not present in home. So he took off his phone and downloaded a new game. The new game has three levels to win. He read the instructions and played the first level very easily and moved to second level. In the second level, he tried two times and crossed the level. Then he moved to third level. In the third level, first he tried but he failed to cross, he tried again but failed. Again he tried his best level but failed. He tried the fourth time but failed. At fifth time he was about to complete the level but time was over. He got more interested to play again, but this time he again got failed. He tried seventh time, eighth time and ninth time but he failed to cross the level. At last he tried with a strong will power and this time he won in the game. He was amazed, stood up and turned around in happiness. Suddenly he was shocked to see that his father was standing behind him when he was playing the game.

His father asked him about the interview result. Rahul replied that he has not got selected and was not interested in doing small jobs. He said that his aim was to do high level job but at present he was fed up with the interviews and wants to take rest.

His father got angered and replied:-

“Till now, I have informed about the job vacancy for walk-ins and you just attended it. But try to do your home work to get the best job, just as you have done the market survey for total one day to get the best cell phone. You have enquired about the phone with your friends. You have enquired about all its features before you bought it. But have you enquired about the company which you were going to attend the interview.

Have you enquired about your job role? Have you search about the company in the internet? You have downloaded new apps and new games, but have you ever tried to improve interview skills. Try with a strong will power and then see you will definitely get a Job”.

Rahul was just silent and was listening to his father.

His father also said that as you are not interested in doing the small jobs. But to go to the third level in game you have to pass the first level also. In third level you have tried 10 times to won the game but in interviews you are fed up in three trials only.

Rahul understood and decided to find a job with more will power. He himself enquired about the jobs and saw the vacancy advertisement in news papers and applied with full confidence. He updated his resume and developed the interview skills. He enquired about the company which he was going to attend the interview and also about the job role and responsibilities from the other staff. He attended the interview and cleared all the rounds. He came back to his home and then started to work on his skills development and updated the knowledge. Within two days he got a call from the recruiter that he was selected as a sales-officer in their esteemed organization. He and his parents were very happy.

Rahul took a challenge that he will cross all these positions quickly by working hard and one day he will become a managing director and own a car. And then I will win the job game.

__END__

