Social Short Story – The Punjabi Cousins!

Photo credit: 

 from 

I dedicate this story to  my two wonderful directors of the company .

My current employers dared to dream big & started their own company in 2007 with all what they have earned till 2007. Today they own a big organization in United Kingdom & yes I am proud enough to announce this that I am a part of this organization since 2008 as I had seen this company right from taking those  baby steps till it learn to start running..

Let me introduce my employers Mr.K & Mr.V (Punjabi cousins) to all of you. Mr.K is 3 years younger to me & Mr.V share the year of birth with me. I would be indebted to them for whole of my life for certain reasons. In 2008 when whole world (including me as I lost my flourishing job to it) was going through the severe phase of depression  suddenly one very fine day I received a call from Mr.V (who was then in India ) &  he discussed the vacancy available with them . Though I was not comfortable with the idea of appearing for an interview for a start-up company owned by NRI’s but still I thought of giving it a shot as the education industry was totally different for me & had a challenging appeal.

I went to meet Mr.V & yes I would be lying here if I say that I was happy after meeting him. I got disappointed after I saw that match box size office . Or rather I would say that my world came crashing down but still an unknown force inside me kept pushing me to think about it constantly and & actually forced me take this job. In second & last meeting I had a telephonic discussion with Mr.K (who was then in UK) . A day after that meeting I again got a call from Mr.V & he told me that they have hired me for the job.

I joined them in April 2008 . The first lesson I got to learn was how to work on laptop. And here I must mention the name of my ex-colleague Ms.Sharma who made me learn to run a laptop. The first few months were actually difficult for me as I was not comfortable at all dealing with students,their parents , handling their queries & blah blah .

In fact I found it too frustrating that I decided to quit them in October,2008.  But all thanks to that almighty god who didn’t let me leave them. In Jan 2009 we shifted to a bigger office & something good happened to me. I felt like that if I was ready to take on the world. In fact I must say that there was no looking back after that.We hired  two-three more staff members & things took a sharp & positive turn. Now we were not crawling any more . We were walking & running.

I always had the freedom to work in my style without any interference from Mr.K & Mr.V . Luckily I still enjoy that freedom . I was dealing with students & their parents more confidently & with a more positive attitude. I had answers for all their queries & issues . I wont be exaggerating in saying that for various University officials I was the second face of the company after my employers.  I was attending conferences & seminars. I was doing networking,making contacts etc & all these things never made them insecure or angry. The best part is I have never been asked to do the business with  a fake name & that helped me to keep the original me.

In fact I feel that I am the luckiest person on this earth to have them as my employers because they made me realized that what all hidden talent I had in me .They instilled a fresh air of confidence & positive attitude in me which I had lost in starting months of 2008 when I lost my previous job. They always treat me as a part of their family & give me the desired respect & space.

In Dec 2009 Mr.K & Mr.V overtook a reasonable size education institution in United Kingdom & as I said I am lucky because now I am the part of this UK-based institution being owned by them. In fact we are extending the business now to other countries as well.

All I want to say is a big THANKS to both of them in helping me to rediscover myself .

__END__

