The year is 2020. Everything is different. Andrew Anderson woke up one morning to lots of gun shots outside. The walls and pictures were shaking. He was scared to get out of bed. He had talked to himself about this happening but he never thought it would actually happen. ISIS has entered the United States. Andrew lives in a rural town town in Indiana. There is nothing special about it.

After laying in bed for near an hour, he decides to get up and check on his mother. His father passed away when he was young so it has just been him and his mom. He knocks on her door but hears no response. He knocks again and again until he is practically beating on the door and still, no response. He busts the door down to see his mother isn’t in her room. He goes into panic screaming her name and searching the whole house. After screaming and searching for what seemed like hours, Andrew sits on the couch and flips on the television.

The First thing he hears is “Everyone hide and do not go outside.” Andrew goes into his mothers closet to grab as many guns and ammunition he can hold. He grabs his hammock, some string, and his knife. He dresses in all camouflage and heads out the door.

Andrew was a Boy Scout until the age of 16 so he knows how to survive in the wilderness and live off of his surroundings. Andrew decides to set up a place to stay, high in the trees. He starts breaking branches and cutting down small trees. He finds four trees that are nearly 8 foot apart approximately 20 foot in the air. He does not want anyone to find him or seem him on the ground so high up is his best option. He starts using his string to tie the logs and branches to the trees to get a firm foundation. He starts to search for more trees to cut down to use as the floor. He finally gathers enough things to have a small place to stay in the trees. He sits his guns on the floor and set his hammock up and decides to rest.

Andrew was asleep for longer than he expected and was awaken by the sound of the tanks and screams of foreign soldiers. He quickly starts to panic thinking that he might be found and they might try to kill him. He has plenty enough camouflage on his fort and his body that there is little chance of spotting him but he still panics.

The ISIS soldiers are setting up camp about 100 yards from him and he has a clear, birds eye view of them. As they start to make a fire and start drinking, he sees this as a perfect time to do some eavesdropping. When he starts to climb down a tree, two soldiers are heading his way. He stops climbing in hope that they don’t see him. The soldiers stop and are looking around. They sit down and start talking and still drinking. When they are almost pass out drunk he grabs his knife and acts on impulse. He slides the rest of the way down and kills them both before they have time to even know what happened.

He takes off their uniforms and takes their radios. He hides the bodies and climbs back of to his fort. He uses some binoculars to see what the troops are doing at their camp and decides they are all too drunk to expect an 18 year old boy to harm them. He puts on one of the troopers uniforms and heads their direction. When he approaches them he acts drunk so no one would think anything of him. He decides to wait until all 15 or so troops go to sleep then he will make his move. Once the soldiers go to sleep around midnight, he kills them off one by one and storing all the bodies in a tank nearby. He then sees 4 bodies heading his direction, still in isis uniform, he does not know what to expect. They bodies aim guns at him and yell for him to get on the ground.

When he gets down he realizes they are talking in English. He says “Wait! Stop! I’m an American” The four drop their guns from aiming at him and as why he is wearing a uniform and he explains to them what he has done. The four talk for 10 or so minutes and he tells them he has set somewhere to stay high up in the trees. The five of them all head back towards the woods and begin building a bigger place in the trees. After 2 or so hours they have a big enough place built to hold 10 people. They sit back and talk until they all fall asleep.

When they wake up, several soldier carrier vehicles are surrounded the isis camp. Everyone starts to panic and they decide to aim the hunting rifles they are all carrying. There are 10 isis soldiers and only five of them so they need to shoot fast enough so their position is not compromised. The all aim at one person and fire a shot then another shot. Within 5 seconds, 10 soldiers are dropped dead. They gather all the supplies and head back to their camp and rummage through the things they brought back. One of the people that is with him is able to communicate with the isis soldiers over radio. He tried to sound as if he too is a isis soldier and tried to convince the commander that the United States soldiers are heading their direction and they need to get out of the town before they are all killed or captured and thrown in prison.

The commander quickly starts to worry and asking questions. He agrees and says they have already killed off 20-30 soldiers.The commander is scared for his safety. He quickly sends out an emergency signal to all of his soldiers to throw away their uniforms or commit suicide. They soldiers are drawn out of the small town all because one young man wanted to keep his town safe. The Marines quickly arrive and ask who was in charge of killing off the isis soldiers and Andrew is hesitant but raises his hand. The colonel says he is great full for his act of bravery. He insists that Andrew come with him to the White House and get nationally recognized.

By the next morning, Andrew is at the White House receiving a Medal of Honor for his acts of bravery. Andrew is now a national hero.

–END–

