Social Short Story – MEANING OF LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

One day someone said to me many days ago , ” This life you are living has a greater meaning. Don’t ever waste it. ” But I never understood why would he say this to me. I don’t even remember who was that person who said this to me. So I started researching on the words he said to me. I searched every book related to life and tried to find out its meaning but I didn’t get its answer. Then I decided to visit my teacher who taught me lessons since 5th class. I asked him what is the meaning of life and told him someone told me certain words about life and now I want to find its meaning. The teacher told me you must know your purpose of your life and then your meaning of life will be clear.

I was understood that I have to find my clear purpose but I was not able to know whats my purpose can be and I then thought further because of this lack of purpose I am wasting my life. If my life will be wasted then how can I know about the greater meaning of my life.

I had several questions in my mind but I didn’t know about the solution. So, I decided to visit my motivational teacher who is great motivator in my college and who conducts sessions in my college. His name is Vikas Raj and I had his phone number so I decided to call him and he said he will be available this sunday. I was really happy and excited to visit him.

On sunday I went to his home and asked my questions about life then he adviced me if you really want to know purpose then focus on the peace of your mind, if your mind will be at peace you will be at peace and you can do things what you want to achieve. I asked him the more it seems easy to hear its difficult to do. Then he said  “This life you are living has a greater meaning. Don’t ever waste it.”

I asked him how do you know about that then he said it was you who said this to me but you thought someone else said to you. Wait, I will explain your mind is overthinking that’s why your mind is not accepting that you only created these words. You know your purpose of life, you even know how it will be done but your mind never accepts it, it always confuses you, your mind only is the barrier in your happiness. Create balance between mind and heart and for that start observing all the pain and happiness you go through then your meaning will be clear.  Now, I had understood my goal is happiness and for that understanding myself will clear my purpose and if purpose is clear my meaning of life will be clear.

–END–

