This is the story which tell us the real value of money which is beneficial for Indian girls which don’t want to keep their money as a saving which is as follows:-

Amita is an Accountant in a private company who was doing job after the completion of her studies. Her parents were busy in her match-making for her life-partner with the help of their family pandit because she was only daughter of her parents, besides her brother.

Amita was very happy in her family because she was giving the whole salary to her parent’s account and her parents were giving the money to her for personal expense.They were depositing her salary in their Joint Account(Account in the name of Amita and her parents).

One day, they selected the groom for Amita and Amita also liked the groom who was a government employee and was at higher position in his job.Her parents have taken an LIC policy for her marriage to spend money openly for her marriage.

But groom’s parents were orthodox in nature. They (Groom’s parents) began to say ” We have a lot of money for many generations. We don’t want her in the job after marriage. So, she will leave the job after marriage to spend with us. We can give her every kind of comfort. She will become ” Princess of our Castle”.” Amita’s parents agreed with them.

Amita was doing private job and there was no provision of PF, Gratutity, etc in her job. She was taking the salary for work and never tried to do any kind of investment like FD, RD, etc for her future plan.

In our society, parents want to spend their savings for girls marriage, instead of securing the money for their daughters future.

 Amita’s parents spend a lot of money in her marriage and dowry. After marriage, all the family members shown a lot of affection towards her but aftersome, Amita saw their real picture which was very cruel.

Her mother-in-law kept her jewellery and money in the locker in the name of safety of valuable items. They dismissed the servants to save the money by saying ” Home can’t be managed by servants. They can do burglary, etc at home. You are like ” Goddess Laxmi” of our house.Take care of your own house with care and affection”.

Amita got agreed with them but with the passage of time, she began to realized that she was treated as a maid and she had no value at home. One day, she wanted to go for outing with her husband. She told to her husband. Husband said ” I don’t have money to fulfill your entertainment. You want to escape from household chores. Money doesn’t grow on trees. We have to earn for livelihood.I have married you for the care -take of my parents and me, not to keep you as a ” Queen”.

Amita felt hurted herself because she doesn’t have the money of her own earning . She realized that she should keep her earned money which can support her anytime either in good or bad time.

Now the questions arise – “Are the working girls really independent? Who has given the right to parents to spend daughter’s hard-earned money in the name of her marriage ? What is the use of girl’s income if they can’t use it for their own benefit? ” These are some unanswerable questions which are required to change for our society.

–END–

