Social Short Story – Oh My Heavens

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I am lucky. I will go to heaven.”

“How can you think that?”

 “You know, I have faith in God.”

 “Faith alone will not get anyone to heaven. “

 “What do you mean?”

 “Faith in God is not enough.”

 “Then what is needed?”

 “Put the sinful deeds of the body to death.”

 “Will it help?”

 “Sure, it will ensure your place in heaven.”

 “Good, I will do that.”

 “You have to love your parent less than you love God.”

 “Okay, I will do that.”

 *emotional enthusiasm is not equal to abandoning material security to get into heaven”

 “I know that.”

 *Just believing in God will get no one to enter the heaven.”

 “What you tell me to do?”

 *Every act of obedience to God is an act of faith and it works as justification before God.”

 “Okay.”

 *It is futile to think that we are saved and going to heaven, but our actions mirror unbelief. “

 “I know that.”

 *The hearers who are not doers of God’s service are unqualified to heaven.”

 “I am not that kind.”

 *The light of divine truth is not to keep it to ourselves. It must be outworked for all to see and hear.”

 “Of course, it is right.”

 *What you do with the truth you receive will determine whether or not you will be given more or lose that which you already have, and forfeit your place in heaven.”

 “I did not receive any truth.”

 “Forget. There will be no darkness and no weeping or wailing and gnashing of teeth in heaven.”

 “I love this”

 *Fruitless people – like branches that bear no fruit are cut off from the vine and burned – will be cut off, severed from God and cast into hell.”

 “I don’t have any fruits as I am unmarried.”

 “Fruits here mean your fruitful deeds.”

 “Okay.

 *Your unforgiveness also excludes you from heaven. Forgiveness is life or death for people around.”

 “I forgive people. So I have heaven, right?”

 “I don’t know. But if you go to hell, there will be sure punishment.”

 “Punishment… What it is for?”

 “For not doing any good deeds here, you will have punishment there.”

 “What type of punishments will be there?”

 “There will be in degrees of punishment in hell. Those who know God’s message and do not do it properly, will receive greater punishment than those who do not know.”

 “I am sure, I don’t go to hell as I don’t wish the place is for me.”

 “Why you like to go to heaven?”

 “Heaven is the place of no death.”

 “Of Course, What did you like there?”

 “I can drink as much as I can?”

 “That drink is for no death, not for any kick.”

 “I can have heavenly women.”

 “All the women there are as old as you cannot dream. As there is no death there are no young women”

 “You mean Old?”

 “Yes, very old.”

 “Oh my heavens, I don’t go there.”

 _END_

