Then her imagination took over completely.

Julia was wrecking her nerves backstage.

She imagined the burning gaze of the thousands of people in the arena,including the judges.This was her last chance to prove her worth.Last chance to go to dance school.

She rubbed her hands against her thighs,taking deep breaths.But to no prevail,she kept sweating profusely.The host jogged his way up to Julia to inform her that she’s next.He patted her back and wished her luck.Julia managed to smile but that smile soon faded away as she set her eyes on stage.

What could possibly go wrong?She thought to herself,walking up to stage.

“Hello Julia”,exclaimed one of the judges.

“Please introduce yourself.”

Julia smiled, it was the smile that melted the heart of many who looked at her expectantly.She quickly introduced herself and took her position.The lights dimmed.She bent down in the most elegant way like a swan and closed her eyes,waiting for the music to wash over her soul.

The melodious sounds hit her eardrum and she begun dancing.Forgetting about everyone and everything.She danced like no one was watching her.Julia had this trick to calm herself.

Before every dance show or competition,she felt like digging a grave and burying herself in it.But when the music poured through the room,then her imagination took over completely.She was so sure of herself.She was indestructible yet flawless.

She swayed her body to the rhythm;to the beats she had memorized.The beats she had danced along to since she was a child.She was concocted in an imaginary world within herself.She lifted her arms and twirled.A bead of sweat trickled down her forehead but she showed no signs of exasperation.She imagined herself in the meadows,midst of all of the flowers and the fresh air.She  took a deep breath as she glided from one end of the stage to the other.Her eyes closed ,her breath steadied and she jumped with her legs in an arch.She landed on the stage with no sound,as if she was as light as a feather.

She opened her eyes when the music stopped.She bowed down and smiled everyone’s favorite smile.Her eyes searched for an answer as she examined everyone’s reactions.The crowd was speechless.

Spellbound.

All of a sudden,the crowd stood up,roared with appreciation and clapped like they had never done before.

Julia’s eyes gleamed when she realized that she had won everyone’s heart.Her smile stretched onto her face.She had finally proved her worth after years of effort.

She bowed once again in gratification.

Her ears kept ringing as she fervently thanked God.

She did it!

–END–

