Social Story – Repair Man

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am popularly known as repair man. Any computer related repairs can be done successfully by me. The people in the city know me very well. If anybody does not know about me, mouth publicity is always there for me.

“Hard disk data recovery, is not possible with any one? Don’t worry sir, Mr William is there, who never fails in drawing back the lost data from the hard disk.” Somebody suggests as a ready help.

“Computer not starting, why do you worry so much? There is Mr William who never fails in repairing the dead computers as he is No.1 in computer repairs.” Miss Elizabeth said.

Miss Elizabeth is the senior manager in the company “Imports & Exports” for more than five years.

“Madam, he charges more than the others.” Cashier Victor complained.

“No, problem Victor, Our time is more valuable than money we spend. If the repair is not done in time successfully, we lose more than what we spend extra in paying to him. So call him and get the job done in time.” Elizabeth said and cashier did not have voice before her.

*****

Mr William is sipping his hot tea in his room. He has half a dozen people in his company and the name of the company is – “Fail Not”

His staff consists of six persons are like gems, they are responsible and true followers of master’s principles and master’s teachings. They never think with their own brain and they never judge with their own discretion, what Mr William thinks and judges is their thought and judgement for them. Some other people in the same business say that Mr William is the data man and so he is successful as the most popular repair man. Nobody thinks much about what this means and why he is called the data man.

Victor called some other person as a challenge to prove that Mr William is not one in the city for computer problems. The new guy cam and he worked for few hours and failed to get the computer bring in to working order. Mean while Miss Elizabeth entered the computers room and smelled the situation.

She immediately called Victor to her room and asked him, “Why the repair is not done in time?”

“I called peter in the place of Williams. Fail Not’s line is busy, so I preferred peter.” Victor said as he is trying to cover his mistake.

“I know what happened and how it has happened. You wanted to show your brilliance by making things done without William’s interference in this. You thought you are smarter than me, right?”

Victor was really afraid.

“Madam, I don’t mean that. It is my mistake, I admit. I will call Williams and if the line is busy, I will go personally and request William to come and solve the problem.” Victor said.

Victor knows that if he goes in the bad books of Elizabeth, he may lose his job also. William attended the problem and the computer is in working condition in half an hour.

What William was paid is less than what peter has been paid for the work he failed to do. And this amount to peter is paid from Victor’s pocket as he did not like to get it audited by Elizabeth.

*****

William’s senior worker is Samson.

“Sir, Johnson form peter’s company has come.” Samson said,

“Send him in.”

Johnson came and wished William.

“How are you Johnson?”

“I am fine sir. I attended Simpsons & Simpsons. I spent three hours by trying the system and brought the data. I left it in “Not Working” condition sir. Coming here directly.”

“Good, I know.” Williams took his purse and Paid Johnson huge money.

Johnson’s eyes sparkled.

“Thank you sir, I do the jobs actively in our mission.” Johnson said.

Mr Williams, the data man said, taking the data.

Johnson departed. Just then Sampson came in and said, “Simpsons & Simpsons is a new client sir. Shall I go?”

“Yes. This is the data. Use it if needed. They may have some data recovery problem. Johnson brought it from there.” Williams said.

Samson took the data with smile and departed. Data man cum Repair man “Mr Williams” is doing his business with grand success.

*****

All days are not alike. Changes come and we have to accept some unexpected defeats.

One day William was shocked to know that his senior worker Samson started a Computer Repair Centre and all the data collected by Williams is also with Sampson as he copied, not only his existing data, but also his successful formula. Williams saw that all his clients are turned to Samson as he is charging less and he is not failing to get the job done in time and successfully.

_The End_

