Social Short Story – The Young Flower Seller

Photo credit: 

 from 

He was a little one, trying to fight all the obstacles that might face him in life, the most basic one is poverty. But who is he?

He was a little child selling flowers. That is what he did for living; he sold flowers in the market for passing people and lovers in cafes… All of this, just to buy one or two loafs of bread every night! I knew him for approximately four months, the first day I met him, he offered to sell me a flower, and when I took a slow look into his eyes, I saw the naked scene of innocence in it, and I directly bought the flower. And since then, I bought from him a flower every morning, and he gave it to me with a smile on his face.

But one day, he gave me the flower and walked away as happy as any other day, although he has so much things to do in his life, but he is still happy! Then I turned around for some time and then returned to look at him while he walked away, and suddenly, when he was crossing the street, a car came and kidnapped his soul as fast as the wind, and his blood flowed on the street while he laid still with the flowers all scattered around him. I directly ran towards him to check on him, but it was too late. I held him close to my chest and started crying silently, and then I laid him down on the floor again and kissed his forehead and put a flower in his arm without saying a word. Subsequently, another flower seller came to see the accident, and when I saw him I directly told him: Oh my dear child, do not be foolish like Jamal, do not let the empty streets deceive you, do not let your road end up like Jamal, my dear Jamal, my poor Jamal…

And I started crying again silently so my sympathy doesn’t be exposed to other people, what will they know, they are all some cold hearted people, why will they care about a stupid kid who sells flowers?! And while they were carrying the body, the other child told me: But mister, they did not call him Jamal, they called him Sari!

__END__

