My gratitude to all the elders in my colony who are trying hard to bring a diabolical creature like myself a lesson of a lifetime. It came after their futile efforts to bring me to line. They have executed every trick one can find in a book but all has gone in vain. My mother has been the centre of all the criticism and I faced their wrath. My father though has won his battle this time around. His idea has travelled successfully and he has also been able to establish his ideology and his perception.

Every plan of theirs’ has seen the darkness of failure till now to make my words reach my father. But what the fail to realise is that those words always don’t belong to me. This dilemma of who really fooled them shall remain in their psychic for as long as they live. Barely did they think that they have done much worse than what they accuse me of. Even if I did commit the crimes I have been convicted of, I will only receive punishment and the lesson shall not be learnt.

My punishment is that I shall have an incorrigible image for as long as I shall live and I will have to bear the reality of my greatest fear coming true. Sorry, for the misunderstanding though and the way I burst out against the colony was an act contrary to my natural conduct. Then again it doesn’t imply that I used expletives , that I haven’t done and shall never do. I have remained diplomatic all my teenage live and will abide by it till the end.

Unfortunately I am compelled to follow censorship at confines of my own home. They may have to face a stubborn individual like me but I shall face the unwanted, undesired glances of strangers. They have a myriad of emotions where the most significant one remains hatred. In an unusual manner they have joined a league formed to bring down my despotism. That would always remain a humorous notion to me. My clarification won’t work because they are in a hypnotic zone where they hear and see what they believe in and the situation might stay that way forever.

I have been awakened from my dream and my dramatic catharsis will go down as a session of self mockery. As they pursue a class of psychoanalysis to deduce the reasons behind my shallow interior, I will pleasurably switch on the fan in winter to dampen the voices outside and concentrate on my writing.

–END–

