The train has just started from the station and I was lucky to find a comfortable seat , though the train was not crowded . The sky was clear with the coldness of typical mornings in December. Being a daily passenger in train I have developed a habit reading books during the one hour journey . The reading can keep you engaged until you reach the destination and never gets bored even if you are not able to find a companion in your journey .

On this day also I opened a motivational book and started to read with utmost interest . I don’t remember for how long has passed and I was sifting between a power nap and deep sleep , though I had kept the book opened. Suddenly I felt that someone had leaned on my left shoulders for some time . I realized it was an old woman and so I remained without showing any discomfort for some time . The old woman was in no mood to move an inch from where she was standing . I looked around to see what she was doing there ? The woman was trying to sell a few  “Lottery Tickets”  to my fellow passengers. Despite her long-standing there no one seemed was interested in buying one. A person who travels daily in train knows that sales executives may a disturbance sometimes , especially those who sell “Lottery Tickets”. I expressed my displeasure to convey that she was pushing me hard, though it was the dislike to the sales person in fact. The woman realized my displeasure and looked at me with an apologetic expression . The woman walked away and to my surprise she had not begged anyone to buy a ticket .

The woman was pulling a four-year old little girl with her left arm . In fact the girl was hanging on to her left arm . The woman stood on the next coupé and leaned her back on a seat for a support and held the girl closely to her body . Her aged body wanted a bit support on the back while trying to keep the girl close to the body . This might have pushed me on the left shoulder when she was there. The person on the next coupé was not as patient as me and he shouted at the woman as soon she leaned on the seat . I looked at them ; the little girl was as beautiful as an angel and dressed up in the same way as well . I wondered how come this girl be with such an old Lottery Seller . Then I looked at the old woman. She was fair-skinned and had an old but valuable wrist watch on her right arm . She dressed neatly but the cloths seemed to be a bit old . The woman had maintained a dignity in her appearance and it was present in her behavior as well . This was clear sign that she had good family back ground . But her face seemed tired and bore the signs of suffering and sorrow . Undoubtedly the lady’s age and health were not suitable for such a hard job, especially in such a time .

The pretty little angel had always remained very close to the woman’s lap and the woman held her very close to her body. The woman had stopped selling the tickets. She must be shaken badly by the man’s shouting. She appeared to be worried either by the man’s shouting or the unsold tickets in her hand . Then a vacant seat appeared and the woman rushed to the seat and let the kid sit there comfortably. She stood very close to the child and was running her fingers on the child’s hair affectionately. I think I could sense some similarity in their faces. I was ready to buy a ticket from the woman , but she was not looking at me and seemed to have ended her business .

If the face resemblance relates the woman as the kid’s grandmother then why should she bring the kid along with her ? Doesn’t she have someone to look after the little girl ? Is the girl an orphan ? I had at least a thousand questions in mind to ask if I get a chance . The train had stopped at the next station and I searched for them . They were not in the train and I saw the little princess was walking along with the old woman through the platform . The lady had held the kid very close to her body more strongly than before . I looked at my hand which had kept risen a hundred rupees note above my pocket . I wonder what must have prevented me from buying a ticket ?

–END–

