Social Short Story – Broken

Photo credit: 

 from 

Not now, maybe later

When the feelings hit, and you can no longer contain the tears.

Not now, maybe later

You’ll find joy in life, something to live for.

Not now, maybe later

Things will change, hearts will see what you have to offer.

Not now, maybe later

The confusion will become crystal clear: you will reach the peak of the mountain top,

you will cross another adventure from the list.

Not now, maybe later

You’ll be sertraline-free, genuinely happy in a time of pain and misery. In a time of growing up & confusion. You’ll see the beauty within yourself, the talents you possess… Something worth loving, something worth admiring. You’ll find the reason why the blade never pierced your skin, why the note was never written. You’ll see the purpose of life while it lasts, rather than being a memory of the past.

So not now, maybe later

You’ll find a spark within yourself.

Starting with you, working for you…

Improving for you & no one else.

 

He had a way with words, so crisp, so simple. The way he made you feel his powerful persuasion. He made you feel okay, talked with such wisdom. He made you feel important like nothing else mattered.

He had a way with silence, so apathetic, so carefree. Not a word was said, not an eye was met. His silence burned, the way he paid no mind. He didn’t care, just like all the other guys.

He had a way with time, living in the moment, never looking back. Made you feel like, you were infinite. No one else; no more going back. Until one day he cracked, he regretted that. He regretted you, and what he put you through. On to better things, because time is finite for us… Left behind in the dust. All this time he didn’t care, he wanted something else; you thought he wouldn’t dare to deceive you, but something else had his eye. He just wanted to spend a little time, and then back to the love of his life.

You see… he was wise. He had a way with words, with silence, with time. He also had a way of slowly tearing apart this heart of mine.

–END–

