English Article – Real rich

Photo credit: 

 from 

I always thought how God manage the world and millions of people so once I tried to discover it.

I went out on a journey of analysing world and people. Firstly I went to a village named ‘Monetary land’ so as it’s pellucid from its name, the people of area were very rich and had lots of money. I saw the most fascinating bungalow that had different rooms for each member of family and many servants to help them. So all people were living luxurious life.

After that, I moved on and went to another place that was named as ‘Abortive land’ so this rural area had people living under penury. I saw a family with head of the family being ill and laid on bed unconsciously whereas other members were wearing torn clothes and they all looked in miserable condition.

Then I asked god how is his world?As one area has such rich people and other area has such poor people?

A saint heard what I said,he came near me and told me something that I got stunned. He said “Everything that is done and given by God is always perfect, it only depends on our perception whether we want to say our class is half empty or half full”.

He explicated that the rich people are only rich by luxuries and comforts of life but the real rich person is that who has got good relations.He further reinforced that you must have noticed the rich people have different rooms for each family member but they never talk to each other in good or bad situation unlike people of poor family. In rich family, if one person gets ill then all slaves will be there for help but in real, can only be improved if a dear one is near you as in the case of poor family. All wealth is waste if you can’t get real love from a loving person. Let me explain it further with some examples.

If there is some celebration in rich family, they organise a big party to show off in front of everyone and everyone is busy with his technological device but poor families celebrate only with family members. Likewise, the people of rich family always have to take support of outsiders to waive off their loneliness but people of poor family understand each other and share feelings with each other as they spend much time together.

On a whole, people do not get rich by their status, they only become rich if they are have someone to support in every situation. This is how I understood this difference. Still in today’s sedentary life, people say that only money gets money and person suffers throughout his life without money but according to me that’s not true as you must have someone to share feelings.

Money can buy people in this contemporary world but it can not buy people’s emotions and feelings for you.

###

