Social Short Story – Terrorist in Disguise

Photo credit: 

 from 

In those days Swapnil was in Mumbai for his job. One more recent bomb blast near India Gate has snatched away hundreds of lives once more. People have lost their father, their mother, their brother, sister, uncle, aunt and so many. This whole incident and within such a small gap has spreaded black smoke of fear and sorrow. Whole Mumbai was shaking in that fear and sorrow.

Indeed there was an interruption in normal day to day lives. People were being much more impulsive and watchful and scared, watching out and checking for tiniest and tiniest of things seen on road in suspicion of some explosives for even going to the main gate from the main door of his house. Swapnil also was a bit tensed more for other’s lives than his. He is not at all bothered that he would have been in normal in his native and that only for his job he is in such a danger. He instead tied up his shoes and was at his toes to help Mumbai Police to stop this for ever, to find the root and uproot them.

He knew Mumbai Police was trying hard, but people also cant be blamed. Its because of their fear that they are not cooperative anymore and as a result Mumbai Police finding out the final clue also is missing the culprit.

Swapnil used to avail train from Andheri Railway Station to go to his office. Usually Swapnil is very watchful. He has an eye like an eagle hunting for his prey and memory like a rebornt child in remembering, everytime. Any person or place or anything he sees once, he just make a note of all the things present, viewable then and there at one glance and remembers for long. So as a result he is quite familiar with the railway station also very much, availing that for now quite sometime. He indeed is so familiar that he could even know which shopkeeper has changed his position and which sweeper is absent.

So like this now for quite some days he has been noticing one new blind beggar to be standing in the heart of the station. He had been wearing a black sunglass on his eyes and dressed up in very dirty clothes.

“Now just seeing this, it would seem to be all normal that a new beggar has started his earning here, which he used to do in some other place till now and would be doing in future. But so many bomb blasts in so less number of days, and also begging in such a lively place like station – there’s something wrong,” thought Swapnil.

“I should not take any risk, atleast try to find out, and later if found to be usual thing, would apologize  May be he is also trying to become familiar with the place very much acting like a beggar, very much keeping a watch from inside his black sunglasses, to become aware of all types of situation and how to get rid of those in future if needed,” Swapnil thought once more.

He immediately without wasting anymore time and thinking to go to his office that day a bit late, went to Andheri East Police Station and informed them about his notice. To this the police also dint take that casually. They immediately gathered together, thanked Swapnil for being so cooperative and trying to help him move one step ahead and started discussing about how to stop this.

Swapnil to this said, “Sir, I guess in this case, as this is needed also, if we could find this out that whether my guess is correct, we could then only come to know the root of this and stop.”

To these the officers were happier even and shook hands with Swapnil. They then asked Swapnil, “It seems you are quite wise. So hopefully you only would have the trick about how to find whether your suspicion is trustworthy or not.”

Swapnil to this said, “I do indeed have Sir. For that you need to allow me to carry a big bag and go to the station near the beggar. You people should be there in disguise and then leave rest of the things in my jurisdiction. Just be on your toes so that once I symbol, you could arrest that person.”

The police agreed to this and went out in a group all in disguise with Swapnil.

Swapnil first arranged one lengthwise big but breadthwise and heightwise narrow bag. Then he put some papers and pitch boards inside it to make it look like heavy. Then he carried the same to the point where the beggar was standing. There he waited for sometime and then pretending to look around as if noone is watching him, but made sure that the blind beggar is keeping a watch on him, slowly put his bag down from his shoulder. Then pretending to be in some deep thought, started walking and leaving the place slowly without the bag.

He hasn’t traveled even half a kilometer also, when he noticed that the beggar also escaping others notice slowly removed his sunglasses and started coming towards Swapnil. Swapnil also slowed his pace a bit more to allow the beggar to catch him. Then the beggar just came near him and whispered over Swapnil’s shoulder in his ears, “Hey, who are you? Has Hasim sir ordered you to place the bomb here. I thought its me whom he ordered. So was I keeping watch for these days. Also has he changed the date also about when to keep? And how come you without watching and becoming familiar, keeping the bomb and going. If some dangers come Allah na kare, are you aware of the ways to fled?”

The police in disguise by this time was just standing next to the beggar and were listening to him escaping his notice. They immediately arrested him and rewarded Swapnil.

__END__

