This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 16 June 2012

This short story is selected as 

 May’2012 and won INR 1000 (US $20)

And Quiet Flew the Little Birds..- Social Short Story

The saying goes like this; “Age mellows some people; others it makes rotten”.

Yes, for most, getting old is a nightmare. It pesters a person with random assortment of thoughts, from the important life events to health and ailments and, even death; some of which they cherish, others they don’t. Some, which they want to relive and yet some, which they wish to forget. And, when it comes to a people who have chosen to remain single, it is this point that makes most of them repent for that decision. 

 

 They say, the dread of loneliness is greater than the fear of bondage, that’s why people get married. Nevertheless, these thoughts never bothered 

.

Everyone called her 

. She had been a spinster all her life and was now stepping into the final stage of her life. When someone asked about it, she said she had never felt lonely, as she was always engaged, with what she loved. She was a nature lover. As per records, her name was Mrinalini. When young she was indeed a beauty.  Of course, she was intelligent too, and belonged to a rich and respectable family. She was well educated and was holding a high position in government. But, she gave up all those fortunes and picked the path of an environmentalist. Though she had to face a lot of opposition from family and friends, she had made up her mind to follow her heart and do what she felt was right; some called her strong headed, and she didn’t mind too. Dedicating her entire life for nature, she had founded a non government organisation in the name “

” many years back, whose membership kept increasing every month, and needless to say, she was fully engaged with its activities. She loved organising classes and camps especially for the young ones from high schools and colleges, which was productive enough to instil the love for nature and the need conserve it, in those young, budding minds. Each day in her life had certain goals to achieve, and there was no room for lonesomeness.

A couple of years ago, she had given up the headship of the 

, to bring young people to the front. Giving up some responsible positions and encouraging others to take up the role is a wise decision as long as you have ardent and sincere followers. She had, and she was happy about that too. As decided by fate or so, during that period, an old couple had approached her with a request. They were childless but have been conserving a small piece of forest, with almost all species of trees and plants available and even some endangered, around their small hut like house. Natural lovers in the true sense, she thought!  But they were unable to manage it due to the failing health of both, and so, they wanted to gift it to 

, as their will. She had accepted that gift with lot of gratitude and hope, assuring them that she and her team would take care of it well. A few weeks after that the old pair passed away.

Now 

 was in charge of that small forest, in that small village.  She was very glad to see the efforts taken by those childless couple to protect that piece of lush green, which included rare species of many valuable plants and trees. 

 lived in that small hut alone, and there was nothing to be afraid of .Weekly, a boy from the village, purchased the essentials for her and left. She cooked only once and the forest managed to quench her hunger giving fruits. It was so cool a place with a small river flowing nearby, always with a giggling, which could be heard from the hut. Thousands of birds came there, chirped and sang, and the forest rewarded them with fruits. Though not a formal garden, flowers of different hues and colours decorated the place, butterflies were seen all over and the buzzing of the bees lingered in the air.

 used to have visitors there often, mainly grownups from research institutes and nature clubs. But this time, she was a little more excited, as she had received a request from an orphanage of the nearby village, asking permission for thirteen children, who were obviously orphans, to visit the place. She felt delighted, as it was going to be her first experience with children in 

 place. She awaited the day.

Early morning on that day, a minivan came to a halt at the entrance of the forest. A  middle-aged man, in simple dress came out of it and started observing the place ; or was he waiting for somebody to  lead them. 

 who was taking her morning walk in the bushes, saw him and moved quickly towards the entrance. Seeing her, the man’s face brightened.

“My name is Govind. We are from the orphanage, we had informed…….”

“Yes, yes….was expecting you people, come in….where are your children?”

He pointed to the minivan, left to the van and gave some instructions. 

 stood at the entrance and expected that her visitors for the day may be some high school going students….But, she was a bit surprised when she saw small kids coming out of the van. The smallest among them may be four years old and none seemed older than twelve years. Instantly, she doubted whether she could say something that will interest them.

They stood in front of her in a circle, as instructed by the manager. She didn’t see thirteen happy faces, and she guessed the probable reason for their gloom. They were orphans. Their faces were cute, their dresses were not attractive but were clean. Thinking about the fate of those kids, she suffered from agonising pains. She led them into the place.

As they walked, she asked Govind whether they had their breakfast, and he said they had. She asked about the orphanage and its running. He told that some charitable society was running it and they were receiving very little donations just enough to run the orphanage; to give them food, clothes and medicines. But there was nothing left to send them to school. So when they became old enough to learn something, they were taught stitching and other handicrafts. She felt too sad for them.

Reaching the hut, she stood in thoughts for a moment, as if to give an introduction as usual. But, the knowledge about the kids, made her clueless, as she didn’t know what to tell the children of this age group. Definitely those small ones would not follow if she gave them the usual information. Govind has again instructed them to stand in a circle around 

 and they obeyed instantly. Unlike the usual children of their age, they didn’t smile or talk or make any noise, their silence appeared very much disturbing to 

. She felt discomfort as twenty-six tiny, sad eyes started staring at her.

She said the manager that her usual visitors were either research scholars or others, who came as part of their study or just for their interest. And as those children were too  small to comprehend the classes, she would like them to move freely, enjoying the place. The manager’s face told he was not very happy with the idea, but after a while he agreed. She asked him not to make them walk in a line or so. She wanted them to walk free in the woods.

She talked to them, “Dear children, have you seen a forest before?”

All shook their heads. She continued.

“This is a small forest, here you can see lot of plants, trees and flowers and there is a small river nearby. You can go around by yourself and see them. If you have some questions, you are free to ask me”.

Some, may be the elder ones, in the group looked at the manager for his consent. He nodded. They move quietly, with the same silence of visiting a dead person.  

 was distracted. These kids are not even given enough freedom, she thought. The silence of those small children was really very much upsetting. She asked them to enjoy with their friends, take a walk around, talking with friends.

The children’s face glowed a bit, she felt. They started murmuring and moved to different places. Some went near the river, to see if they can spot a fish or something; others went near the flowers, as if they had never seen a beautiful bloom before. Some went after the butterflies, which were equally or more attractive, flying from one flower to the other. Some just wandered among the trees, as the trees were so big, that they felt they touched the sky. 

 noticed one kid, investigating something. She went near that kid, a girl, probably five or six  years old, she assumed.

“What is your name?”

“Mini” she replied, with a cute smile.

“What are you looking here?”

“I have found a nest and there are three small eggs”. She finished in one breath.

Even 

 hasn’t noticed it. She followed the kid to where she pointed. She could see a big leaf of the turmeric plant has been rolled into a nest. It was knitted strongly and there was a bed inside filled with cotton, in which lay the three small eggs. Clearly, the nest of a sparrow!

The girl asked, “Ma, where is the mother bird?”.

The innocent query from the equally innocent face made 

 thoughtful for a while. More than that the call “ Ma” sent a painful arrow to her heart. None had called her that before. Yes, where are the mother birds and father birds of these little birdies who are  her visitors now? Didi told, “Mini, mother bird has gone to get some food for her, when the eggs hatch, she will bring food for the birdies too…”

The girl was happy but fell silent as if thinking something. 

 had to admit the mother in her was waking up after all these years. She led the girl to some other place, to break or redirect her probable thoughts, about mother bird or mother!

A few hours passed and Govind told  

it was time for them to leave. After a few hours of roaming in the woods, all came back as the manager called them. 

found they weren’t the same group of kids who came there a few hours ago, now she could see pleasant expressions on all faces, some were smiling good. The manager said a formal thanks to 

 for letting those children see around the place.  She said it was her pleasure to see them walking around, happily and freely, discovering and enjoying little things. She even added they were the best visitors she ever had there. Govind asked one boy to tell her thanks on behalf of all. The boy came forward and started saying a few words as if taught well earlier.

Govind asked them to follow him in a line. As they formed the line and moved, their faces had the same glum, when they landed there. 

 People tell this more often, in the context of love. But this was what 

 felt now.

When she looked them moving away, she could feel her heavy heart. One girl turned back and looked at her, the one who showed her the nest and the eggs, and waved her little hands.  

 realized she was crying. For the first time in her life, she repented for one thing. No….not about a marriage or family, but….

She could have adopted an orphan child, may be a girl !

She knew it was late, but now,there was only one thought that ruled her heart and head.

“What are the procedures to adopt an orphan child?”

__END__

