The day, when CA Krish, who is passionate of becoming Chief Minister from his childhood, has started a political party by name ‘4us’ and exactly 3 months left for the elections whereas he had only 300 supporters for ‘4us’. Question running in his mind, day and night, ‘whether have I took the correct decision?’

Twenty days from the date of starting the political party, went to live interview of renowned News Channel. Interview begins, question and replies goes on, then got the three straight forward questions

Interviewer: Why have you choose the Chartered Accountancy Profession, while your goal was to become the Chief Minister?

CA Krish: First, a Profession where you will come to know application and loop holes in any Act would be the CA Profession.

Second, a Profession where we would become tougher by thoughts and heart would be CA Profession.

Third, a profession where you will come across the people getting Minimum Basic Wages to the Top Management of entities would be CA Profession.

However, presently learning the balance left over to be eligible for becoming a Chief Minister.

Interviewer: Very well said sir, I have thought CA as only person who shows Tax Benefits till now. What do you wish to tell for the people from this Live Show?

CA Krish: Three things to the Voters.

 Don’t Vote for Note

 If you want to vote for a Party for which your father and Grand-Father have supported. Then you Grand-Father were Poor, Your Father was Poorer and you will become the Poorest.

 Don’t vote for me or my Party rather vote for the Candidate or Party whom you believe would change us. Don’t go for Mob-voting. Be the change that you would like to see in the society.

Interviewer: Last but not least, do you believe that you will win the race?

CA Krish: Not me but the Nation is going to win the race.

However, CA Krish knew that he has still got only 30% of voters for his support and left with only 1.5 months rather he was pretending that he is going to win the race. Then, he approached his friend ‘Mr Raj’ and asks him to implement a cunning Idea. Mr Raj approaches the opposition party and says that CA Krish has sent me and seeks for match fixing that 4us party shall withdrew from elections if they would give them an amount of Rs. 1 thousand crores. Opposition Party has accepted the match fixing and went for giving Rs. 1 thousand crores. By this trap, CA Krish wins the race through sending his friend ‘Mr Raj’ and Opponent party personnel to prison whereas the actual person behind planning the Match Fixing was himself.

Finally, CA Krish has become the Chief Minister of the State and has lead the State to 1st position among the nation. However, CA Krish has left with the question still with himself, day and night, ‘Is he eligible to become Chief Minister?’

CA Krish is a Hero because he has lead the state in achieving 1st position among the Nation and the people in the state lived happily. CA Krish is a Zero because he was not ethical during the time of elections.

Hence, moral of the above storey is that Mission to achieve Vision should be ethical or your Vision will not provide you happiness.

Though CA Krish had become Hero but he is a real Zero by losing his ethics, rather he might have waited for the next elections.

–END–

