Social Short Story – Savior buddy!

Photo credit: 

 from 

And now, ladies and gentlemen, the ‘Best Sales Lead’ for this quarter goes to Mr. Mihir Patel. The announcement was cheered with non-stop clapping for a while.

Wow… Yash remarked. We did it. Yash was his second line and a good friend, both shares a great tuning in professional life too.

Rest of his team-mates ran towards Mihir, their boss, to rejoice.

Shika, Sales coordinator, collected the bouquet and decorated it in her desk.

It was turn of Mihir to address the gathering of about forty around.

“Good afternoon”, he continued in his soft voice. “Friends, I owe this to each and every member of my team and wish to get this position in next quarters too. Thank you. Let’s celebrates it with more fun & music, drinks n dinner. Request you all to join our team at 8 pm sharp at Heartz tomorrow”. Heartz Lobby is a hangout where he visited regularly and his office had a corporate deal for all gathering.

Everyone parted way and geared up for a party weekend next day.

Mihir had a busy Saturday as he had to pick & drop his little son of 5 years to swimming class, grocery shopping with his wife Siya. He accompanied his parents to a house warming ceremony of a distant relative. He also replied few messages on his cell ‘sorry, can’t make to Heartz’.

He reached the venue late by half an hour and was happy to see his group enjoying the songs and sipping their appetizers. Another group was dancing to the Bollywood numbers. Mihir was greeted by Yash and then settled down for a casual chat and strategy to tap a new tricky client.

Yash was a social drinker but Mihir, an alcoholic and a chain smoker, a lover of junkie food. Mihir was warned of neglecting his health and improper lifestyle. Mihir comes back from the gym after a glass of juice and never bothered to do the workouts. Siya was perplexed at his ‘don’t care’ attitude towards a healthy lifestyle. Many a time she had raised her concerns towards the consequences. At such occasions Mihir replied,’ you don’t understand the work pressure’. ‘How do you think I cope with such work stress? “Better start workout at gym, or join my yoga centre”. Her plea was overlooked and he lit another cigar walking out of the room.

Days and months just flew and Mihir was rocking with lucrative incentive of foreign tours. Parties became frequent and official tours took almost his family time. He started spending more time meeting the clients over dinner and returned home drunk.

The award ceremony of the next quarter was to begin in the Office Conference Room. Mihir was looking to yet another foreign trip. All his team members walked towards the Conference. Yash walked past to Mihir’s cabin and find his door half opened. He opened the door and raised his voice, ‘let’s go’.

Mihir got up from his chair but collapsed. He tried hard to sit back in his chair but in vain. Yash shouted for help and ran towards him.  Mihir was finding it difficult to get up even to speak. He also could not breathe. His colleagues rushed him to the nearby nursing and message was sent to his family members.

Siya was by his bed side. Mihir was restless looked pale and weak as he was kept under observation. Yash visited him regularly and wished him a quick recovery as he’s somehow managing the show at office. Mihir saw the upset face of Siya, quiet and lost in her own thoughts. Tears were running down her cheeks. He tried to speak, wanted to tell her sorry but he couldn’t. The next two days continued and on third day he was discharged after improving upon. Yash helped Siya complete the hospital formalities and three of them reached Mihir’s house by evening.

Mihir’s parents were excited, happy and thanking the stars. His son came running and Mihir took him and wrapped him tightly in his arms, never wanting to let go off. Mihir slowly let him go and settled in his room. Yash was happy that he hugged Mihir and thanked god for saving him from a stroke. Silence spread among them for a minute and Yash finally said, take rest, I’ll speak to you on the weekend. With Siya’s home cooked meals, proper medicines and enjoying the family time with his parents and the little one, he felt better and returning to his normal routine.

Yash visited him as scheduled and he took a long list of ‘to do’ tasks. Mihir was trying to look closely what’s the agenda and stared at Yash. Smilingly, Yash handed him a new pair of sports shoes as the agenda was the fitness program for his friend-office buddy and of course his boss for a healthy life.

Mihir sounded low and was not feeling great to a new start up. He was avoiding in all possible ways but Yash continued in a stern voice as if he’s the controller and director ‘time to have a fresh outlook as there’s already a signal from the heavens. Not letting you with your old style’.

Siya arrived with two glasses of fresh juice. Yash showed her the paper and her face widened with a big smile. She quickly pasted the agenda by the bedside.

Yash wrote something in the agenda in bold ‘Healthy folks make happy working’. Mihir added, ‘healthy habits make healthy profits’.

Siya dumped a couple of cigarettes pack showing ‘tobacco kills’. She thought should I thank this savior or the stars………..

Today maximum number of death is caused due to heart problems. Check, Do you have a savior buddy in your contacts ?

__END__

