A girl name Jamie got obsessed to a guy Idol. The name of her Idol is Scott, She first saw Scott on t.v singing and dancing at first she didn’t care about him but when Scott sang a love song she was mesmerized, Scott voice was so beautiful, she feels like the idol voice sounds like an an angel and she fell in love with it. After that she can’t stop thinking about Scott so she decided to buy posters of him, his cds, a t-shirt that has his face and cap that has his name embroidered, I can say that Jamie got obsessed with him. She got a tattoo written “I love Scott”

One day Jamie heard the news that Scott is dating a girl named Amanda. She was furious, sad, angry and it shows on her face that she’s planning something. Jamie is in her school and she heard that Amanda is actually studying there too. She started planning something to ruined the relationship of Scott and Amanda. She hired a handsome student to flirt with Amanda and kiss her.

She started the plan, She asked the guy to go to the rooftop of the school because Amanda is always staying there because no one go there. The guy follows Jamie’s order. He got there and saw Amanda was alone, He goes near her and introduced himself. He make a small talk to Amanda and suddenly kiss him. Amanda slapped him on his face and runoff. Jamie is actually there hiding and She pay the guy for the good job, she got what she needs a picture of Amanda kissing another guy. Jamie send the photos to Scott and she just wait for the news of their breakup.

After 5 days rumors came out that Amanda and Scott had broken up and Scott confirmed it, He said that Amanda cheated him with another guy. Jamie was so Happy and she decided to make her move on Scott. She asked her Father who is well known in the Music Industry if she can have a party at there house and she asked her father to invite Scott at there, His father love him so much so he just follows what her daughter likes and wants. Jamie start preparing, she totally got a full Makeover. No more brunette, nerdy Jamie, she is now blonde, with contact lens and wearing a Versace red dress.

She invites her other friends to the party and her friends totally got shocked because she really look different and they actually think she kinda look alike Amanda. So the party has started, the long wait is over Scott has arrived using his BMW motorcycle. She met him on the door of her house and introduced herself. Scott actually knew her because of the constant gift she sent to him and her father is well known. She asked him they get a drink in the kitchen and Scott followed her. They do a little chit chat and dance a little bit. Scott has become a little dizzy because of to much drink. Jamie decided to bring him to her room.

When they got there Scott pull her and kissed her passionately, She keep saying I love you and Jamie just surrendered herself to him because she love him so much. Jamie didn’t know but because of too much drink and dizziness Scott thought she was Amanda. The day after the party Scott woke up and saw that he’s naked and besides him is also a naked Jamie. He hurriedly got stand up and wear his clothes because of the noise Jamie woke up and saw Scott fully clothed already. She asked Scott where is he going and he said he’s going to work and what happened to them is just a mistake, Jamie got shocked and sad at the same time.

She told Scott that she thought he loves her because he told her last night. Scott said it was just a mistake and he thought Jamie was Amanda. Jamie cried and told Scott that he’s a fan of him and she love him so much but Scott only replied to her is Sorry and Goodbye.

After so many weeks, Jamie has changed, she became a depressed girl that hates the world so much but she’s still the girl who is so obsessed with Scott. Her dad got really worried because all she talks about is Scott. Her Dad decided to bring her to Psychiatrist to cure her obsession with Scott. The first session was hard because she doesn’t cooperate but after few more sessions she is cooperating bit by bit and after few months she is back to her normal self. Her dad burned all the things that can remind her to Scott. When she got home her room was redesigned, no more posters, cds and memorabilia of Scott.

She actually like her new room it is more refreshing and nice design. After months of staying at home she’s now back on her School and her classmates are happy to be able to see her again looking so well and Jamie realized that she shouldn’t just centered her life to just one person.She has a father who take care of her when her mother died and love her so much and friends that are always there to help her.

Jamie thought the right thing to do, she went to Amanda and told her that she is the one sent the photo to Scott and Amanda slap her so hard and left her, next she went to Scott and she told him everything she has done especially the photos of Amanda. Scott was furious and asked her why she did that and she told him that he loved him, but Scott disagreed he told her if you love someone you should be happy because the one you love is happy. He left Jamie alone but she understand what Scott feels because she’s the reason why they broken up. The heavy feeling she felt was gone because of the talked they had. Jamie decided to join the Organization for student who suffers depression and she like to share her own story.

Now Jamie is living with Happy life with her Loving Father and Caring Friends.

–END–

