Social Short Story – THE MAN WHO INSPIRED TO WISH

Photo credit: 

 from 

The old man as always was sitting on that same bench under that very tree in the park. He took out a cigarette from his pocket and lighted it up. He has always wished to inspire someone to write. There was a boy whom he had tried to inspire a long time ago. On that same bench the old man will meet that boy and try to inspire him by showing him his stories and poems that he had written when he was young.

That boy was the son of his old friend. When they were young they had a fight between them and their friendship was over. And till this day they both had always wanted to be friends again but they never got another chance. The boy didn’t know that. He has wished to become a famous writer but whenever he tried to step forward he was pushed aback. And he would have abandoned his wish to become a writer if that old man wouldn’t have told him that in the hardest times one may stand too firm or may simply quit. But those who have stood firm even in the hardest times have come out to be victorious.

The old man had tried his best to inspire him but till that day he didn’t know whether he was successful or unsuccessful in inspiring that boy and fulfilling his only wish. Because after sometime the boy won’t come to the park and the old man was left alone to smoke his cigarettes.

He got up from the bench after finishing the cigarette and left the park. On the way home he stopped at a bookshop to buy some books. Searching through the books he found a non-fiction novel under the ‘Best-Selling’ tag titled 

. And when he saw the name of the author an unstoppable smile piercing through all the sadness brightened his wrinkled face.

This was the best moment of his life. He knew that his wish to inspire has eventually come true. He stood there with the best-selling novel in his hand. He knew that the boy had written it but the words were his own.

Suddenly someone grabbed him from behind and hugged him. He saw that boy coming towards him and took him in his arms. All of them, the boy and the man who inspired him and his best friend stood there in one another’s arms knowing that their wish has finally come true.

__END__

