Social Short Story – Karate

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Jyoti was a college going girl who was an intelligent student and was taking the training of karate after the completion of college classes. Her parents wanted to make her bold and independent because they were aware about the today’s environment for girls, so they began to send her in karate class.

But her grandmother and younger brother didn’t wanted to send her in the karate class because they used to dominate Jyoti. She(grandmother) used to say to Jyoti’s parents that karate is not for girls and try to control your daughter, otherwise she will be out-of-control.But her parents denied and warned not to interrupt her for karate training.

One day, Jyoti’s grandmother told her ” I am an ill person. I want to marry you as soon as possible. But you are taking the training of karate. Who will marry with a karate girl?”Jyoti replied ” I am studying to become an independent person and my parents wants to make me bold due to unsafe environment of girls. That’s why, I have joined karate class.It is very necessary for girls of today.Do you know about my childhood friend Neha? She had committed suicide during school time because her parents died in an accident and she was staying with her grandmother because she couldn’t protest against molestation to save her family members from bad publicity. We couldn’t save her because we came to know about it after her death. “But her grandmother didn’t agreed with her.

One day, Jyoti was returning from her Karate classes when she heard the scream of his younger brother who was struggling to other boys and saying ” Please leave me. I will never keep any relation with Seema(girlfriend) in future.” But they began to tore his clothes and saying ” We will not leave you for any girlfriend today and nobody will come to save you”.

Jyoti began to chase them by her scooty , and when they reached at lonely place to sodomize her brother. Jyoti called the police secretly and began to fight them by karate. They began to fled but caught by police.

When police reached to arrest them, they began to beg to forgive them but Jyoti said ” You are the wolves in sheep’s skin. I know that if I will leave you, then you will sexually assault my brother in future. But I have safeguard him as an elder sister because I am a bold girl.”

When she reached home with her brother, she narrated the whole incident to her family and said to her grandmother ” You have always denied me for training of karate. I am taking the training of self-defense. You (old-age people) always want to make the girls weak and beg for the safety. I have safeguard my brother by Karate , otherwise, …..”

Jyoti’s brother, who was crying and in shock that time, began to say ” Sister, please forgive me for my dominating behaviour. Our grandmother gave me a lot of love, which spoiled me and I couldn’t understand the necessity of Karate for girls. You have saved me, otherwise, they will not leave me. You have proved that girls are not inferior than boys and sisters can also safeguard their brother.”

Jyoti replied ” I will forgive you at one condition. You will have to take Karate training with me because they could take the advantage from your innocence because you were begging and couldn’t protest, if I will not reach there to save you. I want to make you bold in nature.”

All the family members were agreed with her.

–END–

