Social Short Story – The sickened world

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

The world which we lived today goes sky rocket in the development process. While the development goes on rising, even certain kind of disease erupt, they’re man made and natural born. In short I called the world we live today is a mixture of both disaster and progressive.

As I was brought up from a poor family, I spent most of my days wondering about a kind of life living by an opulent people. As we’re poor family we are living in a rented house. Though my dad work in the government service, he can hardly paid the family financial problems, it’s all due to his alcoholic addiction.

As time goes by I had completed my 12 standard, but that’s the age of the starting point of my serious mistake. I happened to start doing toxic things like smoking and drinking, but am not yet addicted. As a science student am looking forward to pursue my carrier, with a good result hopefully I believe to get my college admission in the capital city of my country. I don’t think I might got a problem regarding staying and studying in the city because my cousin sister reside itself.

But there arise a big problem cause my cousin doesn’t have any idea about the college registration. There’s nobody who is willing to give me a hint and help me out on my college problem, my dream vanished like a smoke in a thin air. Out of hope I began to start learning hardware and networking computer. It’s astounding and don’t really appease me.

I started enjoying life with friends, because the aim and goal I made it myself all goes in vain. I began to start taking drugs, I started with pills and later got chewed. I got girlfriend in every corner, am too lost and I never care what would come next. My life are threatened with suffering from different directions. I do all things that make me high, whatever comes on my way.

As in a dream I got married. Time goes by I began to realise how much do I need to struggle in life. But my addicted life still overruled. I thought I had found something I agreed on, but it wasn’t an enduring one. As we are young married couple we used to quarrelled for a little mistake. I felt rue about the addiction that happens to me. So my mind is always swimming with confusion. I felt insane to drag myself into this mess of toxic life. Looking at my family status, I tried my best quitting all the bad things I have done, I avoided all my friends,  I got so bad I even dreaded the sound of the television. I also became nervous and irritable. Whenever I was in public, I tried to be gay and overacted. I became so unhappy that I see no point in prolonging my existence. All in all I was a failure.

The worst contrite in my life is my sickness. Due to the habit of having sex with different girl and chewed drugs I started to get HIV.  The vestige of my life are nothing less than just a refrain with sombre. As I muse about my physical weakness it influence to me a langur immortality. Acceptance is all I need to take. My sickness used to knock me down and that’s not a fib. If you ever been paralyses by sorrow, then only you will get to know my life.

I’ve been through the depths of poverty and sickness. I worried about my health about my excruciating attacks of acute indigestion and insomnia. I cannot find words to describe the mental anguish I endured. I wonder whether hell has any worse torture than what I went through. As I looked up on my life, I see it as a battlefield strewn with the wrecks of dead dreams and broken hopes and shattered illusion,  a battlefield in which I always fought with the odds tremendously against me,  which has left me scarred and bruised and maimed and old before my time. I have drunk the cup of life down to its very dregs.  Due to all the problems that I have faced I knew things my fellow will never know and I see things which they are blind.

Lastly,  I came to know that everything needed to be plus, cause without addition nothing come to get profit. I knew that the plus factor is more readily seen by the simplest hearted.

__END__

