Story on Social Responsibility

Photo credit: 

 from 

AFTER a tiresome city bus ride I reached the city’s main bus stand. Here I have to catch my bus to neighbouring city from where I travel daily to work. I crossed the road that divides city bus stand and out station bus stand. There was a bus which was about to leave. I hurried across and climbed it. Inside I saw a seat next to the driver. Two people were already seated leaving one seat vacant. I went and sat there.

As the bus started moving I opened my bag and pulled out a book to read. Before I opened the book I just glanced at the people around me. One girl was listening to FM, the other using Facebook on her mobile, one girl preparing to take a small nap, one person looking out of window and so on. Two men sitting next to me were talking intently on something.

I opened my book and tried to read. My cell phone rang. My sister was calling. I spoke to her for some time and again tried to read. I was unable to concentrate on reading. As if he understood my mind driver turned off the lights. Without knowing what to do I started listening to what my fellow passengers were talking. Their talk was on the city cleaning drive organized by their office towards corporate social responsibility. During their talking they opened a pack of biscuits and a bottle of cool drink and started to eat. They were also looking at few photos taken on the occasion. They were saying how could people put so much of garbage on roads and make the city dirty.

After some time I dozed off. When I opened my eyes bus has reached my place. It was just couple of stops before I got down. One stop prior to my stop there boys got up and went to the door to get down. It so happened that me and driver looked at the place where they were sitting and then at each other. On the seat we saw the biscuit pieces, biscuit cover, drops of the cool drink and the empty bottle lying. When our eyes met there was a question in driver’s look which I could not answer.

