One Gentleman, Mr. Nagabhushanam, a Bank Officer of a Nationalized Bank put in more than 20 years of service, was posted at a village in one of the districts of Telangana area. He was a family man with grown up children. He has all sorts of habits like playing cards, drinking, horse racing and also a womanizer and frequently used to visit cabaret dances.  He has lot of debts and financial commitments to various financial institutions, chit funds companies etc.

Mr. Nagabhushanam, an Officer responsible for Bank’s cash dealings for that Bank which was located, with one of his counter cashier employee of that bank and swindled money regularly.  They used to take Rs. 500/- and Rs. 1,000/- Note bundles from the Banks Cash Chest, while drawing regular cash for daily use in the morning time.  Also, they used to take cash loans from the customers who were given big business loans. It has become a very big habit for these two people.

These two people used to regularly used to enjoy on each and every week-ends, going to Hyderabad, playing races, enjoying liquor and again going back to work at the bank which was located at the Village. Mr. Nagabhushanam was one of the Banks Cash Chest custodian and one of the Banks Chest keys are maintained by Mr. Nagabhushanam.

Always, the Cashier and the Officer Mr. Nagabhushanam used to keep money in their shirt pocket, so that other staff and people understand that these people are financially sound people. These two people used to show put up more about them.

Months, years passed. The staff of that particular branch doubted about the credentials of these two staff members. The fraud was more than Fifty Lakh rupees, in those days – 1980-1985’s. (It was a very big amount in those days). On one day, there was a communication to the Branch Manager that the Bank Head Office has sent the Banks Auditing & Inspection Team, to verify the cash of that Banks Chest. Some of the branch staff wrote a Watchdog letter to the Banks Head Office regarding these two staff members.

Then the problem stared for these staff members. Suddenly, on one day, i.e. on Saturday (the bank works for half-a-day on Saturdays), the Auditing & Inspection Team from the Banks Head Office suddenly came for inspection, seized the cash transactions, Bank chest, Bank cash Ledgers and Banks Cash Books, for inspection purpose. The Auditing & Inspection Team also summoned the Bank Manager, the Cash In-charge Officer Mr. Nagabhushanam and the Counter Cashier and other staff and sub-staff should be present in the Bank premises of that branch and asked them not to leave the branch office, till further orders.

Mr. Nagabhushanam and the cashier were very nervous, and their faces became very pale and could not speak to anybody. The cash counter Cashier and the Officer Mr. Nagabhushanam both had a secret talk and planned to leave the branch office by closing the Cash Counter by locking the counter door. The Keys of the Chest was also given to the Bank Manager by Mr. Nagabhushanam stating the reason that he was going for lunch and would be back within an-hour. The Branch Manager of that branch took the keys within under obligation, not knowing the repercussions.

Both Mr. Nagabhushanam and the Cash Counter Cashier straight went to the Bus Stand, took the Bus to Hyderabad, enjoyed liquor in one of the Bar & Restaurant, played races again spent time in one of the lodges at Hyderabad and enjoyed as they liked.

In the meantime, on that Inspection day, the Auditor & Inspection Team, the Branch Manager, other staff members waited for these two gentlemen, and could not perform inspection in the absence of these two people. Later the Auditors & Inspection Team waited in a Hotel Lodge till Monday which was the next working day.  But, to their surprise and the Bank Managers surprise, these two gentlemen did not report for duty. Then a suspicion arose and the Auditors & Inspection Team and Branch Manager reported the matter to the Banks Head Office. The Banks Head Office directed the Branch Manager to file a complaint to the local Police Station on these two gentlemen not reporting to the Branch Office.

Finally based on the complaint given by the Banks Head Office and the Branch office of that village, the Police swung into action and arrested Mr. Nagabhushanam, the Officer of that branch office.  But, the Cash Counter Cashier was not traced further for very long years.  The case was filed in the Court of Law. The case went on for few years.  The Officer, Mr. Nagabhushanam was found guilty of misusing the banks cash in an irresponsible manner. Mr. Nagabhushanam was sentenced for three years. Then he was let off. After some years Mr. Nagabhushanam died due to his age and mental tensions.

The Cashier of that branch did not turn up and his whereabouts were not known.  The Police search for this Cashier look out was not successful.

The branch took various precautions to improve the Security aspects. The Head Office has directed all the Branch Managers to be very careful and advised to monitor all the cash transactions, staff movements, availability of staff in the branch office right from the morning to evening and to sign in the Attendance Registers two times, i.e. at morning arrival time and evening time before leaving the branch office.

–END–

