Social Short Story – Is there any end to this corruption?

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sudden rains changed the weather. In a scorching heat, one can only expect to find solace under a tree shade, or if the weather turns cloudy. But, it is a great relief to experience thundering, cooling and refreshing rain. Prutha was so much tired walking in sun, and she heaved a sigh of relief after the rain drops splashed on her sweaty face.

Prutha Sharma is an innocent and pretty girl. If you see her, at first glance she looks like girl next door, very down to earth and always smiling. She was the only kid to her parents. Prutha’s father, Shivam, was a clerk and her mother, Uma, was a house-wife. Shivamji was a god-fearing person, and never believed in taking bribe. Shivamji, though was a clerk, but he was a respectable man, well-known for his clean image. He had been offered a lot of money during his work span, but he was against corruption. Even though the Sharmas have a less income, they always looks happy and content. All of a sudden, one fine day Shivamji got a severe heart-attack and death didn’t even permit him any time to get a medical aid.

A happy family got scattered in seconds. A happy-go-lucky Prutha became a silent and lifeless object. She had just completed her 12th standard examination, and was waiting for the entrance exam results. Umaji, Prutha’s mother, was in a much bad state. She was continuously mourning for loosing her husband and on other hand she was very much fearful about her teen aged daughter’s future. Being just two ladies in this  civilized yet hiddeously barbaric work, she was worried how to protect her dear Prutha. Living in 21st century, still a lady must have a gentleman with her to protect her from all worldly evil.

Shivamji’s sudden demise was just a beginning of the family’s atrocity. Umaji being a housewife, had never been out of home much. Thus, all the work has to be looked by Prutha. Just a few months back, Prutha was weaving a dream to join a good college, but here she has to manage the house hold essentials and face the not-so-good government officials. Shivamji was a wise man and had insured some money for his family, but to get that, it was must to produce his death certificate. After completing all the 15 days ritual, the distant family members advised Prutha to be brave and take care of her mother. Though emotional, Prutha understood the need of hour and started thinking practically. She was unaware of the government office proceedings, still she started going to different offfices to seek her father’s death certificate. For initial few days, she returned empty hand.

Later, when she asked one of her neighbors, he told that the officials are just delaying the work to get the bribe. Prutha was a daughter of a disciplined man and her upbringing does not allow her to give bribe. She does not want to surrender herself before this corruption. From days to weeks and them months turn down. Even after following up on this matter, she did not able to get the death certificate of her beloved father. Just for the sake of some money, these corrupt officers harass the distressed people and increase their stress and tensions.

Due to not producing the death certificate in the office or in the bank, Umaji and Prutha cannot have access to the money they own. Sometimes, the rules seems to be so much troubling and useless. It was not just the case that Prutha was harassed for bribe. Being a young, charming and beautiful girl, the officials tried to get closer to her in inappropriate way. She does not have to hear just sarcastic comments for giving bribe, but there was used to such indecent language before her. Each day, she has to face mental, physical and emotional turmoil.

At home also, Prutha was worried with her mother’s depreciating health and financial pressure. At such a harsh time, all her relatives have turn their back and closed their doors for Prutha and her mother. Prutha’s education was not enough to give her any job. Wherever she went to ask for help, people looked at her with an opportunity to come closer and make illicit relations with her. She was completely breakdown with all the things happening around her.

Finally, she decided to be the prey of the government official who will be giving her the death certificate of her father. She felt disgusting to be with such a man. Moreover, she was having a great guilt of offering herself as a bribe. A daughter of an honest man had fallen prey to cobweb of corruption. The lusty man attacked her like a hungry animal. Soon after, he gave her the death certificate, and in a very indecent way said, “Ye aahe ghante ke kaam ke liye tune khaali fokat 3 mahine office ke  chakkar lagaye.”.

With anger and tears in her eyes, Prutha gave him a bad look, composed herself and left for home. Outside the scorching heat was piercing her like thorns. Eventually, the weather turn cloudy and the rain of relief showered on her. Prutha could not hold her tears and burst walking in rains. No one was able to notice her tears in raindrops. Poor Prutha was asking herself, is there any end to this corruption that took her self-esteem from her.

__END__

