Social Short Story – One day in rainy season

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

I enjoy walking in rain. Slowly, With floating thoughts, imagining something. That day the style of rain was so monotonous (It was neither so forceful nor too slow) that I started loosing my self in its sound, I was walking habitually towards home from school for lunch with out much explicit effort.

I was happy that I forgot umbrella at home in the morning and I din’t have my books bag on my shoulders.  All my siblings ran towards home as mamma insisted them not to play in the rain. But I dint run, I dint want to loose the chance. Suddenly my thought flow got disturbed for a cry of a kid. He was screaming “Ammaaaaa . .  . . ” and he was not able to take back his breath . I could understand that he has missed his way to home in the rain. I recalled all my mothers words about bad effects of drenching in the rain, I hold his hand and some how ran to my house.

My mother was very angry on me that water was dripping from my dress and she was shocked to see that small nursery boy. I was happy that she switched her mood from scolding me for drenching in rain to inquiring about that small boy. I told everything. She insisted me to change my dress and she her self removed that boys dress and made him to ware my younger brothers dress. Served food for him along with us.

Now rain has stopped, Almost lunch break was over, my mother told me to handover him to teachers in nursery section. I walked holding his hand, before reaching his school I noticed a age old lady crying. I simply pulled him and walked towards her. She just lift her head and realized something and started scolding me very badly. I could not understand anything and simply ran towards school.

The very next day our head miss called me and appreciated me. She introduced me to a beautiful lady and I realized later she is that nursery boys mother.

I understood now, that age old lady was a maid for that boy kept by this beautiful mother. I felt sorry for that small boy for unknown reason.

–END–

