Short Story – Mistake of the cornea or the corner

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was Monday morning and I felt very lazy to get up from my bed. My mom gave me an alarm twice. Swathi get up soon and get ready for the college. Come on quick It’s already 8.45 am . What ?? Really is it 8.45…oh no!! I just threw my bed-sheet aside and rushed to the bathroom. i have to get ready soon in order to catch up the bus which starts exactly at 9.10 am from the terminals.My college starts at 9.30. I don’t know what to do i have only 25 mins to get ready.I was like a jet and i ran here and there and made my mom also feel tensed. Mom where is my Commerce book which i had kept it on my table.Mom replied very fast and loudly from the kitchen,” Swathi it will be in your book shelf . I just moved my eyes quickly and took my book and put it inside my bag. My mom ran towards my bag fastly to keep the lunch bag. It was all hurry bury.

With full of tension i got ready anyhow.. Swathi you did not have your breakfast it is only 9.00 eat and go she screamed.No Mom its late i have to walk for 5 mins to catch the terminals and i don’t want to kill the time my having breakfast. I will have something at my college canteen. Bye Mom

I walked very fast as i can and reached the bus depo. I noticed my bus which was about to leave . I quickly ran and got inside the bus and  i took a seat at the corner and took a deep breathe. i could hear some sound oh its my heartbeat.. lub tub lab tab.

When the bus started moving the driver switched on the tape. It started to sing Why this kolaveri kolaveri di pa pa pa pa pa pa. What a song. I enjoyed the song .All my tension was in vain After twenty mins of journey i reached my college.

I am a B.COM final year student. I entered into my class exactly at 9.30 and went straight to my place. My friends shouted at me by saying a big Haaaiiiiii. I have four best friends and we sit in the same bench.All four looks very fair and beautiful and i am odd man out sorry odd woman out. Yes am neither fair nor beautiful.And i look very simple. And they are quiet rich and they come by car . I am from a middle class family and my father works in a private concern with a reasonable pay.My father has promised me that he will definitely buy me a scooty after two or three months.

Our first hour was Commerce period and we all was waiting for our Mam to come as it was already 9.45 am and our representative went to the staff room to see whether Mam was present.After few mins she came back and told with a joy, friends our Mam is on leave today.Everyone’s teeth was seen and all of us of were happy. I told my friends about how fast i got ready in the morning if i knew she is on leave i could have slept few more mins. They laughed and we all started to chat.

I always admire their fairness and they all look like an actress.Anitha told how she enjoyed the weekend by going to cinema and parks.Important thing is that she went with her boyfriend.It was interesting to listen to her. It was time for the next period and our Economics Mam entered the class and started to teach us about Indian economy.After Anitha’s narration it was a sudden change over to listen to the Mam.

We all reacted as if we are very attentive and serious in listening to the Mam.That period was over .. the next period and the next. It was lunch break and i was very hungry as i did not have my breakfast.We all opened our lunch boxes and shared our food.And we started to chat. Vidhya was wearing a costly dress in which she looks gorgeous.I dont have any of the costly dresses or grand dresses to wear and i admire my friends when they wore it.I asked her anything special today? She told me that she is happy today because her neighbour proposed her yesterday and she told us she also loves that boy.Today evening she is going to meet him in the cafe’.She was prettier than usual.We all congratulated her and made some fun of her. Deepthi and Nancy started to give her tips to make it stronger as they were already in love.

I reacted as if am very happy and glad but something was aching me when they all looked at me suddenly.I could not look at them straightly. Anitha asked me, what about you Swathi? Dont you have a boyfriend?.I hesitated a moment and replied no i dont have a boyfriend.They shouted in  chorus what?? you really don’t have a boyfriend???!!!.Deepthi started to explain about the feelings of love as if she has completed her PHD in love. She told that a person is incomplete if there is no love in one’s life. It is a good feeling as a person is always there to share our  happiness,joy and sorrow.Above all it is a heavenly feeling. When she stopped Anitha, Nancy and Deepthi.nodded their heads. After a minute i asked them what was the thing that attracted by your boyfriend’s in you all.All the three told me that their boyfriends told them they started loving at first sight itself as they are attracted by their beauty and fairness.

Ok then if a boy loves a girl only when she is fair then it is not  possible for me to be loved by someone right? Deepthi said no swathi u r beautiful. No deepthi i know how i look and moreover even our class boys will not talk to me much as they talk to you three of them.

Anitha started to console me.,”hey swathi cool cool. Please girls let us stop this discussion and afternoon session is going to start”. Accounts class started and i could not concentrate the rest of the classes. Last period was over and we were about to leave. We all bid bye to each other. I was very sad.I walked towards the bus stand.I waited few mins and a bus came slowly and stopped. I entered into the bus and in 20 mins i was at home.

Mom asked me, why your face is looking dull Swathi.Did you have your lunch? Yes ma i had.I replied.Then why are you looking sad my dear? Nothing ma i feel quite tied that’s it . Ok then refresh yourself and have some snacks.

After refreshing myself i went straight to my Mom and asked her ,”Ma why you did not eat saffron when i was in your womb. If you had eaten it i would have been fair. My mom laughed at me as if i said a joke .Swathi Myself and your father is not fair then how can you be fair. I looked into her .What swathi did anyone teased you in your college? Tell me. I suddenly noded no ma no one. I wish i could be a fair girl ma.

My mom laughed at me again and said dear it is not important whether a person is fair or not instead his or her character count the most.Only a good and genuine person is rewarded and remembered.

I had my dinner and after some time went to bed. But i could not sleep for  a long time. I was thinking about my friends. I dont know when i slept. Next day morning as usual i woke up late and got ready quickly.

I went to the bus depo and sat at the corner of the seat. It was my usual place. The driver did not switch on the tape today.It was boring.The bus was filled with passengers.The bus started to move and i looked outside  and there i saw a boy few meters away.Is he looking at me? Yes he seems to be staring at me.As i was about to notice him sharply…Oh shit…. the bus started to move . He was neither fair nor black he seems to be a normal person.He is not very handsome as well.He looks like a college boy. He was keeping two notes in his hand.

My mind was continuously asking a question did he really looked at me. I could not stop thinking about him.I wish i could see him again.I reached my college and as usual the classes went on and we chatted with full energy.Everything was usual but  i was not normal.I was thinking about the morning incident.My college got over. i  got down from the bus and  I looked at the place where he stood in the morning.My eyes wavered here and there to see whether he is around somewhere.I could not catch him in my eyes.So i started to walk towards my home.

When i entered my Mom told the same dialogue refresh swathi and have some snacks.Ok Mom.I was eagerly waiting for the next Morning.

When i woke up from the bed it was 6’o clock.I was shocked to see the clock. I could not believe my eyes.In the last three years of my college this was the first time i got up early. My mom was extremely shocked and surprised.Swathi is it you.I think you have got up at midnight.Go to bed.She was kidding me.

Anyhow i could not sleep and started to get ready early.i went to the depo before 20 mins.I went inside the bus and i sat on the usual corner.I was quite nervous and peeped outside the window and looked for him whether he is there.I was very eager to see him.And there…there…he is standing near a phone booth.He is cool. Iam attracted towards him. Will he look at me today.I could not take off my eyes on him but he did not even looked towards the bus.I was waiting waiting… the bus driver got inside the bus.The bus will move now.Why he is not seeing me?May be he has no feelings towards me.I was quite sad.The bus started to move.I turned my head towards the driver and then towards him. Oh yes he is looking at me. I had fallen for him and i could not take off my eyes.

I wish i could talk to him.I started to love him.I want to see him all day.Will he have the same feeling like me?I am amused. I want to share this with my friends.No swathi not now my mind voice alerted me. i should not disclose my love until he proposes me.

I was much happier than ever. I was always in dreams and nowadays i am more enthusiastic and charming.Love has changed me a lot.Each and everyday when i see him i feel like a new born.The one thing that hits me is he sees me only when the bus started to move.Till then he never even notice me.I started to love him deeply and i wish to talk to him today.May be he is hesitating to talk to me.But i really wanted to converse with him.The one thing am attracted towards him is that even though i am not fair and beautiful  he sees me daily. He is the real boy i was searching for. Without any attraction towards the girl the boy will not stare at a girl daily.So i was sure that he too loves me.Sometimes he even waive his hands and smiles when the bus started to move.

Anyway i decided to talk to him today. I reached the depo and i was tensed and nervous. I did not get inside the bus rather i stood outside and waited for him. My heart again started to beat fastly lubb dubb… lubb dubb…I am extremely nervous .My hands started to shiver..When he will come. I dont know how to start but i wish to talk to him today.Suddenly i saw him standing at the usual place.Ya he has come what to do. My mind voice told me “Go swathi go talk to him .You was longing for this day.Go soon swathi and atleast say hai to him”.

Yes i started to walk towards him.I was already sweating in tension.I am nearing him.His mobile started to ring and he attended the call.I was already standing near him.He pretended as if he did not notice me. He was busy talking.Finally he ended up the call and started to look towards the bus.Is he really did not notice me? But i want to talk to him.Slowly i stood beside him and said hello. He did not mind as he was staring at the bus. Is my voice very low.Cant he hear? Again i said Hello in a loud voice.He suddenly looked my face.I could not see his eyes as he looked at me very sharply.

My voice started to shiver by seeing his eyes i dont know what to talk. “Yes Mam tell me” he said. I felt he was surprised by looking at me and he kept his face as if he was confused. Again he said Madam what to you want? I dont know what to talk. I started to speak. I ….that bus …seeing. Oh swathi what are you blabbering my tongue twisted like anything.I could not control my nervousness that bus…that bus….corner……. He smiled at me and asked which bus Mam.I pointed towards the bus. He looked at the bus and became very happy and smiled at me again. Oh Madam that bus.He continued ok ok are you her friend. Did she tell you anything about me.Did she want to convey through you.

I was totally confused, what is he talking about?I was completely off.But he continued talking.Madam, Yes i love her.I proposed her before a month but she did not give me any reply.She travels daily to her college in that bus.I will be waiting for her till she enters the bus.Usually she enters the bus only when it starts.She will be in hurry and get into the bus and takes third seat. She is an angel.I come to the bus stand to see and impress her and also am longing for her reply.

I was dumb struck.What ?she sits  in third seat. I usually sit in the fourth seat.Whats going on around me.I could not realize anything.Again he continued are you her friend did she want to convey any message through you.He asked me again but i was not able to speak.Tears rushed into my eyes but i controlled myself and anwered slowly Sir sorry i am not her friend i just want you to ask whether that bus goes via YGM college.

He showed shocking expression.Mam sorry really sorry i shared with you my personal as i thought you are her friend since you talked about that bus .i misunderstood that you have come to pass on the  message from her.Iam really sorry mam.

He was saying sorry again and again but i could not stand in that place.I just moved away from him and walked slowly towards the bus.I was completely shocked and i felt  a cyclone hit inside my head.I want to cry loudly very loudly as much as i can. What happened to me? Tears rolled out of my eyes like a river.I could not stop crying.Every thing was stand still i could not even think of anything.I felt i am nowhere.I have fooled myself.This should not have happened to me.I want to hit my head in a nearby pillar.All my happiness was in vain.All my dreams was of no use and it does not have any meaning.Everything went meaningless.I have fooled myself nearly one month thinking about him and dreaming about him and our future.But now my heart was broken into not two pieces but many many minute pieces.

I believed he looked at me.But i was wrong he was looking at the girl who sits in the third seat.How come it happened.I feel like fainting.

I did not want to get inside the bus but waited outside and i really want to see the girl he is looking for.The bus started to move slowly and suddenly a girl came rushing and got into the bus in a hurry and sat in the fourth seat.Vow she was gorgeous and looked like an angel as he said.She was very pretty.Tears rolled much more than before. Boys always love only gorgeous girls right? Yes i fooled myself. I was angry on me. But how come this much days i did not even notice her.

May be i was in dreams when traveling and did not realise who is there around me.The bus started to move  but i stood in the bus stand as i did not want to go to the college.I want to go home.I walked towards my home like a body without life.

I entered my home and i saw my Mom cleaning the house.She was shocked to see me entering.Swathi what happened why are u back dear.Anything wrong with you.You seem to be dull.Tell me what happened to you.Ma nothing my head is aching so much and i like to take some rest today mom.I dont want to go to college today.

Ok swathi i will give a tablet have it and take some rest then you will be alright. Mom gave a tablet and i got it in my hand and went to my room.I really dont want to have it.I sat on my bed and tears rolled out again. i want to kill myself.Why I am not pretty?Only beautiful girls have heart and feelings.Dark girls like me are often neglected by boys.We dont have feelings or what?I hate this world.I hate this birth.I hate everthing.

I cried heavily and suddenly mom entered my room. i dont know what to do i immediately took a newspaper which was lying beside and opened it and covered myself and wiped my tears.And also pretended to read the paper.Hey swathi did you have the tablet ? No Mom i will have it now. Dont read newspaper when you have headache.Ok mom.I replied by covering my face with the paper still.It was a Matrimonial column.My face turned more violent when i saw the advertisement “Wanted beautiful and fair looking bride …age should be 26 years……. and some more information about the caste.I just want to tear the paper and throw it outside but before i do my Mom entered again i just turned the page and pretended to read.Swathi still are you reading the paper.Give the paper to me.Ma wait wait i will sleep in five minutes an important news Mom.I saw an advertisement ” SKIN WHITENING TREATMENT.  BECOME FAIR AND BEAUTIFUL IN  20 DAYS JUST TWO SITTINGS.EVEN IF YOU ARE DARK FROM YOUR BIRTH WE MAKE YOU FAIR BY WHITENING TREATMENT.SO HURRY UP LADIES!!!! PER SITTING RS.2000/- ONLY”.

Blood rushed to my head.This news is awesome.I got very much eager because there is a hope for me still to become fair  by taking this treatment.I took a deep breathe and thanked God for making me to read this news.I wish to go to the parlour now and take the whitening treatment.Per sitting it costs 2000 bugs and for two sittings 4ooo bugs.I could not ask my Mom for this much amount.What will i do now.Yes i have got my savings amount.It will be around Rs.5000.I have been saving the money since 4 years.Ok then i will take this amount and use it for whitening treatment.I looked for the address and got ready.My mom shouted Swathi i have to go to the market now.So you please take rest.Lock the door swathi.

My mom suddenly peeped into my room.

What swathi it seems you are getting ready.Are you alright now.you want to go to the college.No Mom.I am fine now I am quiet relieved from the headache.I can’t sit alone in the house.So i thought of going to the District library and take some notes which i have to submit next week.

If you are fine then you can go but come soon swathi.Ok Mom i will come soon.I took a note and my purse and came out of my home.My mom shouted again swathi i will lock the door and give the keys to our neighbour.If you come home early get the keys from them.

Ok Mom sure.

I walked fastly towards the bus stand.I entered into the bus but i did not take a corner seat.Yes again i started dreaming.Now not about the boy but about the whitening treatment.About fair and beautiful Swathi.

__END__

