Its 5:30p.m. in the evening, Kasi usually gets out of park and get back home via Hilpher Road. Aah, that road has a very unique environment, kids playing, people bargaining, most uniquely moti also liked that road. Moti, the cutest dog in the colony who every day gets a packet of biscuits from Kashi. One day she found a boy, just wandering in the lawn beside her house and suddenly dull grasses in the lawn seemed to be colorful this was the first time  when she just felt the freshness in the breeze of the lawn in spite of the thematic gazes of the peoples in the lawn. Now Kashi decided to wait for another 15 mins. For the boy.

The boy was just roaming in the lawn and sat on the bench. He was extremely occupied, was lost in his thoughts, in the pool of fears floating in his eyes she clearly read the insecurity, after all she had also been one at some day of being homeless. Her own eyes filled with the memories of past times and tears rolled down from her pretty eyes and found its way to the manly jawline. Yes, she was at that River Bank where Sunset meets sunrise, Yes, she is that painting in this world in which two colors of this world is painted beautifully  i.e., man and women and are not fighting but residing. Yes, she is transgender, so what she is human, so what God also devotes time for her to write Destiny for her. Good or Bad how amazing is it that she believes in Destiny, she believes in God, she believes that he is there for everybody no matter what. 

Now she doesn’t know how that 15minutes has passed. Still the boy is there, he was eyeing a biscuit wrapper lying there. She stood up walked for 10 steps, whipped off her tears and went to the boy and smiled, the boy got scared and backed off and started crying. Peoples in the park suddenly turned very caring and ran to that boy, he opened up about Kashi and everyone just got another opportunity to mistreat Kashi, abuse her and say amazing words about her existence, she needed to leave immediately .She hid beside the tree, then left with sadness in her eyes.

After reaching home she could not concentrate on anything. So decided to organize her home but could not concentrate. So, she took out a pair of pant and shirt and wore it and covered her face with muffler, just to hide her identity and left. With her breath in her mouth and her heart beating as if it with come to her mouth she reached to the park. A picture with Empty Park with no one around and fainted boy came around her eyes. She was filled with mixture of emotions painting collage on her eyes, her heart could not help but started cursing the Humans and their so called Humanity, even she thought is rather was their anything in the name of being called ‘humanity’  ever existed or is just a trap amongst  this so called ‘’Nature’s Finest Creature’’.

.

–END–

