BUT SHE WAS HUNGRY…- Social Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Beta, where were you?”

My mother seemed to be tensed. She was holding me tightly, so tight that her nails were getting bored in my skin. She was on her toes so that she can come to my level. I had never seen her like this before. Her eyes were swollen, may be those were the result of immense flow of tears from her eyes.

I was afraid to see her like this. The sense of fear was shaking me from my toe to head. In the mean while I heard the door smashed and my father came in. He was panting ruthlessly and the same tension was also can be seen on his face.

“Where were you, Sunil? You left my office at 2’o clock and now its 8’o clock.”

Now I came to know the reason behind their tension. They were eagerly waiting for a reply. They were standing still on their places, no movement, nothing. They were just staring to my eyes. Their eyes wanted a reply but I was not in the state to reply them. Before I could speak anything, I fainted.

Moments after, when I regained my senses I found myself lying on bed and heard my father’s and doctor uncle’s voice coming from another room.

“I think Sunil fainted because of tiredness and a prolonged exposure to the sun. His age is only ten and that’s why he can’t resist such circumstances. Where were he gone in afternoon?” Doctor Uncle was like interrogating my father.

“Actually doctor, I forgot my mobile in home this morning. So I called Reema (she’s my mother) from PCO to send Sunil to my office with my mobile. You know doctor that for a businessmen living without mobile is like living without life.” My father took a long pause then he again continued:

“So it was the first time when Sunil came to my office so I ordered some cold drinks and burgers and then at around 2’o clock Sunil left my office. I gave him 20 rupees, that’s the rent of an auto and then I came back to my office.”

“And he reached home at 8 in the evening. We don’t where he was in these 6 hours.” This was my mother’s voice. She was still weeping and sobbing.

I decided to call my mother in and tell them that I am OK.

“Mummy………” in the first attempt my voice didn’t came out my mouth well so I tried again and this time it was really loud. “Mummy………”

My parents and doctor uncle came in the room running. My mother came near me, gave me water and then asked the same question.

“Where were you beta?” This time I had to answer.

“Mummy, when papa left me near the auto stand, there were no autos. So I was just lingering there, when she came near to Me.” before I could speak more, my father interrupted in between.

“Who?” then I continued to explain.

“A small girl. She was asking for food. She was hungry, papa. So I gave her my 20 rupees. She bought food for herself and I came back to home on foot.” I finished. I was seeking some reply and it came from mother’s side.

“You came on foot. You walked 15 km. Are you……….” My father signalled my mother to stop being angry on me and he took over.

“Beta, these beggars fools everyone, so that they can earn some money. They play with our emotions. You should not give them money like this.” My father said.

“But she was hungry papa.”

“How can you say that she was hungry? How can you say that she was not fooling you?” This time my mother said. Her tone was a little, not a far angry tone.

“I don’t know mummy, but the only thing I know is that she was hungry. She was crying for food. She was definitely hungry….”

There was a silence for a moment. All were staring to me. Maybe they were a bit amazed to see how fooling I am. Whatever they were thinking, I don’t care. The only thing which I know was that today I helped someone. I was the reason for someone to smile. I was the reason for someone to eat. I was the reason for someone to live………

__END__

