Social Story – Justice, served!

Photo credit: 

 from 

The air was dry and the wind left a bitter taste in my mouth as it blew past me. The rustling of the leaves across the street and the hissing of the winds through the branches of the trees seemed to be saying something to me. Go away, it hissed. “I’m trying to,” I replied. The sight in front of me was as uplifting as the sight of a brown sparrow struggling to fly with a broken wing on a scorching summer day. The day was boiling, and sweat rolled down my forehead, slowly tricking down my neck as I made no effort whatsoever to wipe it off. I just stood there, waiting for it to happen, like it always did. And soon, my wait was over. For, it happened, just like every day, regular as clockwork.

The girl walked out of the building that stood behind her like a helpless stay-at-home mom. The guys were waiting for her to walk out of that door, just like me, but for very different reasons. There were three of them. One of them, the one that stood in front of the other two, was tall, wide and had a smug, pompous grin spread across his face. His huge eyes bulged out of their sockets creating an uncertainty that they would fall off any second. They shined in a way that they shouldn’t have and he smiled in way he shouldn’t have. What he did next, he definitely shouldn’t have.

I stood still as he walked close to the girl, who seemed to be going somewhere pretty much watching her own business all the way along and suddenly, held her hand; more like, grabbed her wrist. His smile, his eyes, dripping with pride, as the two behind him did what they were supposed to- stood there, chuckling in a way as to cheer him up.

“You don’t reply to my texts,” He said, in a voice that would instigate even the most peaceful of men to drive his head through a wall, and beat the living crap out of him just so you wouldn’t have to listen to that god-forsaken voice of his anymore.

“That kind of hurt me,” He continued. “You want to hurt me?”

The girl looked at him, fighting back tears and gathering all the courage in the world that she could gather. “Stay away from me,” She stifled the words with hesitance, “You filthy pervert!”

Then, she struggled to free her left hand from his clutches, and he tried to revive from the mild act of boldness that she had just pulled on him.

“I love it when you get angry. You only end up looking more beautiful.” He said, smugly.

Sh*t! Even for an old man like me, that one’s a painful cliché.

That was it. The water was over the bridge, it was so over that you couldn’t even see the f**king bridge. Well, that was my cue.

I started taking my steps towards him. I had played and replayed how this incident would go so many times in my head and thought about how good it would feel every single f**king night that I went to sleep that as I walked towards them, I felt as excited as a child on a lovely Christmas morning. Only this would be so much better than anything Santa could ever give to me.

One tear had already fallen off the girl’s eye as I was over ten steps away from him. His bitch-boys seemed to have noticed me first as they started to walk towards me. The other guy was still busy being all romantic and was completely oblivious even when I pulled out my 7 mm and waved it at his bitches, who scrammed from the scene faster than a piglet slipping out of a hound’s teeth. So much for friendship, huh. Now, I was about five steps away when the guy noticed me. Well, he was pretty normal about it when he had just noticed me. It was only when he recognized me that all the love started to crawl down his face. Then, as all the energy from his body drained away, and he slowly lost his grip over the girl’s skinny little wrist. She looked puzzled too. But, then, fear crept over his face. He looked behind, searching for his bitches.

“They bailed,” I said, as his gaze turned back to me, his huge eyes seeming so small now.

“Now, you,” I said as I rested the barrel on his temple, “are royally, subliminally, eternally f**ked!”

He tried to move his lips but his voice had decided to keep itself grounded. His eyes were actually smaller than what they had been earlier. I could feel his tremble through my gun. His legs had begun to give in as I felt that he could piss his pants any second now. Well my predictions were impeccable. Because, the cream coloured trousers started to look a bit brownish as streams of urine flew on their insides.

“Dammit!” I growled, “You shouldn’t have done that. I hate the stench.”

His knees gave in and he fell to his knees, my gun still on his temple.

“See, that was one mistake you did. Not harassing this girl, I would have left you off with a warning for that one. The bigger mistake, fu**ing pissing your pants. You’ll get punished for that.”

I pressed the trigger and cocked the gun on his forehead, “NO!” I could hear him shriek, not in the same voice he had been talking to that girl to. This one was more pig than wolf.

Click! Click! Click! The trigger clicked three times as the barrel rested on his forehead.

That was all it took to send him to a sound sleep in the pool of his own piss. I once again checked the piece. The safety was still OFF. I smiled at myself and then, at that girl, who was by the way scared to death. She stood there, frozen as I nodded her, giving her the permission to get the f**k out of there. So, she did. And, I stood there, looking at Siddharth Sabrawal as he lay there, sound asleep.

That was his name. Siddharth Sabrawal. Son of Pritish Sabrawal. Who’s Pritish Sabrawal? Well, he was some MP, back when I was doing my days in the Mumbai Police Force. Had his precious son busted for DUI. Sweet, caring father tells me to release his cute, little, innocent son. Well, I refuse. So, I get transferred. Down to this hellhole where I’d been rotting for the past couple of years. Then, fate strikes. The stars align just perfectly, crafting out for me, the best day of my life. Apparently, this hellhole had a very polished Medical college, right on its outskirts. And guess who went up to daddy, with a wish to become a doctor? That’s right, Siddharth Sabrawal. So, meanwhile, as daddy completely forgot who was waiting here, sends his son right into my loving, nurturing embrace. Out of all the colleges in the f**king world, he chose the one, alongside which I sat. It’s all in the stars right? Who the f**k says we’re out of happy endings?

__END__

