Story of a lower middle class Father

Photo credit: 

 from 

One busy evening….. In a suburban station.

Local trains are so much crowded along with the station. Passengers are trying to board the train…., no seat, unable to stand in the compartment. Hot and humid out side and inside the train.  A lower middle class man try to ride the train and an incident happened….. Pick Pocket!!!!

He lost his dream, fantasy, and all sweet memories virtually. He boarded inside the train, had a watch on his left pocket, its not there, really its not there!!! He was broken into tears, a mobile which he has purchased after a long fight with his financial condition is gone just like tea came out from cup and powered on the floor. He requested everyone in the compartment to search, no one helped, so busy evening. Daily passengers like him trying to reach home ASAP.

When he reached home, his father was not able to support him but he also broken into tears, they know how important the phone was for them. Poor father was not able to help. There was no proper camera in the house, all they use to use that cell phones camera. Too many memories, is n’t it precious? That night was so long and when a little girl asked his father why did you loose my mobile where I used to play Talking Tom and famous Bengali serial “Gopal Bhar”, father had no answer. He found his heart so badly injured.

Next day morning, father of the little girl came to GRP to lodge a general diary and it has been granted. GRP officials straight forward told they do not have any technology to track an andriod device and it is almost next to impossible. The middle class father did not loose heart, he tried and tried by different sources to get hold of the lost mobile, all the sources informed they are unable to trace it. One stormy night, everyone sleeping in the room, father of the little girl had a dream…….

Same night, same busy station. Some odd looking passengers are waiting for train. Here comes a train, the father of a little girl trying to board the train and feel the touch of a hand outside his left pocket of the pant, he caught the thief, yes yes yes……. the dream just broken and he was sweating and found  no change in his life, 10 days over, still no trace.

–END–

