There is no life without communication. Many ways people interact with one another knowing and unknowingly. By communicating we can’t judge how the person resembles and at the same time, we can’t trust them. People tend to realise when they have fallen into that dark trap. It wouldn’t strike until it happens to myself.

My story begins in Wechat. I’ve got to know a guy that address as Mac. We started our conversation from normal chat till it becomes a phone conversation which is within a month. The craziest thing was I’ve never seen his profile and his family background. What I’ve known were his nickname and profession. He seems so attached until exchanging secrets and problems with me. I’ve noticed that I’m neglecting most of my leisure time with him by chatting and on the phone. The fact was we are not in any relationship.

All goes well till I’ve felt he started to force me to spend more time with him on conversation and the phone call. It’s pressurised me because I could not concentrate on my other task. As soon he kept on continue the conversation so frequent until a quiet moment appears on both sides of the call. I always thought to hang up the call but kept asking me talking about anything else as he keens to listen to my voice. 

The instinct sense that I’ve should end our conversation here, and I closed the apps for a week to focus on my exam. After a week 1000 of messages and missed voice calls appear in the chatbox. It’s shocked me the last note of the chat that stated that he was addicted to my voice. Like ‘’your voice is a drug to me”. ‘’I can’t start my day without it” the only sound that makes my day stronger and gives faith to alive.” ‘’a voice plays like music in my ears when I was in bed. 

I was astonished and terrified because we chatted and talked over the phone. That person doesn’t know who am I and how am I look beside my nickname. For a second it sounds like he’s flirting with me. But a few moments later I’ve received some messages are ‘’I need you my friend and not as girlfriend”.” I want to share all my feelings with you and be my listener”. ‘’ I want you to be there for me whenever I need you”.” I want you to be there during my hard times and console me”. 

Seriously I was stuck, and my mind couldn’t capture what was the conversation all about. What I was reply was a smiley symbol. Even though that sounds stupid somehow at least, I’ve responded to his messages. As soon he started to chat, as usual, sharing his regular daily routine to me over phone conversation and hung up. I was speechless of his behaviour and kept doing these almost for a week. I’ve felt he is controlling me to obey his order as robots do. Seriously, he called me again, these time I don’t want to be his trash can throw all his nonsense towards me and then hung up. So he continues to talk, and I interrupt him by changing the topic, but He cut the conversation and continue to speak from the daily routine stuff. Again I’ve interrupted him, but he is not even responding to my question at all. He continues to talk the same issue till the end and hang up.

At this stage, I find him as psychotic. Seriously it gives me goosebump all over my body. So I’ve started to share this issue with my friend. And the first response he told me was not to trust someone blindly that know them within a month. He told me these account created seem to be a fake account. He just played with your feelings and might be doing the same thing with other girls as well. 

But I told my friend from the way he talked was seem to be sweet at starting and happen to have the same thought and thinking way which attracted me to continue the conversation. But my friend continued that he seems friendly before? Now slowly his exact colour is revealed day by day. The informal discussion becomes a torturous conversation. So my friend deals these issue and sorts up my problems. The next day he called me, and my friend answered. He displayed on speaker mode so that I could hear their conversation. It starts as below

My friend: hey; I’m her friend. How was your day today?

Mr Mac: where is she? I need to talk to her.

My friend: she seems busy, and you can talk to me so I can convey your messages to her.

Mr Mac: no I need her and she’s the only person can hear this.

It just not stopped there. But it dragged for a week, and my friend took charge of my phone. Meanwhile, my exam just around the corner and need to focus. 

My friend pissed off because he kept on repeating the same thing as a tape recorder. My friend hung up and asked me not to pick up his call and not to respond to his chat. My friend felt he seems psychotic and asks me to stop for a while and focus on the final. I’ve just handover my mobile and exchange his mobile for the time being until finding the right solution to this problem.

After a month, my friend visited me and to share his stories regarding the psychotic guy (Mac).

The real intention he is doing is to traumatise the people and threatened them for money purpose. In these case, you’re lucky cause not sharing all your secrets to him; instead, he is sharing his to yours. Luckily, I’m glad that you not fallen into his trap. He told me. (my friend)

He got this news from his friend who has been one of that psychotic prey almost a few months ago.

It gave me a lesson that not trust someone quickly especially in the apps even though good souls exist out there. And I would like to thank the psychotic guy for makes me realise no matter whatever problem I’m facing, my friend, is there for me as my backbone.

–END–

