Social Short Story – One Man At 1500 A.D

One Man At 1500 A.D – Social Short Story

Around 1500 A.D, the stream of rivers became blood shed and our black soil became red by the invasion of tyrants. They were big clan to post a rivalry for our peaceful mud heads. Pearls of beaches, diamonds and gold of mines were robbed to starving extreme from our home ground. They made our country to develop from scratch; from nowhere a country could develop as our land is invaded for the half a dozen times. Wealthiest may become poorest that was proved in our country’s history.

Drought and starvation are main problems raised out of that. The uncivilized from west were arrogant as our people always behave civilized to serve below them. The people who were licking their shoes placed themselves well to order the natives. The people were punished and murdered brutally. The wealth was fully robbed as we were under their shoes. There were no Protestants for that thunder strike on our country.

No cannon balls and swords would face if thousand young lads united. We organized a national wide hunt for that union. But we couldn’t make thousand, but 50 was not a worst defence if all were brainy. Refined thoughts would kindle a man from basics. We together started rebelling against the invaders, but we couldn’t make the purple patch on their history as we were born from a low clan. Our clan is the largest as an ocean around the world; invaders found us and started to kill one by one.

Finally a day came only ten of us remained and we were about to be expired without making a break through for our descendants only that made us to shed some tears on our proud soil. Nine were killed and I was the last war stone, I was desperate to escape from the crunch situation. I grabbed the nuts of that worker who was ready with the sword, and pulled him aside to make sure the sword is in my hand. Nobody thought I would do like that, I made the sword as thunder bolt and made a finest escape that an individual could do from a fiery trap.

On the way I picked up a horse, but my back was stabbed with a small pencil knife with venom, which took me to an unconscious state. The horse took me to a sea shore were I had fallen down for hours without help. Only the sad faces of my country came before my eyes. I was searching for life, a great ruler of that time from the near by country helped me to get the life back. I in turn planned from my brain, to seek something from the ruler.

Days passed my wounds healed fast to get back the people’s happiness in my country. Actually the ruler was a friend of invaders from the west. But I fooled him that I was a lad from the west. That was the first lies my mouth said. Again secondly I said the invaders are eager to conquer the ruler’s land from there. There started a cold war between them; my sticks ignited the coldness to heated wood. That created a path for me to wage a war on the invaders. No lies were wrong until many benefits out of it.

I became a right hand for the ruler soon with those helpful scoops. Finally the day came for waging a war against the invaders. The war not only helped me to fight out for freedom, but to flush out the invaders. My arrows stabbed many hearts which had cunningness and the mood of invasion. My sword was lightening fast to finish of the invaders quickly. Final goal is to free the people from the illness of slavery.

War saw its end with an emphatic win over invaders. But at the end of the war the ruler came to know I was a man who belonged to the native soil. He became angry towards me, my sword mourned before him. Ruler was heading a death sentence to me in his country. I was happy to die as my death would bring down the meaning of being true to anybody, as I faltered the belief of my ruler.

My heart was happy and my eyes looked the skies before I die for my people. Nothing became wrong in my death that was my penalty to pay for my ruler as I was dishonest to him. My people and soil will remember me forever even after centuries. I was hanged to death finally with a roar of happiness.

__END__

by: chandraganesh v

