Social Short Story – Footballer and the Cricketer

Footballer and the Cricketer – Social Short Story

The man who had once been a professional footballer was drunk now and was sitting behind a stool turned upside down and was smiling. The other guy, a cricketer, had his eyes fixed on the test match being aired on television. The footballer could see the blankness in the his eyes and was sure that his focus was not cricket but was pretending to be watching it carefully. He could sense it clearly and thus sat smiling.

 ‘I hate cricket, it’s a fool’s game.’ The footballer said.

‘You hate cricket?’ said the Cricketer.

‘I hate cricket.’

‘I’m aware of animosity you footballers have for cricket. I don’t blame you.’ Cricketer replied with a smile and went back to television.

‘There is no such thing…what did you just say?’

‘I said?’

‘The big word you used.’

‘Big word…Animosity?’

‘Yes. No such thing. You use big words.’

‘No big word that.’

‘It is! It sounds like one. I’ve never used the word in my entire life. I never use big words.’

‘You’re wrong, it’s a common one.’

‘Don’t argue you bas*ard! Did I say “bas*ard”?’

‘Well it was fine.’

‘Did I say bas*ard?’

‘Yes you did.’ obliged the cricketer with a smile. He was himself a strong and nasty drinker but he became meek and sensitive when drunk and he dreaded tough, harsh drinkers like the footballer.

‘Disgusting!’ the footballer shouted.

‘It’s all right.’

‘No it’s not. Bas*ard is a big word and I never use it.’

‘See, it’s normal to use them. It’s normal to curse. Isn’t it?’

‘Goes against my principles. I can’t say it thus I take it back. So now, you are not a bas*ard.’

‘Trust me you saying didn’t matter. I can’t be what others say I am.’

‘You see, that is why I like and respect you. You are so solid and sure.’

‘Thank you.’

‘I mean, it would’ve flared me up if somebody had said this to me but you…you ignored it so gracefully. I respect you chap. Is “respect” a big word?

‘It depends.’

‘On what?’

‘It is if you say it for the sake of saying it but it’s not if you mean it.’

‘What an answer! Thank God then. I mean it this time. I damn mean it!’

‘I thought you didn’t believe in God.’ Said cricketer.

‘It’s complicated. I want a drink.’

‘You’ve been drinking since sunset.’

‘What a time to start!’

‘So you believe in God?’

‘Tough one but I’ll say I do believe.’

‘That is a surprise.’

‘See, well, it’s just that one can’t be sure of its existence and its…its’

‘Non-existence.’

‘Yes, so it’s better to be on the safer side. Imagine if tomorrow, they prove that God thing is true?’

‘Okay, what if that turns to be so?’ asked the cricketer, curiosity clear in his voice.

‘You’re not going to leave me till I make it clear. Right?’

‘It’s an interesting topic.’

‘Fair enough! See if it is proved that…if it’s proved that God does exist then things will be real tough for people who didn’t believe. The transition is going to take life out of them. But if you are a believer or, or if you answer like me, all will be fine.’

‘If it’s proved otherwise?’

‘Then it will take believers some time to accept it. That is all!’

‘And the transition this time around?’

‘A lot easier.’

‘Why so?’

‘Son, it is the believers who can’t stand the sight of non-believers not the other way around.’ said the footballer slowly, emphasizing on the two parties involved.

‘You talk well. You read a lot, do you?’

‘I read but I don’t talk well.’

‘You do, this stuff was good.’ Replied Cricketer. ‘This stuff involved religion and it was good.’

‘God! I-was-talking-big.’

‘I’ve no idea about that.’

‘That’s what I was doing. I was talking big and I used big beeg words. Say you drag me into such discussions. I don’t like it. I admire you but that doesn’t mean you drag me into this sh*t.’

‘Has nobody asked you this question?’

‘All kind of folks ask me but I never answer. You know why?’

‘I don’t know.’

‘Because I never talk big. Never means never.’

‘Why don’t you do that?’ asked the cricketer.

‘That my dear is a good question.’

‘I am sure you’ll answer well.’

‘It’s does nothing but creates rifts. Yes trust me; this is exactly what it does. It isn’t any achievement or a virtue to talk big. Sometimes I think every word we utter is a big word and all the shit we speak makes things bad and confusing. I don’t do that.’

‘Then what do you talk about?’

‘I talk soccer, I talk cricket. I hate cricket but I love Sachin.’

‘Everybody likes him.’

‘He is a great and big man. I hate talking about big men but he is an exception. I love him and I love watching him bat. How much did he score today? I guess he missed the century.’

‘Missed it by two runs.’

‘Hard luck! You want to know what makes him an exception.’

‘I want to know, what makes him an exception?’ Cricketer asked foolishly.

‘Because he unites the believers and non-believers.’

‘He does what?’

‘He unites them and they love him.’

‘You coming back to it and then you’ll say I drag you.’

‘I just told you he is an exception.’

‘Then it’s all right.’

‘Yes he unites them and unity is the only symbol of strength and I admire strength.’

‘Then why are you not seen with your friends, your soccer friends?’

‘Because they are a mix of believers and non-believers I ain’t Sachin. Soccer in this country needs a Sachin.’

‘I love you using “ain’t”.’

‘It sounds nice.’

‘It surely does.’ Agreed the cricketer.

‘It “ain’t” any good to ignore words you like.’ They laughed and clapped hands.

‘But you are right.’ Cricketer resumed. ‘Soccer needs a Sachin here.’

‘You cricketers are lucky to have him.’

‘Sure we are.’

‘Can I ask you something?’ cricketer nodded and the footballer continued. ‘I like you but where are you from?’

‘Is there any relation to it?’ cricketer said clearly amused by the question.

‘I should’ve framed the question in a clearer way.’

‘You are drunk.’

‘I am but that doesn’t matter. I wanted to be drunk.’

‘Yes you’ve been drinking since sunset.’

‘Let’s not digress.’

‘You are right.’

‘Oh, you are from this place in news these days.’ Footballer snapped couple of times.

‘It has been in news for decades now and it has been in news for all the terrible reasons.’

‘I feel sad for such a beautiful place. I really do.’

‘You can’t help it.’

‘Tell me then, what do people like there? Soccer or Cricket?’

‘Once-upon-a-time they loved both but now it’s all muddled up there and now it’s Soccer.’ Replied the cricketer after a long sigh. It was as if he was visualizing something in front of his eyes. Footballer realized it and patted him on the back.

‘They believe that presence of cricket is going to take over their love and devotion for football. Even if it means not understanding soccer at all. They manifest hatred towards cricket but they love Sachin. Isn’t it funny?’

‘It is seriously funny!’ said the footballer.

‘Recently they burned down a Cricket academy. But first they removed Sachin’s posters and then razed the academy to ground. Sachin is a privilege, yes that’s what he is, he is a privilege they enjoy while hating the game he plays.’

‘How come youuu love Cricket?’ he touched at cricketers chest with his index finger.

‘Because there too you’ve believers and non-believers.’

‘Now that makes sense. They also need a Sachin, don’t they?’

‘Badly!’

‘Actually we all need a Sachin and everywhere you need a Sachin.’

‘Badly!’

‘I wanted to be him but I’m not him.’ Footballer said. Then very next moment added ‘No, I wanted to be him but I ain’t him.’ And winked at the cricketer.

‘Nobody ain’t him.’ said the cricketer.

‘It’s tough to be him; it’s easier to believe or not believe.’

‘Well said!’

‘I wish I was him.’

‘Just wishing never meant anything in the world.’

‘You are right but that’s all I can do. I can only wish.’

‘Sachin wished to be Sachin and then he worked hard to be him. That’s why he is what he is. We “ain’t” him not because we never wish but we never work.’

‘Working is hard. Wishing and then Working is harder. He was a tough guy. We all wish!’ Footballer said.

‘We all wish, that’s what we do.’

The footballer fixed his gaze on the television for a while but couldn’t continue for a long time. He went to the table where they had kept the liquor and poured himself another drink. The cricketer found the match interesting and he increased the volume. The footballer crossed him and went out in the balcony and settled on a bean bag and looked out. The commentary reached him there and he could make out they were discussing Sachin. He again wished to be him and he was sure the other guy inside wished the same but he knew that if he only wished he will never be what he wanted to be. The world will be nothing if it only wished to be what it wanted to be. It was all this simple!

__END__

