“I still have no idea doctor” said Shubham. It was then that doctor Dua rolled his eyes in dread. “What is it that you have not been able to understand?” asked doctor Dua.

Shubham was clueless about what he is clueless about. “Have you been taking medication timely?” asked Doctor Dua.

To which Shubham replied “No” The doctor became slightly aggravated and politely asked Shubham why has he not taken the medication?

To which Shubham replied “I have no idea”

At this point, the doctor became twice as aggravated. “But why are you so clueless?” asked the doctor. Shubham responded by saying;

Shubham: “It’s just that I have no clue what is up. I have no idea what is happening and there seems to be a lot of uncertainty and that I feel as though something is missing… something… rather important…”

Doctor Dua: “What do you think this important thing is?”

Shubham: “I have no idea!”

This one sentence seemed to be the final nail in the coffin for doctor Dua’s patience. Finally, doctor decides that it is time he deals with Shubham. He deals with him gently;

Doctor Dua: “So… You have no idea… Tell me something Shubham; are these the only four words you have an idea of? Because it seems as if that having no idea is the only idea you have…”

Shubham: “…– I hav–”

Doctor Dua: “oh but you do! You have a very clear idea of whatever is it that you are clueless about…I saw it in you the first day I met you three weeks ago! You’re just being uncertain of yourself… Have faith in yourself”

Shubham: “But I have no idea how to go about having faith in myself?”

Doctor Dua: “Start by believing in yourself. It’ll all come to you afterwards. Because dying without trying is not something you can do… I am sure of it!”

The doctor excuses Shubham to take his leave. The following week, the doctor sets an appointment with Shubham at 11AM. The day of the appointment arrives; it is 11:05 AM, still no sign of Shubham. Then the Doctor hears the bell ring. He opens the door only to be greeted by nothing. He looks down and sees an envelope. He picks it up and walks in. He looks inside the envelope and sees some pieces of paper. He pulls out one of them and it read “I had no idea that it was that simple.” He looks at the other papers. One was of an admit card. The admit card belonged to Shubham. There were still two other pieces of paper. One read “Thank You for this! You woke me up!”. The other was a photocopy of a PHD certificate in psychiatry. This too, belonged to Shubham.

–END–

