Social Short Story – AND I DECIDED TO DIE AGAIN!

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Suddenly I felt relieved of my pains. My soul came out of ‘my’ body.  I felt—I was weightless, had a pair of wings and capable of flying anywhere.  Although I was invisible to others yet I could see their activities and listen to their voice.

Seeing my body inactive Dr Bhalla felt my pulse and put his stethoscope on my chest. No sign of life!

“Oh, unexpected. Alas, he is no more!  How did it occur?  The operation was successful,” Exclaimed Dr Bhalla.

“Unbelievable,” said one nurse and closed my eyelids.

“So far I have conducted nearly 200 such operations. It’s my first failure,” said the Surgeon with anxiety large on his forehead.

“Sir, you are the best neuro-surgeon of our city.  This was why the patient’s family had admitted him to our Nursing Home,” said his Assistant Surgeon Dr Dayal.

“What do you think, where is the mistake? Did you check— there were no scissors, towels, before stitching his incisions?”

“Yes sir, I checked it twice. And I’m sure it didn’t happen,” replied Dr Dayal.

“People think a good surgeon can save a patient’s life but everything is in His hand. Take this case.  I thought it to be a simple one without complexity.  But he has deceived me.  Only God’s will prevails.”

“Sir, it means he can be again brought to life if God wants it?” asked one nurse to Dr Bhalla.

“Yes, of course. He can be, if God has mercy on him.  Some 

 say a person is not dead even after a patient’s heart stops functioning.  Death occurs much after that.  Medical experts also hold that if the heart of a patient who dies after a cardiac arrest is somehow activated within 5-6 minutes of his death, he can be revived.”

“Then we must try our best to revive him, Sir.”

“Certainly. After all it’s a prestige issue of our Nursing Home.  Ring Dr Kapoor.  Let’s also consult him.”

The nurse came out of the operation theatre. ‘I’ pursued her curiously.  Outside the operation theatre ‘my’ anxiously waiting wife and brother-in-law Harish rushed to the nurse.

“Sorry, he is no more. We are still trying to survive him.” The nurse said in a low tone and strode to the next door.

“Oh, no! Oh God, what have you done!” Harish said sadly.  He paused for a while and then said to himself, “He’s dead and they are still trying to save him. Incredible. A mere consolation. Trying to befool us.”

My wife had heard nothing except the nurse’s words ‘no more’. She broke her glass bangles, threw her 

 away and shrieked loudly, “No you can’t leave me so soon.”

She fainted and would surely fall to ground had Harish not held her in his arms. She regained her consciousness in about 5 minutes’ time.

, I never thought that your 

 (brother-in-law) would leave us so soon.  Before 3 months he was in perfect health.  It happened all of a sudden,” she said sobbingly.

“Sheela, Dr Bhalla is a very good surgeon. He did his best. Like us he is also helpless before God.”

“Many times I told your 

 to be cautious about his health and specially while driving.  But who listens to me.  He did not care for it.  He cared for nothing except for reading and writing.  Your 

used to say money is not everything. Character is. Principle is. His juniors have made a lot of money.  They have scooters, motorcycles, cars and all modern facilities.  They have constructed their own bungalows and we are still living in the same old quarter we took on rent some 20 years ago.”

“Has 

 got a Life Insurance Policy?”

“No, except the one which his employer had secured for him. No LIC agent could persuade him to take another.”

Sheela had hardly concluded her sentence that Singh and Sharma reached there. Singh was my junior in office and Sharma was a friend.  They had presumed my demise after seeing my wife.

“Oh Bhabhi ji, how did it occur? He was a nice man. Honest. Man of principles. Even our Director had great respect for him. He did not compromise at the cost of his principles. Alas, he has left for his heavenly abode. I express my heartfelt condolence. May his soul rest in peace,” said Singh posing him to be serious.

“I don’t know…. What should I say…. His departure has created a vacuum for me…. It must be a tragic and irreparable loss for you…. 

…… Muster up courage….. Try to forget him,” said Sharma. He was sad.

“How can I, 

, how can I?”

“Time heals even the largest wound. Everything will be alright with the passage of time,” Shrarma tried to console her.

“

 Sahib (to Harish) take care of 

. Stay here. We are back within a few minutes.  Let’s inform friends and relatives.” (To Sharma) “Come with me,” said Singh.

Sharma and Singh went out. I followed them. Singh started his scooter and Sharma rode behind him.

Sharma : “An honest man has left us.”

Singh : “Yaar, I know how honest he was! A coward. Always trying to beat the drum of his honesty and principles.  He had no chance to take bribe otherwise who is a Harishchandra these days.”

Sharma : “It’s unbecoming of you to utter such words for the departed.”

Singh : “But 

, this is a reality.  Not only this….   I leave it, if you say.  (To himself) A hypocrite!

He had spoken his mind. I knew he will not speak well for me. So I left them and flew to the operation theatre.

On the operation theatre Dr Bhalla and Dr Dayal were messaging my heart severely perhaps on the advice of Dr Kapoor. After 5 minutes suddenly my soul entered ‘my’ body and there were signs of life in ‘my’ body.  The doctors were about to jump with joy over their success.

Assuming that the doctors are happy because now they would have a good pretext to charge an exorbitant fee from me for my revival, I lost interest for my revival. A few minutes ago I had also heard and witnessed the dialogues and conducts of my family and friends.

From all these I concluded, ‘Oh, this materialistic, selfish world! Flattery at face and biting at the back. What an ecstasy I was in after my death! No more worldly burdens. No more office. Far from wife’s harangues and children’s demands. My wife will get pension, gratuity and employment in my place. I would be in peace and my family will also enjoy the life.’

And then I decided to die again!

–END–

