Social Short Story – THE LAST FIGHT

“Right kid, look at me, you need to focus on the fight ahead, you’ve got 3 minutes” softly spoken by my manager as he wasn’t worried about the fight.

“You don’t look worried about the fight, you look like you don’t care about it?” I questioned

“Kid you have not lost a fight, ever and on top of the they are all knock outs before the final third round” my manager replied slowly.

“Alright fine, so what happens when I win this fight?” I asked in a calm manor but on the inside I am buzzing because this my final amateur fight before I go professional.

“Well when you win this you will turn professional, which you already know, so why are you asking me?” my manager said before he started to talk nonsense to himself.

With that my coach walks in the changing room “come on you need to get to the ring!” my coach demanded in a hard way. I got up and made my way to the door leading to ring. I looked around at the crowd that are all shouting and screaming to cheer me on. As I got in to the boxing ring, I saw my opponent, big fella with an evil look in his eyes as if he was going to kill someone soon, my heart started to beat faster and harder. After the referee has finished telling the rules, the bell rang to start the 1

 round.

I put my guard up, started to bob my head and light on my feet, whilst making my way to my opponent, who also had his guard up but didn’t bob his head or he wasn’t light on my feet. As soon as we were at arms-length away we started to circle around the ring. We did a half circle before I snapped out a blinding fast jab to the face, then two more snapping jabs to the face, then two more followed by a straight right which made him step back a little. Then he threw out a heavy jab but I saw it coming and bobbed to the right and then planted a crushing uppercut to the ribs, which forced him to lean to the side and seeing a good chance I threw a forceful left hook to the side of his face sending him back a few steps.

Then out of no where, I was sent hurtling to the other side of the ring! I was smacked by a huge right hook. This guy is strong, he’s a lot stronger than he looks and he looks twice as strong as me. I managed to recover quite quickly from the huge hit and came back to take him on. Then with me looking to end this fight I snapped out another one of my blinding jabs to the face but this time I stepping in to it putting more force behind it, pushing him back more, I continued to step in to my jabs until I got him in to the ropes. As soon as he got in to the ropes I swung with a big left hook across the face sending him towards the corner then I sent another big left hook and another and another and another until he got to the corner then as hard as I could and with all my body weight behind it I sent out a massive right hook to his face, which sent him to the floor then the referee started to count, 1 . . . . 2 . . . . 3 . . . . 4 . . . . 5 . . . . Then he rose to his feet, looking shocked and worried. DING DIND DING, the bell rang to end the first round.

“Fu*king great round kid, fu*king great, right now look for the knock out coz he is week, look at him, he is worried and his legs are still shaking. You got him, you fu*king got him, that title is yours kid” my coach roared in excitement, as I’m being looked over by the medic just to make sure that I’m still in good condition.

After the bell rand to start the 2

 round, my guard came back up, my head started to bob again and still light on my feet. I made my way to my opponent, who was still shaking in the legs from the knock down, which gave me a brilliant opportunity to go for the knock out. Again I started to send the jab out in to his face sending him back and then another blinding jab to the face and another and another and another, I managed to land around ten snapping jabs to his face, which made his nose start to bleed quite bad.

Then a crushing straight right to his bloody nose and sent him in to the ropes once again and with that I send out a left hook then a right hook then another left hook and then another right hook, then I move down to the body and sent out a bone rattling left hook and then a right hook and then another left hook, then another right hook, then another left hook, each hit I land my opponent gets weaker, each hit he grows more tired, so he couldn’t bring his arms in to a firm guard and so my punches can slip right through it. I sent some more jabs to the face, making that bloody nose worse. Then I go for the knock out, throwing out the left hook multiple times to the side of his face, making him stumble around the ring and then I go to throw the big right hook. All this I happening so fast the next thing I saw is the referee finishing the count and then waving his arms to end the fight and then my crew rushed in to the ring to grab me.

I don’t know what is happening but all I know is I have just LOST!

__END__

By

Charlie-George Buxton

