Teenage Girl’s Story – Silence of The Night

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

The silence of the night introduces me to someone,

 Someone who is very close to me, and yet I haven’t seen from years, and lost it in my fast pacing life

 The pale bluish winter moon, creates a blurred pic of an infant face who was known but then was unknown.

 The cold, slow and smooth breeze lifted me,”though I was heavy” it carried me and showed me the moments of life I lost.

 It showed me how I lost my Identity to someone very close, making an identity in the world.

 The silence of the night made me hear strange voices- a cry of silent love, pain and emotions which were now seemed to lost somewhere

 My mind reflected the image of person I lost, And soon I realized

 The image was slowly, slowly fading in, and with it I slowly dozed off under the shimmering blue light of night sky, covering myself with the blanket of peaceful breeze.

And then I met the person in my dream’s reality,

 A beautiful girl, who name herself “myself” and then I promised myself to be “REAL ME”.

 

Here’s the message to be given from my poem so that people should not make assumptions of what I wrote after I die-

“Dear Beautiful Readers,

Life as you all know can be lived only once.We don’t know anything about the concept of rebirth or heaven so that we could have one more chance to live. All the chance we could have is been given to us in this birth only.

When we are born the only person that loves us no matter howsoever we are is our parents. They love us to eternity and try to fulfill all our demands. But as we grow we think that it’s only up to us to-do what we want to do. We choose our partner and do everything to empress them. We even change ourselves to win their love and forget who we really are and hence loose all our chances to live a life until and unless we don’t understand our value.

Falling in love with an inappropriate person is not the only reason in sad world but also money. When we start earning, we start to make career. The more we get the more we want. A selfish and greedy person is never satisfied even if he is given a whole world. We commit crimes and hide it from the world not ready to confess that we have done something wrong and we shall make amendments . Well there is something to be learned from this poem and that is never let anybody change you. Be who you are and also accept everybody as such. Love yourself love others.

I hope you learn something readers. It’s true that I am only 16 years old but in my 15 years of life I have experienced lots of things that had indeed me an experienced person. Still I am ready to learn everything you teach me. If you feel that there is anything that I have written us wrong please feel free to tell me what is it and I shall think over it all over again.

Love you have a good day everybody. You have potential you just need to have a courage to share it.,”

