Short Story Social Issue – Confessions of a Micro-Observer

Photo credit: 

 from 

I still don’t know why I have to do this. It’s killing me inside. I am sick in my head, and it hurts. I would like to believe that I am not scared. But that single thing evades me like quicksand in your fists. The more I try to reassure myself, the more I lose it. I think I have to get back home before anything .And I have to do that silently, so no one notices. I would rather sneak out of the back door. Lest they catch hold of me.

Oh! Wait! Let me grab that doomed thing in my hands. And the keys to my Car?? HELL!! Where are they? Why on earth did they choose me! This! Here they are! My keys. No one’s watching. I have to make my way out of this place. I don’t want to see that wretched 

anymore. I think he knows I have this condition. I always knew something was wrong here. Ever since I have arrived, things are going haywire. I had never lost a wallet in the 48 years that I am alive and I lost it the first day here! All the money that I fed into them to avoid it has gone to nothing but waste.  And now this! Only GOD knows what lies inside this hell sent envelope!!  I want to throw it out of the rear window. Drive the fastest that I possibly can, and get out of reach. But I am scared of that too, I know it would find its way again, as it did today.

I don’t want to open it, but I’ll have to.There’s nothing that I can do now. I would have to do what’s required of me. But GOD knows I cant help falling sick. I know I have to do it just once, just this first time, cz I’ll never be seen alive again. Yes. In all probability. I’ll be killed.

I flip  the envelope open .

ELECTION COMMISSION OF INDIA

It asks me  to deputy him ,to see through a nearly impossible happy ending  to the polls in the region.It asks me to fight an already lost War.Something that has waged on since decades now!. I am expected to sit amongst  insane extremists armed with  Automatic Kalashnikovs, waiting in anticipation of a good headline Kill,  and make irrelevant notes to somebody who doesn’t give a damned about neither.The notes or me. And all this  to somebody who couldn’t save his wallet from a  silly street urchin! Oh such Hypocrisy!

My throat feels croupy. I drink a glass of water and read on.

“

.”

We hear a huge explosion somewhere, Is it the end? I am gasping for breath. I have two people over me. My senses betray me. My chest is numb. My eyes, I can barely open . An acute pain shoots my spine. I hear somebody saying it’s a landmine. But I am not afraid anymore. I am squeezed out of the vehicle. They are hitting me in my chest. It hurts now. I see the truck following us parked next to where I lie. I see people talking of emergency. I don’t want to die. I can smell blood and diesel all over me.

There are two people lying next to me. I don’t know if they are alive.  I can see the blue sky above, the clouds racing past my head.

__END__

