Short Story of a Boy – Life Ain’t Boring.

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story is about a boy who has faced a lot of trouble since the day he was born. As we all know India a place where it is really hard to find jobs and good education. This little boy born on the 9th month of the year was really different something unique. He was not blind neither he was deaf nothing was wrong with him and still he was unique but here the question is ‘How?”.

As he grew up he began to see the world but the world he saw was of fun and joy. He didn’t knew anything about the world out there. His mother had faced a lot of trouble to raise him and he also had a big brother. As time passed the world around him started changing but he,no he was still the same living his life with a smile and always having fun and laughing but as the time came around the world reacted to him giving him a hard time.

He usually used to fail a lot in his exams but no one really cared why he failed. His mother did not understand him and neither did his brother and then he realized that he was alone in this world with no one to understand him. However he passed his exams. he finished his 12th grade exams but from inside he was still a child. he used to see a lot of English shows on the fox channel and also a lot of manga’s.there was no one to encourage him. watching all these English and Japanese shows gave him strength to move forward in life. he didn’t care where the punches came to him to knock him down. He always had one thing in his mind since the day everyone gave up upon him.

‘To never give up and never give in’ on the people you love even if the people around him did. As time passed by in 2013 he found something really good. A warm feeling he never felt before.it was love but this feeling of love was really different for him because he never felt this feeling before.

He fell in love with a girl.the girl had a really beautiful name and she too loved him back and still does.the only thing is,its a really long distance relationship.she lives in Philippines and he lives in India but he had decided that he is going to get her no matter what happens.he also say’s life is not bad only the people who hate you make it look that way.

You see this guy he saw his life in a different way as now the people only see their life in money and all that and its true without money this world is really cruel. No wonder he never gave up on anything.right now he is training.he say’s he wants to become a boxer.to take care of his girlfriend,his family and himself.there are people still out there who are afraid to face the world and all they need is a really good support.

This is a real life story.

__END__

