Social Short Story – Fake Love

Short Story – Fake Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Swapnil was staying with his uncle Mr. Shabu Sen, those days in Pune, because of his job.

His uncle, a retired Cornell had saved a lot of money in his working days – at least so much that he still could be represented as a rich, well established man. But his luck was not that rich and so losing his wife and son in one accident was now staying alone in a big well furnished flat with two bedrooms, two halls, one dining room, two bathrooms, one kitchen. More than his age, he was becoming weaker because of his loneliness. He had all sources of entertainment in his flat like, TV, music system and others, but as known, these all seemed to be less in terms of driving in happiness during times of solitude.

So getting the news of Swapnil’s job in Pune, he almost at one shot ordered to stay in his flat and work, with the thought that, at least during Swapnil’s leisure hours, he would have someone to share his happiness and sorrow. Having no shortage of money and no successor, he welcomed Swapnil as his son and seen to it that Swapnil never felt shortage of anything. However Swapnil preferred to also give something in the family as he too was earning and that he had decided to stay with his uncle only to give him company.

Days were going fine and uncle seemed to have been gaining back his strength once more. But not too long when suddenly on one fine Sunday morning, a young chap knocked at their door. Swapnil took the pain of opening. However seeing Swapnil, the young boy was not too happy. He quickly started enquiring about his uncle. After sometime when uncle came to the hall, where the new guy was seated till now, the boy in a dramatic style just rose from the sofa and with soft steps started progressing towards Swapnil’s uncle with bits of tears in his eyes.

“Dad, now you please don’t say that you are not recognising your son. I had already lost my mom in the accident and few more years of your love as well, due to loss of my memory. Now that I have got back my memory, I remember everything. Are you still not able to recognise me?”

There indeed a tragic occurred with Swapnil’s uncle’s wife and son. After their death in an accident, none of their bodies were even in a condition for cremation, as told by localities.  So Swapnil started thinking that whether this chap is taking that little opportunity to play the role of his uncle’s son to get the whole lot of his property. As uncle has already lost interest in these.

Uncle then as time progressed started gaining in confidence and believed that this new guy was his son. He got various proves which this chap gave with finesse. Swapnil however was clever indeed and few of the new guy’s characteristics forced him not to believe. But he knew that it would be useless to tell those to uncle who almost now has started thinking himself to be the luckiest getting back his son. He didn’t want to hurt him.

Uncle on the other hand has now started wishing Swapnil to leave his flat and go and stay somewhere else. It’s not that Swapnil had greed for his uncle’s wealth, but it is the tension that he was surrounded with about the new chap hurting his uncle. He got so much of traits by which it could be understood that the new chap knows nothing about them, but only that much about the flat and few other things required for becoming the owner of this huge property. Asking him he used to always escape giving the excuse of his memory loss.

Swapnil thought he has to only save his uncle from this danger. One day he bought a fake will and placed on his table and went inside the bathroom. He knew very well that the boy is keeping a regular watch towards his room and seeing such a thing would be surely peeping in that. As thought it happened.

He took the will in his hand and started reading, “I Mr. Shabu Sen, am staying in this world just like a shadow to Mr. Paresh Khurana, who actually adopted me and gave me a life, other than which, I would not have had any identification as well. So I owe my life and everything related to that to him. So after my death my every property and wealth would be going to his family. It would be then that if he decides, he could give that to anyone he feels.”

Reading this Swapnil heard, the young chap just sat back on his cot with a bang and started whispering among himself, “I did a great mistake boss. That is why I think something is wrong. This uncle is not showing that much love. Because I am not his son. I am the son of Mr. Paresh Khurana.”

From next day that chap was never seen in the surroundings even. Swapnil described the whole thing to his uncle and started staying happily together once again.

__END__

