Today raksha’s birthday and her husband Amit was planning for a surprise party for her.

Raksha was a school teacher in the village after her marriage from last 2 years. She was an innocent woman and she did not allow herself to compromise with any bad decision. And she was always trying to wake up women in her village and suggesting always to talk against any exploitation.

Raksha was the meaning of  bravery among her village’s women. In her in-laws family she had five members along with her. Elder member was her husband’s big brother(samdev) and his wife(rama) and his only daughter(nikita).

Amit was waiting to come back  of Raksha from her school job. Amit asked everyone to hide in house inside. Suddenly someone knocked door and amit asked nikita to open door .

Next moment Raksha was inside home and she asked Nikita-‘where are all members dear.’

Then nikita replied –‘Aunty everyone gone outside for shopping’.

And then amit wished loudly ‘happy birthday dear’ and everyone came out and clapped with smile.‘Wow so nice of you,thank you so much amit’-raksha said to amit.

Suddenly one girl came to meet  raksha  and told –‘Raksha aunty  please come with me to my home my father is beating my mother and throwing her out of house’.

Raksha ran to the her house with that girl and soon, she started shouting to girl’s father as soon as she reached her house.

‘Hey stop it,don’t through her out,stop it else I will call police now..stop it ’- raksha shouted.

‘This is none of your business , do not interfere in my family matter, go away form here’. –girl’s father replied.

In between raksha called one of the women’s helpline and police. After 10 min police came to that place and took that man in their custody.

‘Take him in jail office , he is not human, his wife is pregnant and he is behaving like animal to her, he does not deserve to be in house with her ‘- raksha said with anger.

‘Don’t worry madam we will see this matter ‘-policeman replied and took him to police station.

‘Thank you raksha aunty ‘ small girl replied.

Meanwhile amit also came to raksha and said , ‘can we move raksha ?’

Raksha nodded and they came back home.

From next day Raksha was following her daily routine. Just two days later she felt someone was following her while coming back to school. She turned and saw no one was there.

She thought it may be confused and she continued walking, but after few moment again she felt someone following by someone.This time she did not turned back and started walking faster than before.

But next moment  three person stood in front of her,one of them then shot her there only.

And ran away.

She asked help but no one there to help her. When she didn’t reach at home at her regular time ,amit started searching her, her called in her school, her friends and he asked her brother’s wife also,but he did not get any information about her.

Then he went to police station and asked help from police station incharge. All they started searching her in police vehicle, suddenly a policeman saw a lady lying down on the road side,that moment amit was about to cry,his heartbeat was so high,he was praying to god to save raksha, and then they saw her, it was raksha, her full body and face was covered by blood.

Amit started crying, “no it’s not possible, how it happened, raksha please wake up, please Raksha, please wake up’.

But she didn’t woke up and finally police took her body to postmortem and it was all procedures done by police and then handed over raksha’s body to amit, and soon that murderer got arrested and jailed.

One years later amit got a letter mentioned that ‘raksha will be honoured by government for her services she performed for society.

–END–

