Social Story – A night to remember

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Uuugh Waking up to an alarm is one thing but waking up to a baby crying is another! If only it was a dream I’m not ready. I’m 17 still a teen I’m not even half way where I want to be that’s why today I’ve chosen to run away from it all maybe a few nights”, Anna said to herself.

A few hours passed Anna’s mom was woken up by baby Britney’s loud cries “Anna’ Anna?! Why is Britney crying so much?! Anna?! ARE YOU THERE?! OPEN THE DOOR!” ..

“Pete, Honey Come quick & bring the spare key to Anna’s room!”

“Oh my poor little baby but how? Why would she leave Britney like this?”

Anna’s stepdad replied “Because she’s careless! Irresponsible All YOUR daughter is good for is Sleeping around with half this town! Drinking & doing drugs, Elizabeth you need to put a stop to this!”

Elizabeth holding one month old Britney in her arms sobbed and slowly fell on her knees giving Britney a kiss on her forehead & said to Britney “I’m sorry little ones I’m sorry to let this happen I’m sorry I didn’t raise your mother right I promise to be there for you I promise to bring her back.”

Pete stood there looking not one emotion to his face “get up! Bring her back?! For what? My son gets home today from the university, he has a week off I don’t want to hear Anna’s name. I don’t want him to know its a shame what Anna has become I know we did the job I gave her my unconditional love & so did you! If my son asks Anna went to your mothers house we won’t go into details”.

Elizabeth got herself up didnt say a word started to look for little Britney’s clothes changed, & feed her & put her right to sleep. Not so far from there home there stood Anna outside her best friends house staring at his window but how could she get him to come out ever since his parents found out she was pregnant they didn’t want her around she walked down the block & and came right back. He had to come out at some point so she decided to wait by a tree where his parents wouldn’t see her.

4 hours passed & nothing. Suddenly she sees the garage door open up someone was leaving it was David’s dad he stopped & there went his mom. she waited a few minutes to make sure they didn’t come back. She ran to the door rang the door bell & knocked at the same time “David! David! Daaaavid! Open up!! ” finally she heard his voice “I’m coming!” “Come in, come in”.

As Anna walked in David threw himself to the couch “they finally let you out? Can you go to a house party? Or you have to be home soon?”.

Anna- “umm actually I just left, I left Britney on my bed & I just left.”

David- “you did what?! What the f**k is wrong with you? I can already see your mom coming out on the news.”

Anna- ” he was coming home! I over heard Pete he was coming home!”

David- “he? Who’s he?

Anna- ” Pete’s son Andy that’s who”

David – ” oh I see you don’t get along with him? Don’t you think your a little to old for this?”

Anna- ” you’ve asked me a hundred times who the father of Britney is well it’s him”.

David- “him? Well why don’t you fix things with him for the sake of Britney I mean he needs to help out did he leave you for another girl? We guys don’t appreciate the good women in our life come on Anna we are young & make mistakes”

Anna- ” how can I fix things with the man that raped me, he is thirty & has been raping me since I can remember he was my first kiss my first everything isn’t that just disgusting ! ”

David- ” What! But why didnt you ever tell me? What do you want to do?

Anna- “nothing , I can’t, I can’t hurt Pete, I can’t hurt my mom or Britney I just want to forget I don’t want to remember.”

David-“but Anna”.

Anna- “lets go to that party!”

David-“Alright it’s your call”

David’s parents left for the weekend so they decided to get ready at his house. David picked up his mattress & offered Anna a pill an ecstasy pill of course he offered to take one with her. David said ” come on at three we pop this baby 1,2,3! ” a few minutes passed and boom! They felt so good no one could wipe that smile out of there face.

Mean while Elizabeth stood by the living room window praying that Anna would get home safely. Pete enjoyed a conversation with his son avoiding to bring up Anna. Then Elizabeth heard loud music ran to the door it was David’s truck at full speed.

“Faster, Go Faster! Anna screamed ” It just feels so good! I feel like there’s fire in my vanes like they injected energy in me, it’s like I could bounce off the walls it’s like I could fly!”

David laughed looked at Anna and said “can you feel it everything is moving so slow its the effect of the pill.”

They didn’t realize the truck had ran out of gas the light went from green to yellow then red & they just sat there in the middle of the road when Anna turned right she saw some lights getting closer & closer she screamed But David laughed then the strongest force that ever touched there human life just went at them.

“Someone’s at the door” Elizabeth said. “How may I help you officer?”.

The officer responded “may I speak with the parents off Anna Jones”.

Elizabeth-“Im her mother is she okay? Did she get arrested?.

Officer-” ma’am I’m afraid a tragedy has struck your home Anna and young man were hit by a vehicle they both passed away I’m sorry my condolences go out to you & your family”.

Anna’s mother couldn’t take the pain her only child was gone. Andy offered a hand with Britney he offered to raise her as his own she accepted.

As Andy drove to a new city he looked at little Britney & said “you will be as beautiful as your mother & I will be there to enjoy that” with an evil look.

Elizabeth once back on her feet went into Anna’s room fixed it and while she moved furniture around she found Anna’s diary she read it and found out of the horrible events Anna had gone through right under her noise she then called the police made a report, tried to locate Andy & Britney but they were never found till this day she gives out flyers with the hope of one day seeing her granddaughter & saving her from that monster.

__END__

