Social Short Story – Wit to manage with a shortage of amount

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Swapnil went to a restaurant to have lunch. As he entered he saw another person of his office having supper there. They knew each other only by face, as to say, communications never happened between them. Seeing him, Swapnil gave a smile which was well acknowledged and greeted by a smile from that person as well. Swapnil tried to take a table close to him, but since all seats in that table were already blocked, he managed to get a chair in the next table. He was well having his food.

Swapnil also ordered few items, after whose arrival, he also became busy grabbing them in a hurry. Just after a couple of minutes, a phone call came in Swapnil’s cell. One of his friend was in great trouble and needed 500 rupees urgently. That friend was very close to Swapnil, and so Swapnil could not refuse him. But Swapnil had those 500 bucks only in his purse, which if he gives to his friend he could not pay his lunch bill.

The friend also needed that immediately and instead of asking whether Swapnil could lend that or not, rather asked where Swapnil is so that he could reach there and take the money immediately from him. Swapnil over a thought, told his friend to come and take the money from “Shivaji” restaurant. The call then was disconnected.

Now Swapnil has to play the trick he thought. He was again back taking his lunch, but at the same time kept a watch on the person of his office, who also was taking lunch in that restaurant. As and when he finished and was about to rise from his chair to go to wash room, Swapnil immediately said,

“Sir, we meet almost everyday and never ever did I take the interest to pay your bill. So today let me have that honour please. I would like to pay for you.”

To this the man had to say for courtesy, “Oh, no, how could this be possible..Thank you, so kind of you. I also never asked or paid for you. So today let me pay for you instead. Let me know if you are taking anything else.”

Swapnil knew, his trick clicked and never requested the second time to pay and agreed. But Swapnil promised that the next day they meet, it would be his turn to pay the man’s bill.

__END__

