Social Article – Facebook-a Replica of our Real Social Life

Photo credit: 

 from 

Don’t you think that Facebook is a replica of our real social life which is there with us before Facebook became popular.

In this article, I will show you how Facebook is a fast and small replica of our real social life.

Do you remember where did you first heard about Facebook? Well, I remember how I got to know about Facebook. I used to hear this word “Facebook” many times. I used to hear it from friends, TV, f.m. radio, etc. However, I didn’t try to give much care about it.

Then, when I went to open an e-mail account, I actually got to know about the word “Facebook”. It went to me as an advertisement link and it said “sign up for Facebook” and make friends. So, this was about how I became a Facebook user. Now, I am going to prove that our  real social world is very much like this  social networking website “Facebook”.

Logging in to the real social world means the way being the part of a public place such as school, college, office, party, etc. And after logging in to the real social world, we do our work, talk with our friends, have fun, play games or learn or get to know many things.

Chatting, as we all know is talking with each other like we message on Facebook or it is also called chatting if two or more persons talk with each other being online. It is like all the talking we do in school, college, office, party or any other public place, maybe gossiping or having a fun talk.

Let me explain how is sending friend requests in our real life. When we are present in any party or any public place, we find many people who seem interesting to us. Then, we go to them, talk to them, and try something to have another meeting or meetings with them or be friends with them. This is friend requesting in real life.

In our real life, we follow our favourite stars, shows, and other stuff by collecting information about them, watching shows, movies or news related to them.

In Facebook, we follow the same by clicking on the “Like” button of the required Facebook page.

We all know how we share stuff with others. Let me go through it.

For example, if I have bought a new watch, then I would show them to my friends likewise if I have any thought in my mind I would share with my friends. So, this is how we share stuff in our real life.

In Facebook, as we all know, we share stuff by clicking on the “share” button.

In real life, when we find something good or bad about some people or other stuff, then we compliment them or express our thoughts to them. And this is liking and commenting in real life. But in the social networking website about which we are talking about, we all know how to like or comment.

We play games in our leisure time. Those games may be indoor such as chess, carom, monopoly, etc. or outdoor ones such as cricket, football, volleyball, etc.

Like this, we play online games such as “clash of clans”, “criminal case”, “candy crush”, “ howzat cricket”, etc. on Facebook.

Blocking someone

Blocking a person in real life is avoiding that person or not talking with the person

In Facebook, blocking is done by clicking on the “block” button on the person’s profile page.

Logging out in real life means taking rest from the public or social stuff and giving time to yourself. In Facebook, as we all know how can log out by clicking on the “logout” button.

So, these things above prove that the social networking website, “Facebook” is a replica of our real social world.

–END–

