Social Short Story – Exhaustion Of Mind Has No Limits

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

College class in the morning and afterwards to MBA classes in the evening. Last two years have passed in the same manner.

Vidit returned to his room as he was frustrated and tired. In black dirty shirt and brown trousers, he opens the latch of the door and goes into the room. He keeps his bag on the wooden bed, opens the yellow colour bulb and circular fan. He scatters the books on the old wooden almirah. In the hot humid room he thought about the decisions he has taken in the past and what impact have these changes made on his career and what next he must take to escape from them.

Vidit, a bookworm who used to study a lot for his exams relaxed keeping his hands on his forehead, closed his eyes and pulled out his T-shirt. The light went out and in the darkness he remembered the days of college where he was in football team and won the college finals. As he picked up his tiffin box kept at the door, he doesn’t even realises that learning cooking is a necessity.

He realised that college days are over and only a few days are left for final MBA exam. Studying through Internet he solves tough questions. 6-8 hours a day late till night up till 3 in the morning he studies hard.

He said,” World of money. I come .”

Getting higher amount of salary and packages is all that matters to him in this corporate world.

The other boys tried to stop him saying,” You study too much, you are mad, just look at you, you have no etiquette and manners.”

He slapped the door behind and said,” Go to hell you low quality IQ level morons don’t you ever indulge with me.”

Frustrated, irritated and exhausted, he slept over his arms on the table. His muscles inside the head are cracking. Even while sleeping he is thinking about books. At last the day has come. Fire in is head and with dirty coloured yellow pants. He wore his stinking socks and shoes. His head full of tensions as he grabs up a black, a blue and a pencil in his pocket.

He walks as if he is unstoppable. Sitting on the examination seat after tolerating the hot wind of the auto and documentation verification process at the examination centre, he thought about heavy preparation he has done over the past few months. The clock ticks as the exam starts, first of them is geometry, second of trigonometry and many others until the tough ones have arrived.

He sits with patience as 20 minutes pass away with no questions solved. Tasting the sour drop of sweat from the nose which came from forehead. He thought accuracy is more important than wrong answer. With just a few moments left he tried to solve as many questions as he can. Feeling unsatisfied with his performance. As he keeps his pen-pencil in his pocket. Pushing harder his legs to launch his long butt in upward direction, he moves towards the washroom. Seeing his reddish face, and washing it with water, Still thinking what would he answer about his mad behaviour over the past few months. Hungry and committed for the next attempt for the examination, he walks out from the examination hall towards a near by beer shop.

He thought,” The day will come again when I will rule and the world will fall. The robotic head will win over the emotional heart. The Devil of the dark forces would win the battle. ”

He returns to home and sleeps.

–END–

