Social Short Story – A Prostitute Rewarded by an Honest Man

Photo credit: 

 from 

Meera, a prostitute, 19 years in age. Her work is doing sexual relationship with man for money. From rickshaw puller to business man, she make sexual relationship with everyone for money. Meera has two daughters. Meera is educated and very poor, may be that’s the reason, she is a prostitute. Meera usually work at night. Meera’s charges is 500 per hour.

Meera has a shattered home where she lives with her two daughters. Her husband was died in a road accident two years ago.since then Meera has to take care of her daughters alone. Meera usually work at night when her daughters were sleeping.

One day Meera was fall in sick badly. her physical condition was so bad that even she couldn’t move her single finger.two days have passed. Meera was lying on the floor.there was nothing in her house for eat.her daughters were crying for food badly.after a while a man came to meera. meera thought the man as a customer.

Meera said to the man,” I can’t go. I am not feeling well today.”

The man was shocked by her words. because he was not a customer. he is a shop-keeper who lives in the next house where meera lives. after hearing meera,the man was shocked for a moment.

Then the man said,”I am not a customer. I  am your neighbor. Actually i didn’t see you for last two days.that’s why i came to see you.”

Meera really surprised with his words.then meera asked him,”do you know who i am? i am a prostitute.”

the man reply, “yes i know.but i love you.”

Meera asked with surprise,”what?”

the man said,”when i saw you first i was fall in love with you.but i could not tell you because you had a husband.but after death of your husband you are really shattered.that’s why i couldn’t tell you.because i was so scared to saw you in that moment.now when i finally take decision to tell you about my love,you are not going outside.that’s why i came to you.”

After listening the man, meera started crying.the man asked her why she is crying?

Meera said,i am a prostitute.everyone hates me,this world hates me.but you…”

then the man said,”it was not your fault.situation makes you a prostitute.”

Meera then smile with happiness and said to the man,it is the best reward and will be the best reward in her life.then they married each other and live happily with their daughters.

__END__

