Social Short Story – A Detroit Woman

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Olivia, a woman, lived in Detroit, USA. She had great dreams, but had no hope of fulfilling them. She went to Galleria, Exhibitions and movie theaters, and lived her life to the fullest. She was married to Ronaldo of a busy place called Washington Square. They were very happy and loved each other.

One day, when they were feeling bored and lethargic, they decided to go to a park named Serra. There were many people in the park, children too. An attractive woman passed by them, while they reclined on the park bench.

“May I know your names please?”

Ronaldo suddenly came from illusion and replied “Yes, I am Ronaldo and this is Olivia”.

Olivia who was not speaking very much also replied with ease, “Pleased to meet you. I have never seen you before in this park”.

The woman was attractive and replied ”I am Carmine. I was working in the Television lately. Just stopped here to see this park. Oh! See you later!”

Thus saying the woman went in her Matiz car. Tina got up from where she was sitting and said, “Yeah my dream is also of the same kind”.

Ronaldo consoled her “ Let’s not worry on this matter and go near the bridge”.

They stood on the bridge for some time. It was their favourite spot. There were lights from buildings and sky was shining. They went back to their home in Detroit.

They came back and Olivia served him tea and biscuits. They had supper after some time. Tina discussed on putting up a party to which Ronaldo agreed. It got starry that night and they dreamt of the same ambition.

The party was up, all arrangements were done and they both did a ballroom dance. Then there was a large celebration, the men and women were dressed nicely. The shimmer of the party dazzled in the hall and Olivia went to a room to change her dress and looked in the mirror. “Ah, this is the life “.The party was over and everyone was going back.

They were happy after the celebrations. Olivia remembered that she could become a “star” in the future if Ronaldo and her sons wanted her to. She was an introvert, narrow-minded, but she was good-looking, so she thought she could make it to the glamour world.

They thought that they will go somewhere next. Olivia’s cousin Bonnie was living in Los-Angeles. He studies there and takes up classes. Olivia and Ronaldo would go there and live and would go for shopping. Their life was fun-filled and frolic. After a week or two, they became ready for a trip to Los Angeles with their sons. They reached their cousin’s place. Olivia and Ronaldo were cheerful and surprised when they saw Bonnie in a new way they had never seen before. He was busy with his lessons at class. After a light dinner, the couple decided to go for shopping at the beautiful place.

Olivia was dressed in purple clothes and Ronaldo in a brown suit. Olivia put on nice attractive jewelry when they were going to the place. She remembered her Detroit home, at how oddly they were living there but forgot it soon. They shopped that day in the busy streets with shops. They took a car on on rent. Their Volvo car was very fine-looking. They spent a few hours in those fashionable shops. When they returned, Olivia wore a nightwear, and soon they were fast asleep as it was too late.

The next day morning Olivia woke up. Ronaldo was asleep. Olivia looked in the mirror, she looked really very beautiful. She decided she could act and perform well at stage. After her morning tasks, she heard a doorbell. She went near the door and opened it. She got a gift and on the gift was written a name Drake. She remembered Drake was a person she saw yesterday. “Ah! What a surprise! She cried aloud “Bonnie!” and opened the gift anxiously. In them she saw perfumes, cream and make-up. For once she felt she was beautiful. She showed them to Ronaldo. Both of them were full of joy. She wanted to go to Detroit home soon. She got ready in a blue dress which was pretty-looking. Ronaldo replied, ”That’s a lovely dress!”. They packed up their bags and drove home in a taxi.

When she reached Detroit, everything was calm and pleasurable. She read the newspaper to find a big column which read. “ Wanted Actors and Actresses for a lead role”. She was slightly overjoyed. She threw all things in the room with happiness. “Yeah, I am really happy today!” She took out one of her pictures in which she looked beautiful. This one was snapped in Los Angeles. She used this picture to apply for the Ad. “Oh! I am so lucky!” “Yes”, replied Ronaldo.

Days passed. But, yes, Olivia sure got an opening. She got a mail for an interview of an actress in the lead role. It was dated ‘1-2-2018’. She attended the interview and got the job.

The shooting began and she was the role model of the film named ‘Shining Star’.There wew pictures of her put up in Detroit where she lived. Thus, she became an actress in the film in the film industry.

Olivia’s life was an example to every woman in Detroit. They should never lose hope and continue to do things that would lead them to success.

__END__

