Social Short Story – Paradise Now

Social Short Story – Paradise Now

I opened my eyes. I wonder because everything doing very abnormal. No one come to be my spectacle. I can see mere dark. One moment i supposed ‘am i became numb?’.

I see something likes dark but it seemed to be illusion. I feel moving direction less. Is it an earth quake?. I observe around but nothing besides me. I think about to be angry and tries to be that but i couldn’t. At least the word ‘angry’ seemes very odd to me. I closed my eyes for a brief time and open. Suddenly some beems of light reflected my eyes from somewhere. It’s origin seems from the above.

I rised my head and looked upwards then i can see something twinkling there. The twinkle looks very very aloof from me.I sure it isn’t the star because it is bigger than the stars and sometimes the brightness of the light decrease too.I feel moving again exactly.I try to diverte my legs but i couldn’t.I don’t feel any kind of faint.It seems impossible to predict my status.

Several times later i stare again upwards and then wondered.The twinkle is very much beneath than before, I see obviously. I grabed my hands around me but i can’t touch anything. When i tries to be more angry or anything like that i became very cool more than before.I couldn’t feel this heal before.I observe myself i can see my body now like a shadow.I can’t touch anything and can’t see anything except me and the twinkle above me.But i could realize that i am carrying.I don’t know what is going on around me.

Once again i gaze towards upwards with uncertainly.Then i shocked cause the twinkle is very beside me.It is not a twinkle now it looks like a path, the way of outside.

I think, ‘Am i in the underworld?’.

It is beyond the power of my sense.One fact i certain now,I am moving but i don’t know by what.At the time i see some usual sooth with more and more obviously that was some clouds.Pure white clouds.They are flowing and caress in the air.Then i came up than the lightless world.I looked downwards after.Then i frightened i am flowing in the air now.I can’t believe this.I don’t know how i can stand on the air.But i can’t see anything there.

There is naughty my coming path is vanished too.One moment my thoughts are collapsed.But endlessly i have been carrying to anywhere seems something taking me.I tried to tramp forward. But i can’t restrain my legs.Several times later i looked again beneath.I can’t behold anything obviously except the clouds.A kind of beems spread everywhere they makes along the place more graceful and refine.I never feel any kind of faint.What a miracle is it?,I wondered.

I couldn’t see any place like this.The clouds are moving quickly downwards or i am moving versus them.I reaches an open place after a long time.There have a few number of clouds.One moment later i can see something in very before.Their shape such human.But i can’t see their face.They are not such me.Likes white smoke.Then someone began to move towards me.I feared and puzzled.When it reaches very beside me I see the face.

It is a girl.She came very aside of me and stare at my face.I never see any person like her in my entire life.Her face is shining than others.At first i could not see her or i didn’t realise the colour of hers.Because it is beyond the power of my eyes.Then she cupped my hand and began to go upwards.I can’t utter any word.The tranquility of the place quite perplexed me.

I can smell a kind of fragrant from her.I never feel it before.Then i see a white shadow on her both shoulders.That seemed wings and it moving very quickly.I tried to touch my hands but not yet.It likes a fantasy although i feel myself.I don’t realise that, how could she hold me?.She never looks at me once again.She has a profound beauty of attraction.I was being fascinated by her.I feel weightless.I think that i became the smoke.She has been moving to upwards me too with very quickly.

Everything has a perfectness.Have no at least a bit of false.It bewildered me.Some times later she put me down beside of a chair.I stand still there.Then some thinks came rapidly to my mind Such the lighting.I can remember a bit of my past.I think it is a paranormal capability.A large amount of thoughts passed across my mind.When i was in my house with my be lovers. I was with them more and more time..when i have pain and my mind was fully satisfaction.I don’t know what i did..And i can’t remember.I see them with my partial blind eyes.

When i couldn’t move my legs and couldn’t see anything obviously.Then began to wrap my eyes with dark.My thoughts shattered at that time such an explosion.

I can’t remember anything after that.Suddenly I arise from the thoughtful moments.Now.. Now I know the fact with a dread that I am a dead man.The girl..She is standing by me.I try to move my legs without sense but i can do it.I have no idea how i could move my legs.I sit on the chair and gaze forward.Then i see someone is sitting before me whose body extremly shining than others.I know the man.He is not a man, he is the one,the only one.

__END__

