There were green fields between the Forrest and the hills. Some houses made of mud, not so perfect, as everyone made his own himself. But above all there was air of peace, there was calmness and serenity. Although they had little but all they had was enough for them to satisfy their hunger and fulfill there needs.

The people were quite friendly and courteous. No schools, no religion but still they had the ability to show up in today’s modern society. They had no concept of Rich or poor, no money or gold discovered yet they were living a sort of perfect life because they knew how to make the most from their own natural resources. But, there was a person in that village, Jimmy Tong,who was not contented. Jimmy was not satisfied with what he had, he wanted to get more,more and more. His wife, Dometra, told him many times, indeed all the time that he should not be greedy, but he never paid attention to her advice and flew the words away.

One day Jimmy went to the forest to get something to eat, he found an old man lying unconscious there, he took him home. At night, when the old man was resting,something very shiny and bright fell out of his pocket, Jimmy reached and grabbed it. All the night he kept thinking what it could be.Looking at it,he thought it might be a piece of star fell out of the sky.

The next morning, when the old man awake,Jimmy asked the old man impatiently, “what is that thing?”.     The old man at first hesitated as he could see darkness of his heart in his eyes,but when Jimmy insisted,the old man told him that it is a very valuable metal called gold.It could make every single person of that village rich,he further told him that he knew of one place which is full of gold.Tong asked him where is that place. ” I’ll tell you” the old man said “if you assure me not to tell anyone else and try not to get there”.

Jimmy nodded and promised the old man that he would rather die.So the old man told him.The next day Jimmy accused the old man of stealing and the villagers banished him out of village.The old man after moving some steps,looked at Dometra telling that he knew she was good at heart and she could do something to save her husband and other villagers from this” golden devil”.

Dometra said to Jimmy “you should not have done that,I never expected that from you.The old man trusted you.When will you end this up?when will you be like others?” Jimmy looked at her furiously and said “never” then he left the house.

Jimmy gathered somepeople under  the shade of tree.He somehow convinced them to go to that place and get all the gold.He ensured them that it will be distributed equally, in them.Dometra looked at him with tears in her eyes, she wanted to say something but her mouth remained open.

They left for that place,when they reached there they saw gold and gold everywhere. They took as much as they could with them.They asked Jimmy to divide it in them.But he said”Oh,my dear friends,I know I told you that it’ll be divided but,I lied.I am keeping this all to me “.

” so,this is it”one of them said hitting a small stone on the ground, “This is how it is going to end,you can’t fly away with this we won’t let you.”

They started fighting for it,in the blindness of gold they destroyed their village and killed everyone, nor they themselves remained alive.

The one person now breathing in the silent air of that village was Dometra. She was watching her husband’s deceased body.she took all the gold and buried it under the ground.She encarved it on a stone “You deserve to be here, you may be bright yourself but spread darkness in others,you are a golden devil”.

–END–

