Social Story – What went wrong that evening ?

Photo credit: 

 from 

I still remember that most unforgettable day of my life….

Vikram and I were working on a presentation that we were to submit the next day…it was a very important project for us and we had decided to put in all out efforts in making it work…. All through the day we just didn’t think about anything else and gave our cent percent to work. In fact, we had even forgotten to have our lunch….by the end of the day…we both were completely exhausted…but still were feeling happy that the presentation was all ready ….though we were tired but the feeling of a work done kept us light and happy… we both decided to take a break.

I wanted to go out to a nice place for a couple of drinks …but somehow Vikram wasn’t game for the idea of getting drunk and wanted to leave…..but I was very sure …he wanted to spend time with his fiance… I did understand his feelings……the whole day he couldn’t answer to any of her calls…I agreed and relieved him…and I too decided to go back home and rest…next day was The Day for us!

It was around 7 in the evening and after a long time I was going back home so early…interesting! We hugged each other and wished luck to each other for the big day and we split.

Vikram left for Indraprastha Metro station where he meets his girl every evening after office…..his most romantic place as he calls it. Its been almost one year I have been seeing them doing this every day without fail ….and as routine, he was on the way to see her again on his romantic spot…. she was there waiting for him and they both chilled out for a while before she took her metro to Dwarka…

She stays in Dwarka in her sisters house….and works in Gurgaon….but then why Indraprastha Metro station? …… no one has the reply for this……..its all her love for Vikram that makes her take all those stress in traveling so far and go back so far every single day.

Vikram stays in Indirapuram, Ghaziabad….again not so close….he too in fact takes the same amount of time to reach home, like his fiance. And their routine was that they kept speaking to each other over the mobile even when they were traveling back home from the station…..

But then today was a bit unusual.

She wasnt feeling well and he too was totally stressed out, so they decided to leave early and therefore, they departed early. But still they continued talking while traveling …..they usually share the entire days happening to each other and also not to forget the love talks…

but then today for Vikram it was actually too hectic….firstly his stressful day and then the traffic on the way was too heavy today….moving quite slowly. At the other end…she was moving as usual….their talks continued….and in a while she reached the station…..but she decided to get down at Sector 13 stop….. while she usually gets down at the Dwarka Mor station….maybe she must have got carried away in her talks with Vikram…Sometimes when you keep going along the flow of life.. you never realize what life has in store for you….. surprises??.. you never know….

But then she had decided to get down at sec 13 because Vikram was still on his way struggling through the traffic and she thought she gets more time to talk to him than usual. I guess that was the reason…..anyways….moving ahead ….Vikram had just reached half way through and was now in the highway traffic…

She got out of the station …..the roads were isolated…no rickshaws around….she started PANICKING….Vikram consoled her and asked her to relax and stay cool and wait for a rickshaw……she carried on chatting with him and was looking around for one and she was lucky to find one…she quickly rushed to the rickshaw guy and got into it and asked him to take her to Sector 6 ….where she stays… and all this while she was interpreting every moment to vikram….she realized that the rickshaw puller was drunk….she Panicked again…as he was riding it haphazardly…but then she didnt have a choice…. She was afraid from within…..isolated and unlit roads and a drunk rickshaw puller…..she didnt have any other choice than keeping herself engrossed in her talks with Vikram….

By now Vikram was also a little tensed with the scene …….but he tried to keep cool so that she doesnt panic more. While they were talking……a call centre cab…looked like a Tata Qualis rushed towards the rickshaw and started slowing down….she got afraid…and asked the rickshaw puller to keep riding and not stop……but then the cab moved fast and stopped a little ahead of the rickshaw…she was shocked to see this…..she was on her peak of fear……and she started panicking a lot and here Vikram was also worried and couldnt do anything else other than instructing her on phone…..

The rickshaw puller was nearing the cab and the cab again started moving…..somehow the guy managed to pull his cycle ahead of the cab……but then again the cab started closing the rickshaw…..she didnt know what to do….she was too afraid…….and was screaming on the phone…and when the cab now stopped the rickshaw puller….she screamed at him saying….”bhaiyaa, aap please mat rukiye…..” Vikram could hear all these conversations and was also by now getting panicked….he was not even able to concentrate on his driving…..was merely trying to understand and try solving the situation….but what in the world could he have done….

The cab now forcibly stopped the rickshaw…… she screamed again “aap humaara raasta kyun rok rahe ho…..” and that’s it… then the phone got disconnected…..

Vikram lost his control……he kept trying the number again and again but it was not reachable…….he was so tensed that he didn’t realize he was driving on a heavy traffic road……and that too between those horrifying trucks that move in the night……and then he banged into a 40 ft trailer carrying heavy metal rods protruding out from the back. The Rods were hanging so low that it hit the windscreen and pierced through the inside of the car……at least 8 of them…..all of them even came out from the back screen ….one of them pierced through his forehead ….and Vikram died on the spot!

Having no idea about this tragedy… his girl was in the rickshaw… unaware of what a turn her life had already taken ….paying the rickshaw guy 20 bucks…she had reached home SAFELY…she just wanted to rush into the house and get her phone battery charged…..it had got SWITCHED OFF while having a chat with Vikram….she wanted to tell him about the irony that she had just gone through…the cab driver had lost his way searching for an address and wanted either one of them to guide him so he stopped to ask as he could only find this rickshaw on the road……

 So after reaching home she just kept trying his number N number of times….little did she know that he was now NOT Reachable Forever…..

There is a saying “whatever happens …happens for good!” …but is it always true …in this case I would say… NO… I lost my friend… she lost her love… but I still wonder and keep asking myself… why it all happened… is it because they departed early… or is it because they used to talk while traveling…or was it because of the episode that took place in Dwarka… or was it something else???….

Tell me guys …what went wrong that evening?

__END__

