Munu swamy made it big in business so he spent money buying a piece of land in the city outskirts (Visakhapatnam rural) and built a 3 -storey farm house. He had an impressive swimming pool in the garden with a 100-year-old Mango Tree in the backyard to boot. In fact, he bought the property precisely because of this tree. His wife loved eating mangoes.

During renovations, his friends urged him to get guidance from a 

 just to thread on the side of caution. Munu swamy never quite believed in vastu yet surprising he took the advice to heart and went out of his way to engage a vastu pandit from Hyderabad. The pandit was none other than Dr.Veera Reddy who’s been in the profession for 30+ years, renowned in the vastu sastra. They had a meal in Vizag then Munu swamy drove the vastu pandit to the rural Visakhapatnam. Along the way, when cars behind them tried to overtake, Munu swamy would simply give way.

The pandit laughingly remarked: “Swamy garu, your driving is really safe.” He spoke really fluent Telugu accent for someone from Telangana.

 Munu swamy laughed at the remark: “Usually people who need to overtake have some urgent matter to attend to, so we shouldn’t hold them up.”

Arriving at a small town Vizianagaram the streets grew narrow and so Munu swamy slowed down.

 A giggling child suddenly came out from side lane and as the child ran across the street, Swamy still didn’t speed up. Instead, he kept his look on the lane, as if waiting for someone. Suddenly, another child came out, chasing after the child ahead.

Dr. Reddy was surprised and asked: “How did you know there’d be another child following suit?”

 Swamy smiled: “Kids are always chasing after each other so it’s impossible for a child to be in such glee without a playmate.”

 Dr.Reddy gave him a big thumbs up and laughed out loud: “That’s really considerate of you!”

Arriving at the farm house, they got down from the car. Suddenly about 7 to 8 birds flew off from the backyard. Seeing so, Swamy told Pandit: “ If you don’t mind please wait here for a little while.”

 “What’s the matter?” Pandit was taken aback.

 “Oh, there’s probably some kids stealing mangoes in the backyard. If we walk in now we might give them a fright, let’s not risk anyone falling off the old Mango Tree.” Munu swamy replied humorously.

Pandit Veera Reddy stayed silent for a while before making a statement: “This home doesn’t need a Vastu treatment anymore.”

 Now it’s Swamy’s turn to be shocked: “Why’s that?”

 “Any place graced with your presence naturally becomes the property with the most auspicious Vastu.”

When our minds prioritise others’ peace and happiness, the one who benefits is not just others, but ourselves too. When a person is considerate of others at all times, then this person has unconsciously accomplished sainthood. The saint is in fact a person who through benefiting others become enlightened.

–END–

