Social Short Story – Evening Pocket Fair

Short Story Social – Evening Pocket Fair

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Swapnil, who used to work in a field far away from his house, was returning home in the evening, after whole day’s tiring work. It was winter season and he was noway in a mood to walk the whole distance to his house like other days. He was tired but unlike other days he was unable to tolerate the cold air that was touching him through the holes of his only old shawl. He was shivering badly. But how could he go home then?

The only way was the last buffalo cart that goes his way. He decided he won’t try out any other option. But how could he even avail that cart. It costs him almost 5 rupees while he checked he has only 3 rupees in his pocket. So how could he get those 2 more rupees. Would the cart driver consider his 2 rupees? From Whom would he get, or even if required at least borrow for today. He was thinking and thinking when he could not get any way out.

He was slowly moving to the point from where the cart would start, thinking he would get a solution to this or else would even fall on the cart driver’s feet asking to consider him those 2 rupees. The sight of all shops being closed early made him remember his tiredness once more. The keepers as well went early to get rid of this winter. As he was progressing he suddenly heard some noise. As he drew nearer he was able to identify that a shop is still open and one customer not pretty happy with something was quarrelling with the shopkeeper. He just ignored that and went on.

He has not got a solution and had almost made up his mind to convince the cart driver after reaching the point from where the cart would start. The cart is yet to arrive and there was not a single person waiting for the cart except him..He found no other way than to wait. Suddenly one man came behind him and started waiting for the cart. Swapnil continued to glare at the well suited and booted man. He was trying to recollect where he saw this man. The moment he remembered a trick came to his mind.

He said to the man, “Sir the cart would take some more time to arrive. So why don’t we play some game till then to simply pass the time if you don’t mind.”

The man said “Not a bad idea. So what game would you like to play?”

Swapnil continued, “Sir, how about if we check how much do each of us know about the other as a person?”

“So you mean each of us would ask the other one something about himself and the other has to answer that?”

“Yes Sir, you are absolutely correct. But Sir, to make the game more interesting why don’t we bring some monetary factors into play?”

“I have no problem. So how would you like the deal to be? Pay when can’t answer or pay when the other answers correctly and also how much?”

“Sir we could pay 1 rupee per question. But the other one I would leave to you. Better you decide. But to compensate that I would like to keep one more constraint in the game.”

“Ok then lets pay if the other answers correctly. Now how bout your constraint? What’s that?”

“Sir both of us have to ask the same question for the other. It is then only one’s capability could be well judged on same field. How do you feel sir?”

“I am fine with this”, the man said after a pause thinking that when I don’t know about this man any bit, how come he would know much about me. This game would be of no use except that we would know each other a bit better. None is going to earn anything either. Swapnil must be in a plan to become more popular like this.

Swapnil said, “Ok then Sir let me begin.”

“Sure”

“What is my name?”

“Sorry I dont know. How about you. Do you know my name either?”

“Yes Sir I do!!! You are Sambhu!!!”

The man was stunned. He quickly took out one 1 rupee coin from his pocket and gave it to Swapnil.

“Thank you Sir!!!Next question for you Sir..here it comes!!!Where do I stay?”

The man’s answer was still the same. “I guess you wont be knowing this one at least for me”

“No I do Sir!! You stay in Majhipara!!! Am I right Sir?”

“You are indeed!!” He took out one more 1 rupee coin from his pocket and gave to Swapnil.

In the meantime the cart arrived. There were none else other than Swapnil and the man. They both got up. But the man was thinking all the way but could not see any possibilities about how could Swapnil know so much about him. At last when Swapnil was getting down after paying the cart driver, the man could not resist anymore and asked Swapnil,

“How did you know so much about me?”

Swapnil replied, “Sir do you remember that before reaching the point from where the cart starts, you were standing in one shop and quarrelling with the keeper. Sir I had no intention to listen to what was going on there. But unintentionally I got to overhear one thing. You were shouting like “Don’t ever try to cheat Sambhu of Majhipara!!!” I just looked at you that time, but you might not have noticed me then Sir. I was passing from there.”

__END__

