Short Story Social – MURDERERS

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Will you marry me?”

Javed asked me the hundredth time and I too felt that his love for me is true for we have been childhood friends; best friends forever and it was not a bad idea spending life with a person who is your best friend, who understands you and who has always been there for you.

Javed was a spoiled brat of a rich family but something inside him always attracted me towards him. There was a sweet innocent heart with no sin, no gaming but very pure and true

“Yes Javed I’ll marry you” I told him and that was the biggest mistake of my life.

We were married happily. It was definitely the biggest event in the city. Our families were very happy. Everything was going good until I found something very wrong going in there.

Javed, who was now my husband, my soul mate, my life partner and in simple words my only world, was an alcoholic. Well I knew this already but then one day when he was out for one of his late night business parties he did not return. NO he didn’t die but he never returned to me, to my life. My in-laws threw me out of the house in his absence, threatened to kill me and my family and even Javed if I ever returned back to the house or to him. I was very much frightened so I did the same.

Why did they do this to me? Because unfortunately I shared a secret of their unlawful inhuman sin. They were partner in crime of girl abortion. They told me that my first child was aborted because that would have caused me death but those bloody murderer lied to me. Later I came to know that the child was aborted because it was a girl child. It was a mere money-making business for them but for me I felt as if I have been murdered.

They did not even care for Javed for he was their adopted kid and Javed was unaware of everything, of the crime. He was made addicted to alcohol so that he would never investigate about this.

After my exit from the house I came to know that they told Javed that I had the left house because I had an affair and a month later I heard the drastic news of Javed’s death. The reason was told be the excessive addiction of alcohol but I knew that he was not killed because of alcohol but he was murdered. Those murderers, his brutal parents killed him.

My whole world collapsed and my life was ruined.

I decided to end up my life too but NO, this was not the solution. I had to save some lives. Those innocent girls who were yet to come in this world and I had to punish those murderers. Murderers of my husband, my best friend and my unborn child.

I filed a case against them and proved in court that they were the criminals, devils and uncovered them before everyone. They were punished.

But I think the mission is not yet complete; there are still girls who want to live their life, let’s continue this mission till the sin is not over.

__END__

