So this was it. People. Working. Families. Passions. I saw the shiny hair products lined up in front of me. The woman manicuring her already perfectly manicured nails while at the same time i realised that the winged eyeliner and mascara could only do so much do hide her emotions. She knew that while she was trying to distract herself from reality and make herself feel pampered, her son was probably getting stoned somewhere, her husband working nights on something she doesnt like to think about much. Then there was the receptionist who tried so hard to lure people in with his charming smile and gentle eyes. But then he knew that today he needed the money more than ever.

There was me. I cut my already ear length hair shorter because sometimes i feel that even though hair is necessarily just dead cells, they remember things. The bad things , the good ones, who ran their hands through it and all the hard work. Its been through the worse. And i feel if you want to move ahead, you have to let go of your hair. At least. Its a small start but a start nonetheless. Then as i saw the squeaky clean floor i wondered how much effort it took to maintain this decor. The wooden panels surely werent a piece of cake until i saw this young man sweeping relentlessly as if its the only thing keeping him alive right now.

It was as if with each sweep, he deleted a memory, as if each sweep got him closer to his dreams of cutting that beautiful womans hair and as he mentally thought how the hair stylist in the corner was getting it all wrong and it was he who should have been there, he knew patience would pay.

‘What the f

king idiot ma?’ Screamed her daughter. Her mother still smiled through her welled eyes . Her daughter had to wait 5 mins for her appointment because her mom wanted to get her eyebrows done. At that moment, the rage in her eyes and the sorrow in her mother’s was the loudest conversation in the room.

 This was a beauty salon.

 For grooming yourself.

 For calm and peace.

Tell me, do you feel better now?

–END–

