Social Short Story – Change (Part-1)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mehak was a school teacher in a private school. Her parents were busy in searching her life partner with the help of their family pandit , named, Ramakant Shastri but Mehak was in love with her colleague Mahesh, who also liked her and a teacher in her school. Both belong to the same communities. But in our society, parents want to marry their daughter with their own choice because nobody thinks that daughter are also a human being and as a human being, daughters have right of freedom to select their life partner.

One day, Mehak told about her love to her parents. Her parents got angry and began to doubt on her character. Mehak tried to make them understand that she didn’t spoil their image in the society because she never gone on dating with him otherwise she can do court marriage with him or can stay in live-in relationship with him but parents couldn’t understood her feelings.

They told their family pandit for her life partner as soon as possible because people think that daughters can settle in her life after marriage. Mehak was in the trap of her parents but she couldn’t protest them because girls have no right to protest against her parents for her marriage in our society and nobody can favour them , if they want to protest which is a kind of mental torcher.

Mehak met with her close friend, Reena, who knew about her love in the school and both decided to show the real image of the society to her parents. Priests always protest against love marriages and court marriage to keep their shops open in the society and many girls sacrifice due to these rites.

With the passage of time, Shastriji (her family pandit) came at her house for her match-making. Her family pandit was greedy in nature because her father was a businessman who can spend a lot of money either for her horoscope or her match-making by Shastriji.

One day,Shastriji came to her home with some matches.

What happened after that? Shastriji forced her parents or Mehak changed the mentality of her parents?

###

(–To be continued)

