Short Story Social – WHEN DREAMS COME TRUE

Photo credit: 

 from 

I attended the technical school which was located along the Metallurgical Institute, which was one of the most important distinguishing marks of Zenica (Bosnia and Herzegovina) where they were employed top researchers of different specialties.

It was an institution, for many unattainable.

Only the best have had the opportunity to work there and be a part of that world. I knew during the major school breaks, from the window in front of my classroom, almost jealously watched the employees of the Institute how walked in white coats  through a beautiful park that was the pride of this institution, but also of the whole city. Of course, I could only dream that I join them in the future and be in that environment.

I never thought that my dreams become reality.  I had all kinds of dreams before too, and I do not remember that they have realized. This was more than a dream, much more.

After high school, realizing that I do not have the financial possibilities to enroll the desired faculty, I thought the first to get a job, and study leave for later.

Whenever I had a problem or dilemma about school, I turned to the step-brother who was instead a father and he had never been difficult to do anything for me. That’s what I did this time. I told him of my intentions, but fearing that do not indicate the wrong move, he consulted with his friend (later I found out that it was the Director of the Institute).

He suggested me to accept a scholarship Institute. As an excellent pupil, no problem I could get a scholarship, but I have to enroll in the field of metallurgy. That’s what attracted me no way!

It took a decision. I’m not sure I have thought long time. I listened to my step-brother. I accepted a scholarship and enrolled in college, though not one that I wanted, but I got the hope that after graduation I work at the Institute, of which I  could only dream previously. I know that many have dreamed about it, and that’s me, the opportunity arose.

Of course, later, after the end of the study, it realized. There’ve been employed.

How I felt wonderful working at the Institute, side by side with top experts in the field of metallurgy, physics, mathematics, and even more importantly, the Academician – dr.prof. Kemal Kapetanovic, who was the head of this institution.

I met with him during my studies. He was my professor, and he knew every one of his students, especially those who were scholars of the Institute. He followed their work during their studies, providing expert advices and pointed out the error. In a way, he forced them to be good, the best! It was an honor to know this man, and you can think what it must be a feeling that he is your a professor and later the director! A lot of things I learned from him, for the short time that I spent at the Institute when he was alive.

Unfortunately, he died early, to the surprise of all those who knew him, and knew him many, knew him experts from many countries, from different parts of the world. What pity, and he could give so much more!

So, I was wearing a white coat too, and I walked during the breaks in the park within the Institute, I proudly participated in various symposiums, I worked on various projects with my colleagues,  I learned to be successful, and I was successful.

Finally, from here I went to deserved pension.

Now when I think of that period of my life, and it was no small, all my working life, I am happy to justify the confidence of my professor, the late Academician Kemal Kapetanovic, and my step-brother too.

