Social Story – Killers

Photo credit: 

 from 

The city is hot. Fear gripped everyone. It has been announced last night that some killers have entered the city from the neighbour country. They may be a dozen or more and they can kill people at any minute. So people are alerted that they be very careful for not being killed.

TVs are playing very important role and people cannot sleep without hearing TV News. So TVs are the masters in the common man’s life.

Now people are alert. Those people who have secret guns without licence, they took their guns tucked in secret places in their access. When they go out, guns also go out with them. Those people who do not have guns, they took daggers, knife or any sharp thing that can be helpful in protecting from any attack from anyone.

Life is not peaceful. Everybody wants to live peacefully. Why these killings are necessary? Are we born to live or to kill? Many people questioned each other.

Security is very much important in the society. We can nor walk few yards without a secure feeling. Security of life, security of property, security in other things that we want them to be very much secure, are what we want to be secure. If we cannot protect ourselves, think who will protect us? We are expecting somebody to protect us? We don’t know that the ‘somebody’ whom we expect as our protector is not in a position of self-protection.

People are moving with suspicion. Doubt is there in everybody’s eyes. Even for a simple sound unknown, people are alarmed and they got ready to fight.

 *****

In a lonely place, a person stopped on his bike and he is checking if the money for shopping will be enough are not. As he is trying to take his purse from his pocket, somebody black shirt looking at him with some  suspicion thought that he is trying to take his gun and before he can take his gun, the black shirt man drew his gun with lightning speed and fired him. The bullet went straight on his forehead and the next moment he is dead. Black shirt man was happy that he could save his life from a killer.

 *****

The red shirt man is coming out from a pub. He had his drink with suspicious looks in the pub. He thought that killers will be like very common people until they open their real face of a killer. He came out and he is walking towards his car.

He saw a white shirt man looking him with suspicion. He thought that this man is in red shirt, so he must be a killer. The white shirt man is drawing his gun from his pocket and the red shirt man also got his gun in hand in time. Both the guns fired at a time and nobody is saved. Both are in a pool of blood.

People seeing the two thought that the killer is also dead, taking life of an innocent guy. Nobody knew that both are innocent and both are dead as a result of doubt.

 ****

That day totally fifteen people are dead and nobody knows how these deaths occurred.

Police commissioner of the city was extremely unhappy and alarmed at the deaths. Other police officers also are unaware of the reason and they are hot discussing at the incidents. A hot wave is running in the city.

Thirty more deaths are noted on the other day. Everywhere fear gripped the people. One journalist by name John came to police commissioner.

The journalist is putting his hand in his pocket. Police commissioner looked at him with wonder.

“I know you are a reporter, why you are put hand in your pocket?”

“A hand in pocket means to take a gun.”

“Gun?… What gun you have in your pocket?”

“You don’t know that I am a reporter. Ever body cannot recognize everybody. You think that I am taking a gun from my pocket. So you shot me. If I have a gun, I will shot you.”

Police commissioner is still more wondered.

“I can’t understand what you are trying to tell me.”

“This is the situation now spread in the city sir. TV news says that killers from neighbour country entered the city. People are under the grip of fear. Fear is what it brings all the awkward situation.”

John explained. Police commissioner came to know the reason for the deaths in the city.

Wow! Just fear … and … forty five deaths in just two days.. police commissioner wondered.

 *****

The same day a news flash appeared in the TVs.

‘The killers expected’ news is not true. It is a mistake of the news channels that a bogus news is received by them and it has been noticed that this news was the reason for the forty five deaths in the city in these two days’

After that a flash appeared like this…

__END__

