Social Short Story – Save mother languages

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was a man who is trying to save the mother languages all around the world.

First let us know, Why he is willing to do this work? Because world has families who are living with culture. Each culture is an unique one and is followed by the families. If mother languages are there that cultures is in the safe position. But as of now many mother languages are died that means many culture are died. If a culture is died there is no way of disciplined life in this world. Half of our mother languages are died already and now many are in the endangered level.

He knows the cause and effects that will happen after the language suicide. He tried to make awareness to the people to save them. By planning new ideas one can save the mother languages. But the attempts he tried is failed. Daily he tried with the various ways to save them. With peoples involvement mother languages can be saved easily. He even goes to god to get help. As per thumb rule god will be in silent for some time in one persons life. For him god is in the very silent mode. He was helpless.

But he did not tried to cry and even if he may try to cry, it wont happen. He is thinking the effects of the cause at all time like sleeping, thinking, smiling, eating etc…

One day he is attracted to a book and he bought that book to read. He is not a book reader. In that book there was two lines which sticks to his mind stronger. The lines are ‘With continuous trying it is possible to achieve ones aim’ and ‘For doing a work the only secret key is ones positive thought on that work’. He knows very well about it after reading this book. He tried with new plans and ideas to save the mother languages in the world. All the results up to now got failed. But his mind never fails. There are many ways he handled to do this work.

Do you know why he is trying to save all of the mother languages in the world? The answer was given by their fore-fathers which says ‘For you all the people are yours, all the countries are yours’. By this line he fixes ‘all the mother languages belongs to mine’. He feels it is his duty to save them. In order to save them he even writes a story about his acts of trying to save the mother languages. Till now he got failed in this good work. But his mind is saying that one day you shall achieve your aim. God must not be in the silent mode always.

Now he is planning new ideas to do his work. Not guaranteed for his work but guaranteed for his mind to try continuously to save the languages. If any thing is disturbs his work he will find how to overcome this and to continue his work. Then he will do any action of work by knowing ‘what are all the obstructions that may come? and what to do if it happens?’.

Whatever happens he should not worry about the failure and even he did not think about it instead he will use that thinking time to create new ideas to save the mother languages in the world. Now he is getting some small results which may be used as a keys to his work. He is trying continuously by using that keys to open the lock. He knows one day it will be opened by him. Hard work never fails.

–END–

