Social Story – Red

Photo credit: 

 from 

She had beautiful eyes. Her lashes were full but they just could not cover the million dreams her eyes bore. She looked into the mirror, covered with holy red; she was ready to have a new name. She was getting married. She had been a delicate creature all through her life. Until now life had meant mother’s hugs and father’s comfort, but now she was going to have a family.

She was always told she would have her place, she would have to move, she would have to settle with new people and there would be a day she’ll have to leave and go away to rear kids of her own. And the day had come. Childhood seemed to have ended so soon and suddenly she had become a lady. She knew well that ‘woman’ was not a word it was a world. She knew there would be times she would have to bear; she knew she would have to face all that life had to give. She was ready for it, but she was so happy as well. She was going to have a soul mate; she would no longer be a single life.

 Her dreams were so variant, a moment she would think of a loving husband, the other, she would think of being a mother. Her tinted bangles! Red! She loved it so much, the idea of getting married.

It was the time; she had to be there for the ceremony. She blushed but moved elegantly towards to holy shrine. Her to be husband reached out for her hand, and like a princess she walked over. It was all new for her; all of it resembled a dream every girl has.

The ceremonies were all over. She was the new bride, she was married.

She was being taken home, a fleet of cars! She had gotten a rich groom. As she entered one of the luxurious vehicles tears lined her lashes and rolled down her cheeks. She looked back towards her father who would become a horse to ride her over his back; she looked at her mother who would never let her fall and she was so full of memories she just could not fight the tears. Her father hugged her a last time.

As she sat in the car, her husband held her hand. He told her that he would love her so much and never let her cry and it was a promise. She hugged him. She was happy she had a nice understanding husband. And full of aspirations she moved towards her new home.

Only if he would not get off the car to attend to a phone call, only if fate would have supported, he would still be alive. And a car had taken away with itself a life. And he was dead, yes, her husband was dead. Before she could even reach her destination destiny had rendered her homeless. She was so still to live; a single blow and she had lost it all. Her bangles, they were all broken. Red! She had loved those bangles she wanted them back.

It was too late to have them back and too early to have lost them.

And there she sits, clad in white, beside the dry grapevine. Before there could be a beginning an end was forced upon, her dreams died so young. She loved red, she had to be in white.

__END__

