We all secretly love getting attention from people. Love to make their heads turn in amazement, appreciation, graditude or just out of love…

But to opposite of this ,there are people who just hate to get observed to be recognized because they get it for all the wrong reasons .Even if they did nothing wrong or forget about anything wrong,they actually did nothing.

 Well She was from the second category . One of those hiding ones who get unwanted attention when in public . She was the one who hid herself behind the piles of books and took pride in calling herself a nerd. All of you might be thinking about the reason.. The burning reason she why she chose to stay out of sight.

Diagnosed with a degenerative physical disorder at the age of two ,she didn’t knew her world is going to different and a complete disaster. She was a happy little girl who loved to play ‘chua chui ‘ with her cousins but couldn’t run faster and was always out first. And then she just used to sit their watching them giggle and running with a big smile and great hope that she will also play the next time. But that really never happened.

She went to school where kids used to tease her . She never really was able to make friends. Or even that one friend who is called the best friend. The one on which you get to write an essay. Whose name to pick ?? She always wondered but never got the answer….

With the arrival of teenage, she was a little shaken from her dry childhood but still hoped the best. With hormones raging in her veins,she couldn’t quite find a way to express them. Always forbidden to go anywhere with her classmates, she found herself watching them with hopeful eyes. Convincing her that next time her time is also going to come. But that time never came. She started to understand the sympathetic and sometimes inhumane comments made by people. And confidently discarded their s**t.

But then with time the same comments the same sympathetic looks started coming from her relatives and to her shock from loved ones. From the people she knew were always with her. From the people she had spent her little good time. And next she found herself locked in her room , disgusted from the outer world from the peoples treated them superior just because they weren’t graced with disabilities by God.

And finally on the onset of her youth ,she found her soulmate. A soulmate who would listen to every sh*t she wanted to say. Finally she found solace in arms of books. She became a angry disgusted version of the sweet little girl that had those hopes and dreams. An abnormal version of a girl who was otherwise normal and was able to fulfill her dreams.

What she became instead?? A girl with a disgusted mindset..

Every normal person reading this might be blaming the girl for her nonsense attitude towards the world. But you might not have observed how your reaction changes when you get to know a person is differently abled. How you never want to hear their stories when they want to share. How you never want to go out with them because you will be in the limelight.

And the world never ceases to blame even they know it was not our fault. Not the lifestyle we chose. The world never stops to sympathize even when we hate it. And the world never stops to treat us like poor little things rather than humans. And it also never stops to prove them superior and us inferior.

 And the most funny thing it wants us to be positive and really nice even if they drain the s**t out of us…

 Is it really possible???

 A lot of us are trying to figure this out from a long time…

–END–

