Story of a Girl – Being A Refuge

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Sana is standing in the terrace of a mental asylum watching the greenery in front of her as some teacher had told her in her school days that nature had a great healing power and it heels most of our problems and comforts like a mother. It is a medicine for our harsh memories. She walked around to forget everything but what happened is vice versa. When our heart is broken we go back to our past ; so did she…

Home is the starting point of every memories. She also began from there. Including her only three people were there, her mother, sister Lina and she herself. Her father left them years before as her mother started showing some mental illness. Then onwards they live in poverty. Childhood never shows its beautiful colours to the poor. Both Sana and her sister understood the difficulty and behave according to the situation. They haven’t blamed their father or the Father of all” the God “for their unhappy life and decided to face the challenges that life have store for them.

Some people are still good. They have kindness to others without any bad intention and that is the only reason why Sana became a nursing student. She chose nursing because she knows it is a work of heart, which need a person who is strong enough to tolerate everything and feels for the people in front of them. No person can be as strong as someone who face difficulties in early stages of life and moreover that she done the job from her juvenile period to till her mother’s death.Unlike Sana, Lina stopped studying in her early ages and started to work as maid in a home. She thought it will help her family and her sister’s studies.

They somehow manage to live peacefully. Every thing was fine untill Sana got a call from Fathima, the owner of the home where Lina was working as a servant. Sana was at home as the college closed for study leave. Fathima inquired the reason for Lina’s leave without permission, especially in the day she need her as it was her son’s first birthday. Sana got confused because her sister left to Fathima’s home early morning itself.

Sana’s heart started beating faster and faster as time runs. She didn’t get any information about her sister till midnight. Sana went to police station and filed a complaint as Lina had n’t return till next morning. As usual no use. Four days passed. When ever Sana asked police about her sister they shut her mouth by saying that they are searching and they are not sorcerers to found out her sister with in minutes. They also stated that a countless number of missing cases are filed in the police station and they are unable to concentrate on her sister only as they need to search them too.

Lina is only one among the countless cases for police. Sana can’t left her like that as Lina for her is something more than words can explain. But what can a young girl of early twenties like her can do? She started searching her sister with the help of her neighbours who helped them in much of their crises. Meantime she got a call from the police station that they had found out Lina in a hospital. Someone had hospitalized her 4 days back as she was seriously injured. She, with her neighbours, went to the hospital and examined what happened to her sister.

What Sana heard from police really shook her. Lina was brutally raped by a gang and the lady who admitted in her there found her unconscious near the graveyard. The police assume that the culprits left her there and charged a case againts the rapists. Later doctor called Sana to his room and told her that the incident made Lina mentally upset and there is only a little chance for her to lead a normal life again. That news collapsed her completely. She felt as she became an orphan and left alone in this huge planet forever. Then she understood the most terrible poverty is not what she had experienced in past but loneliness

Within hours media started celebrating the news. For them it was a news not one’s life. Protests erupted here and there. The public cried for her ,prayed for her and asked the government to give the capital punishments for the rapists . The people warn the ministry that if they fails to do so the people will never go for voting booth again. Celebrities, who didn’t know anything about her more than her name, expressed their heartfelt condolence and anger over the barbarism of the culprits.

Sana stopped her studies and nurse her sister. Lina moved from the hospital to the mental asylum where once her mother was treated. Days passed everyone forgot about Lina and her story as they all have there own works to do. The police stopped investigating the case when public stopped caring about it. The neighbours also stopped helping them as they have there own life to look after. Sana started working in the mental asylum. She done some petty works there to earn money for their livelihood. She gradually accustomed to the tragedy happened in her life.

One evening she heard a sound from Lina’s room. Sana ran to her room and found her sister lying there unconsciously. She rushes to the doctors room and informed him the matter. Lina breathe her’s last before Sana returned to her room with the doctor. Why she had done this? whether she recollects her dark memories or she done it in her mere madness ? The only one who knows it is no more now…

Sana come back to the present form her memories. Today is the third day after her sister’s death. She was lying in the bed where her sister used to in these days. Three days of complete loneliness had almost consumed her. She hadn’t done any mistake in her life even though fate didn’t allow her to smile at least once. Life only showed her its ruthless faces.  Now she had no one to look after and no one to love. Every one in the world seems to be stranger to her . She decided to kill herself to stop all the miseries . She looked around the asylum once more. The place that listens her childhood pains, witnessed her mother death, have been a shelter for Lina and her in a crucial time,  her first and last working place , and a blind spectator of Lina’s suicide. She gave the building a chance to view her own death by jumping from the terrace and find her refuge in the other world.

–END–

