I have heard people talking about their passion for travelling. Everyone loves to travel and counts it to be their hobbies without even knowing the true meaning of travelling. Some do understand and they really enjoy the travel time. Travelling is a walk through the dense forest to explore new habitats, plants, trees, and many more. When I was a kid, I loved to walk through the woods in my free time. After the school, I used to roam around in the jungle entire afternoon. I enjoyed the sight of different birds trying to find their food. I explored and examined different trees and plants to find the utility. With the time, I stopped doing it but the keen to travel and explore did not end.

Life is no different than travelling. Yes, we walk through the dark unknown woods. We explore goods and bad. We often panic, see no aims and achievements while walking through those dark woods. There is a simple reason behind. When it’s about life, we forget to open our Traveller’s Eye. We don’t see the little achievements we get while walking through the dark woods of life. This could be one of the most important reasons why we aren’t self motivated. If we recognize our small achievements like; making someone smile, passing a small pat on the back, helping someone and stop expecting, life will definitely be a worth story. Geniuses and masterminds might not have done something different in their lives; the only difference is, we don’t remember or celebrate our achievements unless some third person tells us about it. Our life won’t be the same; it will reflect a positive aura to people around us. We just need to open our Traveller’s Eye and embrace our little achievements. When we start counting our little achievements, we will see our life’s changing and achievements will be bigger with each passing day.

Can we try?

Yes! We can try to change our lives and see it little differently. We are responsible for how we lead our lives. It’s up to us whether or not we keep some motivating stories for our future generation. Our future generation may also spend their lives reading about greatest leaders, heroes, inventors, etc. Why can’t we have our own stories, why can’t we be the heroes of our lives?

People call me rude and arrogant. I ignore them. It’s my life and if I can justify deeds as pure in front of myself then I don’t need to worry about what others say. Yes, I don’t have a role model; I don’t get enthralled by someone else’s achievements. I have decided to make my own path and for me, I am the best person in the world. I can stand in front of the mirror and say the same thing 1000 times. Whatever life gives me, it will be mine and I will always make it part of my achievement. I always loved a poem written by Robert Frost; the poem has simple words and meaning as deep as ocean. It talks about life. A line which has made a spot on my heart and mind always leads me to travel; not to different places but different phases of life.

–END–

