Social Short Story – Suicide or Murder

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

This is the story of a girl who commits suicide because she was the victim of circumstances. But the question arises whether she is guilty or anybody is responsible for her death. Nobody wants to die happily because everybody wants to live in our society. If anyone is responsible for her death, why can’t the accused be punished who was responsible for the girl’s death. My story is as follows:-

Anisha lived in a joint family. She wanted to achieve success in her life because she saw the condition of her mother and aunts due to their illiteracy. She was the only granddaughter in her family because her aunts had no daughter. The ladies of her family, including her mother, were orthodox in nature. She couldn’t came outside without any family members to meet her friends or in social function. Her mother and aunt were coward in nature and believe in putting restrictions on her because no family wants to spoil their name and image due to girls in the society.

After the completion of her schooling, she wanted to complete her studies of college and make her career in the life. But the ladies of her family, especially her grandmother wanted to marry her.So, she make her family members understand with the help of her class teacher to complete her studies because nobody will marry with less educated girl.

After that, teacher advised he family members to keep her in the hostel of the college where teacher’s relative was the principal of the college in other state. But her grandmother and aunts began to protest because she can’t be kept in the watch of the family members and can spoil the name of the family in the society. Her teacher consoled them that she is wise in nature and cannot spoil your image in the society.

When she was going to board in the train, her parents warned her that she should be concerned about her studies and if they found that she is having affair with anybody or she is making bad image of her family in the society, then they will discontinue her studies. When they reach the hostel of the college after her admission of the college, they found that no room is vacant for her batch in the hostel. But the senior of her batch who is staying with other girl agreed to share the room with her.

Anisha got happy and thanked her senior . Her senior , named Aastha , and her roommate ( named Rachna) were lesbians but nobody knows about it in the college because both pretend like closed friends. Indeed, Aastha noticed that Anisha was an innocent girl and cannot share her problems with her parents. Anisha was happy with the generousness of her seniors.She kept herself busy in the studies of the college.With the passage of time, Anisha know that both Aastha and hostel warden were the relatives of the principal.

One day,Aastha and Rachna brought Anisha to watch the movie in a cinema hall after the completion of college timings and there was holiday on the next day.When they came in the hostel, they proposed Anisha to sex. Anisha got frightened, and want to shout but both began to threatened her that hostel warden is Aastha’s close relative and both were the relatives of principal and they can restigate her from the college. Anisha got in the trap, and felt a lot of pain because she couldn’t share it with her parents, otherwise, they can discontinue her studies.It is the mindset of our society that same-sex people can’t do any sex crimes.

With the passage of time, Anisha was become a victim of forced sex by her roomates and suffering from sexual abuse and one day, she committed suicide because she judged that this is the way to get rid from her problem.Her parents came to the hostel and took her dead body with a suicide note having the reason that Anisha was worried about her upcoming exams because she couldn’t got prepared due to tough studies of the college.

The reason in the suicide note can be easily accepted by anyone but the question arises “Who is responsible for Anisha’s death- her lesbian roomates, her civilized parents( who always concerned about their false rites) , college administration( who neglected their duties towards hostel), hostel warden ( Relative of Aastha) or our gender bias ness( because we think that same-sex people can’t do sexual crimes) and why shouldn’t the culprit be punished?” .

Nobody wants to die happily because everybody wants to live in our society. The circumstances forced us to end our life because we can’t punish criminals and society will not favour us for our justice.

–END–

