Social Short Story – Fake Or Fate

Photo credit: 

 from 

Devesh was huddled in the corner of the sofa waiting for his turn. It was his interview today. It had been a year since he graduated from Vidya Mandir College, Varanasi with normal grades. He had been searching for jobs since his graduation. Being the only son he was the sole hope of his family.

After his father early death, his mother had raised him and his sister by doing all kind of odd jobs. Devesh was desperately in the need of a job but lady luck was constantly eluding him. He had faced multiple rejections in the past year.

The call of “Devesh Gupta” broke his chain of thoughts. He knew he was next. Taking a deep breath, he started moving towards the interviewer’s cabin.

Trying hard to overcome his nervousness, he asked “May I come in Sir?”

” Come in”, the interviewer replied.

The interviewer motioned him to have a seat.

“So, Mr Devesh Patel , why do you think that you are suitable for this job?”, the interviewer enquired.

“Sir, I am qualified enough for this job. I assure you that you will never regret if you appoint me “, Devesh replied.

“I have read your resume, you are only a graduate and there are many other like you and some post graduates too in to for this job. Why should I prefer you? What makes you different from others?”, the interviewer questioned again as if not satisfied by his answers.

Devesh was stumped at this question. He became tensed and he started sweating heavily .”Do you get my point?”, the interviewer broke the awkward silence and questioned again.

“The candidate is required to have a minimum of two years experience but I can clearly see that you are just a fresher without any experience .”

“Yes sir, I don’t have any experience, I just need an opportunity to prove myself.” Devesh explained to the interviewer in an earnest voice.

“I like your attitude but do you know that we need a candidate efficient in computer “, the interviewer made his point clear. Devesh was stunned at the moment,” what? computer? But I don’t know how to operate one”, Devesh thought for a while.

He wanted the job badly so he requested the interviewer that he will learn to operate the computer soon.

“I am sorry Devesh but that’s not possible. The post has been vacant since days and we don’t have time to train a staff”, the interviewer replied.

“Sir but”, Devesh was still speaking when the interviewer signalled him to leave the cabin.

Devesh shooked his head. He walked with a heavy heart towards the door. Another rejection had come his way.

 He was once again lost in plethora of thoughts. What will he answer Amma today? 9 rejections in a year, was he really not capable of getting a decent job? How will he marry his sister Nilam?

He was so busy in his thoughts that he didn’t even notice when he left the office? Aaj fir Naukri nahi mili tumhe?Devesh turned in shock to see who got to know that he had faced a rejection today?

He noticed an astrologer sitting on the foot path with some paraphernalia and a caged parrot. Devesh started walking again as he didn’t believe in astrologers but the constant pleading of the astrologer forced him to retrace his steps.

Finally I caught the fish, he will definitely help me earn for this day. The astrologer muttered slowly convincing himself and smiled a wicked grin.

The astrologer grabbed his hand firmly making him sit on the footpath.

“Son, the lines of your hands are not at all pleasant. There is a mark of cross over your career line, you will face many troubles in getting a job. You will have to face many hurdles in your life. Aree tumhari jeevan rekha bhi bahut choti h. You are susceptible of dying at an young age, iska kuch upay karna hoga. I have a solution give me 3000 rupees and take, this ring. It will nullify the effect of your small jeevan rekha”.

“What 3000 rupees? If I had that amount with me I would have preferred a cab rather than walking in this scorching summer. Do you think that you can fool me? I don’t need a solution I know it’s your way of making money by fooling innocent people . Thank you for your advice. I am going to be 27 in the next month let’s see what the tiny jeevan rakha has in store for me”.

Devesh snapped at the astrologer and and started walking again.

“You will regret”, the astrologer retorted.

Devesh turned a deaf ear to the astrologer but his prophecies started disturbing him. Every stupid sentence of the astrologer started making sense. He was so perturbed that he didn’t realise when had he drifted from the footpath to the main road. He came to his senses when a speeding truck ran over him and then everything blackened. The body lay there in pool of blood when an ambulance arrived. The doctor declared him dead soon after. A huge crowd had gathered there. Sensing commotion the astrologer moved towards the main road. He tried to catch a glimpse of the man. When the ward boys started moving the stretcher towards the ambulance the astrologer managed to sneak a peek. He couldn’t believe his eyes and started running as fast as possible in the opposition direction. His things lay there at the footpath unclaimed and unpacked.

–END–

