Social Short Story – The Red Infidelity

The Red Infidelity – Social Short Story

‘ Where  have  you  been? I waited all day for your call , you did not answer my calls, I miss you .’ Jacob sent the text from his cellphone as soon as he stepped out of his  living room.

‘ I thought you should spend your birthday with your wife .’ came the reply .

Jacob banged his cellphone to his head in anger .

‘ I want to meet you ‘

‘ No ‘

‘ I cannot handle this anymore , I need to see you right now ! ‘

‘ Dont you love your wife , isn’t this infidelity?’

‘ I do not know , all I know is that I need to see you’

‘ All right @ cafe Bristo  at 11:00?’

‘ Ok , it is funny that is the place I first met Anna and now I will meet you there for the first time too, anyways how will I know you?’

‘ I shall be dressed in red’.

‘ A red dress , wow ! p.s : I love you .’

Anna  saw him with his cellphone from the bedroom window. Her thoughts went back to yesterday. She had organised a surprise birthday party for Jacob  just as she had organised one for him seven years before their marriage .

” For heavens sake! It is your party and you are glued to that cell phone of yours ,” Anna tried hard to hide her anger , it was his birthday after all and the last thing she wanted was to pick up a fight with him, not today at least.

” Nothing,  just expecting an important call” Jacob tried to sound as honest as possible.

” What is in that cellphone ?” Anna often questioned . “You have a password and guard it like you are hiding something ”

” You know me , I am a private kind of a person ”

 Anna felt the tremors of a breaking marriage . The lip kisses had become compulsive forehead pecks ,the sofa cuddles no more happened and then there were the “I am too tired ” answers for every question . Anna felt Jacobs cellphone had taken her place . He was with it everywhere – bedroom , terrace ,bathroom…

A tear rolled down her cheek ” seven years of togetherness and he wants another woman “. ‘ All right so if it is the other woman he wants let him have her .’She thought.

It  was ten minutes past eleven , Jacobs car was parked outside cafe Bristo. Jacob received a text on his cellphone ‘ I have arrived’

He fixed his gaze at the door , she would be infront of him in a moment he thought , he couldn’t believe his eyes , there was Anna dressed in red.

 

