There was once a man who loved to do good things to other people without expecting them to return the favor. He never thought of it as a favor, he just loved doing it, but over the time he kind of got fed up of doing good to others, because no matter how much or how long he did good to others they always disappointed him. Nevertheless he continued doing what he was doing. He said to himself “no matter how many times they turn me down, I’ll be a better example & remain the same”. This poor man had no clue about the kind of world he was living in. It was a hideous world that hid all the vicious things and instead showed hope for him. It could be that this young man knew all about this corruptive world yet chose to put faith in others. His story was indeed a mystery.

Days went by and the man’s perspective towards the world has changed. He found a woman whom he fell in love with instantly. He and she clicked right away, he saw goodness in her & so did she, then they decided to get married and not wait any longer.

They got married and worldly problems started to fall into their lives. They were struggling with the life that they once thought it was heaven for them. This monster who goes by the name “ The World” was having a good time as he was seeing them struggling in their lives. But this couple didn’t see it as the right time to lift up the white flag and declare their defeat, they still had a glimpse of hope.

A year later, they had a child & they thought he’d be the one to bring forth happiness for them. They watched their child as he was growing up and getting bigger day by day until he was ready to take care of them. Their hair turned white and they thought it was time for the child to return the favor, lift them up like they used to do to him, feed them, and secure them.

This child who became a man, indeed, stayed by his family’s side and did not turn his family down. He was the source of their happiness, their reason to smile and to live, but what they hadn’t known was that not all stories end happily. Their child who once was so little and fragile, and whose family did not leave any step of the way, found a girl whom he saw his happiness in her. He went back home and told his parents the shocking news that they never wanted to hear, he said to them “I must leave you now”. He turned his back and walked away and never looked back.

The old man, who’s the father of the son, once had a vision when he was a kid that he’d find happiness at the end, but he never did. What this man failed to understand was that happiness was never bought with worldly things; what he failed to understand was that happiness was never a person, even if it was for him, it was temporary.

–END–

