An Incomplete Interview – Social Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Makeup lady was around 30s, she applied a light shade of facial powder to Sachin Bharat.

Sachin Bharat looked young even at the age of 42.Heart-throb writer of youth.

Cameraman Ravi spoke to director and anchor of the programme Ruturaj.

Ruturaj could convince Sachin Bharat to provide small amount of time for talk show “Its happening” which hosted the current and famous personalities and Ruturaj normally kept the show candid and today Sachin agreed after thinking the positives of getting into the talk-show.

“Hi there Welcome to the talk show ‘Its Happening'”, Ruturaj started the talk-show.

“Welcome to ‘Its happening’ dear Sachin, the magnificent author of youth and the heartbeat of youths of India….welcome Sir”

Both were seated in cream colored sofa. Sachin was in White T-shirt with hazy design and jeans …providing a youth look and he looked suited for the day.

Ruturaj wore a normal sherwani providing a decent look.

Coffee mugs on the centre table.

“Thanks Rutu…thanks for involving me…hope you will spare me with controversial questions …..just joking …” he paused and corrected his hanging hairs… and smiled at Rutu “So fire Rutu”

“A smile of sixteen,Small Gods big demons, It happens everywhere,In the midnight on railway station and latest in your credit ..Boundless Love…wow you have created history just in 6 years of your writing career” he paused to look with appreciation towards Sachin.

Sachin as usual stood with his magnanimity.

“To add further you choose to break your corporate career of expert Financial Consultant to become a famed author….a long and satisfying journey. I am interested to know one thing about you as first piece….Sachin….What is the secret behind your famous surname…..’Bharat’….?”

It was expected question for Sachin, he was asked this in some talk-shows.

He cleared his throat.

“I am against surnames which depict your religion or faith.Surnames reveal a separate identity than your country..I although didnot like have any surname, for sake of my unique identity kept my country name as my surname..”

Sachin felt proud on his explanation.

“True…very true ….I hope your readers will surely appreciate the fact behind your feelings of non-religion”

“Yes ..same is true with my stories ..most of the time I depict the romance blooming with two opposite religious mentalities…I wish to see only one religion in next two decades …..”

There was 3-4 seconds of silence.

Ruturaj spoke.

“Sachin…there is a small allegation towards your stories…Many authors complain that you write to get fame and money …and most of story contents are with spice and contain sex and erotic detailed descriptions ….what do you comment on this?”

Sachin felt some discomfort.

“Rutu…it is always a debate when some fellow becomes famous because of his own work…if I am depicting the current society and the feelings of today’s boys and girls..how they behave and how they grow”

“But you are more of explicit kind in showing the feelings Sachin ?”

“It all depends upon how you take on it ….you can happily watch bedroom scenes of English movies but a one minute kiss in hindi movie is discussed for months ..its all the notion…mindset ”

“True Sachin Indian readers do find your books more focused on intimacy scenes and many complain that you stuff erotica even when it is not required ”

“Again Rutu it is about how you see it ….Why celebrity authors are not questioned about this ? I remember one old celebrity author writing short stories only about the sexual relations …he is praised for this but new comer always gets beaten..”

 “You mean media is against you ?”

“Hmmm not fully but yes so called intellectual band of people think they can pull me down….they can’t”

“But do you really think our youth is more progressive with physical relationships these days where they are supposed to be concentrating on their education and career?”

“I don’t think anyone can dictate terms for others’ lives…..Every one of us is free and we have enough knowledge to tread a path…today’s youth want to experiment and know the things by himself/herself…what’s wrong in it ?”

“So you feel youth to be given enough freedom ?”

“There is nothing enough or sufficient freedom …freedom is boundary less and dimensionless …full and complete …yes I feel everyone is free to decide about their own choice ”

“I have two reports in my hand where in two college principals have commented on your recent book …’Boundless love’ where in you have written about a teen love story blooming in college campus and some hot encounters in the campus corridors …”

 Rutu paused and drank some water..

“Many Principals feel you as responsible for so many abortions happening for the college girls and they feel the college decorum has gone low since you published the book”

“No comments on this …..if my books can influence to such an extent then I am proud…but in the same time you cannot blame on written words when the college itself is not giving a proper guided education….”

“So I feel you are conflicting here Sachin Bharat …you say college has to educate and in the meantime you talk about the freedom, complete freedom….”

Sachin looked bit serious.

“You know Rutu ….College is there to teach what to do and what not to do…..freedom of feeling freedom of expressing always lies with an individual”

“So do you defy college discipline to go ahead with your own freedom concept”

“Be a roman when in Rome….college teaches you to be someone….be someone there when in college …after that you are an individual ”

“Do you think somehow youth are going for one night stands and there is nothing actual happening between boys and girls after that… I mean love kind of thing ?”

“Again I prefer to talk on freedom here ….tell me if a girl and boy are mature enough to share a bed …whats wrong with it ? and how it matters to others ?”

“You mean even when the girl and boy are legally minor but physically mature ?”

“I do not subscribe much to the comparison of legally and medically mature and all that ”

“then?”

“My only saying is allow kids …oops sorry youths to express themselves let them do their own mistakes and then they will understand what is life ….”

Rutu saw the watch and thought of asking one more question before breaking for commercials.

“Sir before we go into a commercial break, I want to ask about one comment where you are paralleled to be modern day Rajneesh in author’s body what do you say ?”

“Hey what is all this …I do not profess anyone to do anything like that …I am not any Rajneesh or anyone …I desist from such comparisons…”

Probably because of less cool environment or the heat of questions , Sachin was perspiring and the break came as breather for him.

It was almost simultaneous when Sachin’s wife called and she looked tense.

“Sachin please rush to home immediately….”

Sachin got worried.. “What happened Anu…” Anushka his wife.

Anu cried over phone “Aru …” she sobbed. Aruna is 15 year old only daughter of Sachin.

“What happened..?” now his low tone was audible to most of the crew present in the studio.

“She tried to commit suicide …by drowning herself…”

“what …?” word he heard sent him into jitters.

“Yes she did this when she found she was pregnant of two months ….please rush back”

Anu continued sobbing….Sachin could not hear more on phone as he dropped his phone to ground and started running away towards door.

__END__

