Social Short Story – Healer

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am nobody. It is not my name. But it is how the world sees me. I have no face nor dream and I get lost in the crowd. I had the passion and urge to create a place for myself. But somehow could not find the path to move forward. I am an average girl both in looks and IQ. I have a small circle of friends and my life is pretty monotonous.

It was just another day and little did I know my life was about to change. I got up late as usual and was running about in a frenzy to reach office on time. I packed what I could and ran to the station. The steps were crowded as usual and people were rushing up and down like crazy. What kind of life is this? I wondered. My mind formed an image of robots pacing the stairs. I laughed at the thought when someone hit me hard. He held me before I fell. Our eyes met and I felt a strong course of current pass through me.  In the literal sense not the romantic way.

I sensed a recognition in his eyes and he smiled at me while whispering “  Don’t be scared. Use it wisely” in my ears. He disappeared before I could understand his words. I searched for him but the crowd pushed me into the station.

I heard a lot of voices during the day , but could not understand it.  I almost forgot him in office and settled to my office routine. But the voices kept nagging me. I came home exhausted as usual. The voices kept following me and I realised it intensity of it in the silence of my noise. What is wrong with me? I panicked. Should I add hallucination as a part of my traits? Am I losing my sanity? I decided to ignore them. I rolled over contemplating my future. Sleep finally embraced me.

I was shocked when I saw the mirror in the morning. The person staring at me was different from me. She looked confident and beautiful. My eyes are my most mesmerising feature. People who look at it have complimented it. Ironically, the list is not high as they are hidden behind my thick glasses.  I never thought I was pretty and have not taken the extra effort to look good.  Today my hands automatically did their magic and I was transformed. Was this is a dream? If it was a dream, I did not want to get up.

The voice was clear now. It urged me to move towards its source. I started my day with new energy. I could sense a new fire in me. The urge kept growing. As I walked into office, the voice was stronger.  I tried to concentrate on the voice. It urged my colleague to fight with her friend. It filled her minds with negative thoughts.  I wanted to do something and stop it. But how? I tried to figure out where the voice came from. I felt lost and panicked. I knew I had to stop it. I tried formulating a reply in my mind and surprising it worked. What the hell happened now?

I winded up my day with million questions. As I waited for my train, I saw him again. How was your day, he asked. He did not wait for my answer. He just knew the answers. Did you know how relationships work? He continued. They are work of fate and work in two ways. Relationship break because of ‘Smashers’ and saved because of ‘Healers’. Healers combat and strive hard to make relationships work. They create good vibes and cultivate the sense of peace between family and friends.

I wondered why he was telling me all this. He touched my hands and said You are a healer now. You have a long way to become an experienced Healer. Still you are part of our family now. Welcome to the family, Lisa  he said and I wondered what I have got myself into.

–END–

