Onboard my pain, let us sail the sea’s together to heal the scars that, past has left,’ sink the memories that pull us back. To the future for which, we smile and hide our truth in the depth of our veins. The truth that no one knows and will never know, the truth that speaks how broken you are, the truth that puts you in a conspicuous sadness. I sit up on the edge of the ship and try to look deep inside the water, beguiling eyes of sea melts me down. I dive in and try to reach its bottom because it has something to say and I want to hear it. I was not even close, sight getting blurry,’ someone is whispering in my ear, glimpses of light falling from upside. Someone dives and forwards her hand to catch me but I am not going back, I push myself with all remains to the depth. Lungs begged for oxygen but I denied. It is an end. I smiled and black was all that was in front of my eyes.

I felt like something is pulverizing my stomach, I opened my eyes splitting water in search of something new but I was on the boat means I am alive. Glittery and shiny eyes hanging upon me, with fear in them. Fear of what? Of losing me? Whom they don’t even know and why would they even care for a boy who just dived into the water with a mindset of not coming back. Worried noises knocked my heartbeats down. I was unconscious again.

Too soft blanket upon me, edges of it kissing my nose, a dim light on my right side reflecting with a silver grind glass and some pictures printed on magazines below it. I collected my pieces and got up with a minor headache. I opened the door and looked to the bright sun in front of me which half closed my eyes at first but then accepted them. Ears tapped a voice,’ I turned my head around. Bright shining hair, brownish eyes; a beautiful face, trying to concentrate on something. Her eyes stopped on me, like putting me in a trap. I recognized she was the one who saved me. I turned over and started walking in opposite direction with a low disgust in my every step. I heard of footsteps, she was following me. I just dropped my back against at the corner and sat down. I looked up, our eyes met at a point, I moved my head towards the another side, moreover like a gesture for her to sit beside me.

“Why you saved me?” I asked with a throttled voice.

She smiled and looked by with her tensed eyes,’ that’s my job, we save our crew from anything that happens’, she stopped and tried to figure out what my mysterious mind was upon to. “Why you jumped? “She asked with a sweet sensation of comfort. I don’t know, something just broke inside me and wanted to heal in the depths of sea I guess. She leftovers a half laugh and leaves to catch the call that was for her by dropping a comment,’ you are weak to accept that what’s gone never comes back and you have to keep going with what’s remain.

Silence in the sky, voice of the sea and emptiness that your eyes see around in the middle of an ocean gives you a great time to think. Words of that girl started eating me up, they ruined up my barriers of feelings and reached my brain by suffocating my fear to death.

Nothing ever ends, everything is just a phase of life, which passes and starts something new with same feelings and some changed thoughts. We cannot end us for something we already lost; we have to keep on finding a cause for happiness. Knowledge, humanity, studies are necessary to sustain a life but love, happiness; joy is what makes us to stay alive. A full bright moon will never take birth if sun will not die by evening. Everyone is refreshed with the bright lights of a sun, rays of it catch up everything happening around but light rays of moon listens to the voice that your soul cries at the mid-night.

–END–

