Short Story Social – Dons Don’t Get Kidnapped!!!

Dons Don’t Get Kidnapped!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Swapnil got late at night while returning home from office. Knowing that there is no other option, he quickly hired one cab standing nearby. He got into it and the cab took off. However 5 minutes also didn’t pass, the cab driver took an unknown route. Swapnil immediately questioned him, to which the driver said,

“Sir I have to take diesel and we cab drivers have fixed pumps. Don’t worry, you need to reach your home, and I would take you there, no matter whichever route I take you through.”

To that Swapnil kept quiet, but was filled with suspicion, even more when after 10 minutes, no pump was seen. Stranger though than that when after 15 minutes, the driver pleaded Swapnil to allow him to take another couple of his friends standing by the road at one place giving the excuse of late night, Swapnil became sure that the driver’s intentions were not good.

He knew in another couple of minutes, all three would be threatening him to take out all valuable things he has, and more tough than that would be that they would hurt him and leave him on the road unnoticed till next morning. He also was unable to see any evidence of the cab number inside the car, which made him more sure that how much he had seen it outside, it would be immediately changed after their operation.

Swapnil went blank for a moment and then thought of a trick. He immediately pretended to call someone from his cell phone, allowing other three to listen to him.

Swapnil continued, “Hello, who? Diga bhai? Myself Swapnil. Diga bhai, hope everything is fine”

..A Pause..”ok..But here a problem is there Bhai..The work you told me to do, I have completed, but I had done one mistake”

…A Pause..”I had shot Khurana dead”

…A Pause and took the phone away from his ear as if the person at the other end shouted in shock..The cab also was stopped with a screeching sound. Swapnil knew he was successful with the act but just to pretend normal, asked the driver the reason of applying brakes so sudden. The driver gave an excuse of a cat crossing the road to manage and took over again.

Swapnil continued, “oh, ok no problem..Ha bhai, Sorry bhai..what would I have done..Everything went fine but suddenly when I was leaving, Khurana whispered and told of his decision of letting the police know. I thought of calling you then Bhai, but I thought what would you do there and what is the guarantee that even after your threat he would not let the police know of all this”

…A Pause..”No no I still have the machine with me now..why? Should I have had hidden it somewhere bhai? No problem I could well do that after I reach home. Hey drive first”

The driver and other two were literally shaking in fear. They knew what would they snatch from a don. Instead he would shot them dead. Swapnil saw, immediately the driver took a known road and the other two got down quickly. Swapnil gave a sweet smile at one side of his lips and reached home safely.

__END__

