Story of rape victim: THE SILVERLINING

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a dark place. Silence all around. Four men ripping her dress. Strange faces. Laughing and giggling. Satisfaction in their eyes. Devilish smiles. Touching her again and again. Making videos of her. She could feel them around. The curse around her. But she lay there semi-conscious in a pool of blood, still struggling to get herself off their grip. Her soul weeping and she just wished one thing, “I wish I don’t open my eyes.”

Naina woke up sweating severely. Her eyes red with fear. Her cheeks pale yellow. She had a glimpse of the most haunting moment of her life. The moment which tore her apart then. Her scary past. Naina Raj, a 23 year old girl, living in Delhi South Extension, is a hard working employee in a management company, earning her living and leading an independent life. Her face is one that reminds that purity still exists in this dreadful world. She can be well described as a courageous and brave girl since the dream was the reality of her life. At the young age of 19, she was the girl all over the national news. She was the girl who brought a revolutionary change in the nation. But what about her? Who sat back and gave a thought about the trauma faced by Naina when the society raped her everyday. When the police officers asked her whether she was well dressed? When her school asked her to leave because she was then a harm to the reputation of the school. When her lover secluded her saying that she had become unchaste. With all the darkness in her, with all the scars in her body and soul, she fought against the brutal world. She gave a look back to every staring eye. She stood for herself. She fought for herself.

How easy does it sound? Or does it sound sympathetic? “Poor girl..”, a comment and then??? It is devastating in the reality. Why is our society this way? Why does it teach the women to stay alert rather than telling the men not to be cruel beasts. Even the animals seem more civilized than them after such a point. Women are a part of the society. Even they have equal rights to walk on the streets, to attend schools and colleges, to work in offices and live a happy life. This has become a very common incident nowadays. This is happening not only in India but across the globe. People ask for justice, many a times the criminals are punished but between all this, there is an innocent soul which dies within herself everyday and every moment. With the number crimes against women increasing at an alarming rate, it has become essential to understand the psychological state of the victim. This is very much ignored while fighting for justice but it is the soul of the individual that gets shattered. Naina is an example of such a soul who lived through that self destruction. Who gave time to heal up every wound. Who fought against the world for her rights. She now lives happily with her family and a loving fiancee-on the verge of starting a happy married life. Now, for all the women who have faced such humiliations in their lifetime, it is high time. We should learn t stand up for ourselves. We should not let this destroy the human being we are. We should not die ashamed. We should keep up the spirit and fight against the world. We should not let one bad accident destroy our future. We should set an example to the world.

