Social Short Story – Musical Maestro’s Mallets and Strings

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ranjit enjoys rail journey. Apart from scenic beauties, it gives him enormous opportunities to intermingle with many people. Each soul is different from the others. Differences in them are not only in appearances, but basically, their faith, beliefs, and philosophies make them distinctly diverse. Every individual is a unique creation of God. One day he was traveling to Delhi. His friend Rahamat was also traveling with him that time. He started taking a meal with his kids on a banana leaf. Ranjit’s elder son, a keen observer, came to his father and whispered, “See your friend is taking meals with his children along the rear side of a banana leaf.”

“Nothing is wrong with it. Let the noble thoughts come from every direction. Try to understand the philosophies of others.”

“Dad, in our house, you take us to take meals on the front side of a banana leaf after proper wash. Immediately you are changing your stand. How can two opposite things be correct? Either we are correct or he is correct but not both!”

“Actual life is different from mathematics,” Ranjit attempted to convince his son.

“What about logic?”

“Logic is always true. It causes not breathe without getting ultimate reality. At times, we are carried away by pseudo or apparent reality. It is rightful that we don’t always have the answers. But in that case, you know it and you further strive to find your answer.”

“What is the logic that the two opposite things go correct?”

“Bird droppings cannot contaminate the backside of banana leaf”, Ranjit attempted to convince. If you cannot wash the leaf, you can, however, love a safe meal on the back end of banana leaf”, he clarified.

All of a sudden, the train stopped that gave us a shock. Rahmat’s son fell down. On seeing that, my sons ran to raise him. As luck would have it, he was quite safe. Everybody was upset and apprehended something bad. Ranjit ran to the door to find the reason. He saw the train guard and asked him the reason for it.

“Our track is blown up by some miscreants. Fortunately, we received a message on the mobile phone from headquarter just in time to avert the accident. A great disaster is averted.”

“How far is the broken rail site?”

“Merely hundred meter.”

“Are you rushing to that site?”

“Yes. Will you accompany me?”

“Why only me? Most of us will follow you to extend help and support. One wonderfully very good thing is hidden in disaster.”

“Beautiful thing in disaster??? What’s that?”

“It gives us a chance to get united. Nothing else has so much capability to bind us together in unison closely and tightly.”

“You are right. I am taking heed of this great binder for the first time and that too from you.”

Seeing us talking about a broken rail, many fellow passengers joined us. On reaching the site, we found that a rail was shifted to cause the accident. Everybody had one common question what is to be done now?

“Sir, I can set it right in no time, but I need two shovels for shifting the displaced rail. Do you have some wrenches and shovels? I am from railways and I work in Permanent Way that is, the department for the maintenance of rails.”

“I have the wrenches, but no shovels.”

“Sir, I am running to a nearby village for the shovels,” said one of the fellow passengers.

“I am running to the opposite side, I see a few clusters of houses for help and the shovels,” said another passenger.

“It is daytime. So, there is no problem. Both of you can try. Don’t delay, start running. Good luck guys! If we can do it in 20-30 minutes only, it will relieve the troubles of all passengers. I foresee trouble in obtaining help from the nearby railroad stations as we are close to 20 miles away from the nearest one. Fortunately, villages on both sides of the tracks are nearby. I am racing to get the wrenches meanwhile.”

Very soon the runners arrived back with shovels and a few villagers for help. The track was restored and this brought the smile back on the faces of sad passengers. While returning, Ranjit found a passenger very much look-alike my revered music teacher Dr. Mahesh Saxena. He put his best skill to bend Ranjit into a good musician. In spite of his hurricane efforts and his Midas touch, he could not turn him into gold. Ranjit knew that he was a pushcart having no self-drive in the field of music and hence many times he asked Dr. Saxena the reason for wasting his time for him. He always said that only the time will prove your worth. Though he failed to be a very serious player, he acquired the grip of the music that enabled him to enjoy music. Ranjit neared him and greeted, “Good morning, sir.”

 “Good morning Ranjit. How are you?”

Ranjit touched his feet and was rewarded with his blessings. He was very glad to see Ranjit there.

“How come you are here, sir?”

“I shipped my instruments to perform a concert in NY shortly.”

“Why are you so sad? What is worrying you, sir?”

“I am not able to trace them.”

“Sir, next month I am in NY. Here, here’s my business card. Please visit us anytime you wish. I will be too happy to serve you.”

“I heard you worked in railways.”

“Yes, sir. You are very right. You give me shipping details. I will put my best efforts to find them. Sir, you don’t worry. Give me your contacts.”

“Hello, am I speaking to Joseph? I am Ranjit.”

“It’s a sweet surprise Ranjit. How are you?”

“I am fine, Joseph. Hope you all are fine.”

“Tell me when we are meeting.”

“I will see you in your office tomorrow at 11:30. Does it suit you?”

“Fortunately, yes. Do you know where my office is? Come to Railway Board and give me a call. I will come down to receive you.”

Ranjit drove to Railway Board next day and called Joseph. His office is the brain of railway operations. He thought Joseph must be very busy and would take some time. But no, he appeared very shortly and he was with our other friend Hiren. For him, it was a feast for the eyes to see them. Their college days flash- backed like a lightning. Friendship is a grand and wonderful thing! His two friends attacked him to hug.

“How are you Ranjit?” Both of them greeted him.

“Fine. How do you do?”

“Let us go to my office,” Joseph requested.

“Oh, yes.”

They remembered many things and adventures of their college days incessantly. Hiren got a call and he apologized for leaving with a promise to see him in the eve.

“Now tell me your problem Ranjit.”

“My great Guru Dr. Mahesh Saxena is facing a great problem.”

“Are you speaking about the outstanding musician of Agra Gharana (tradition) of classical music?”

“Yes. He put his best to turn me a great musician.”

“But we never experienced it and never enjoyed your this talent. Now I realize, why you were so much fond of classical music. Tell me the problem immediately.”

 “He is going to perform in NY very soon. He shipped his instruments to New Delhi by railway. Now I notice they are not there anymore. This worries him.”

“Do you have the shipping details?”

“Yes.”

Joseph called his assistant and gave him the details and instructions to locate immediately.

The assistant located the consignment in Delhi (Old Delhi) station godown.

 “Aziz, run to Old Delhi station, check the consignment and ask the station master reason for the mismatch in the destination. You inform me on the telephone immediately.”

Aziz dashed to Delhi station and took the goods clerk for the consignment and reason for unloading at this station instead of New Delhi.

“Sir, it is due to spreading of black ink that blotted over New.”

“It cannot be.”

“Please see this consignment.”

“Yes, I agree. Simply, how can this happen to all shipments? Show me all one by one.”

They examined each and every consignment carefully. Only two bigger consignments had the spreading of black ink menace.

“How carelessly have you handled this case? If what you state is correct, why other consignments were not thrown at New Delhi station? Stern actions will be taken against all of you responsible for this.”

“Sir, this is a fault committed by the New Delhi clerk. I am not guilty, Sir.”

“You are as guilty. Why didn’t you check that the dropped items were for New Delhi? Is it not your responsibility to tally with the shipping documents and sorting out the ambiguity after talking to concerned people? You have telephones and mobile telephones. Why have these been provided to you? I fear some foul play. I will critically examine each consignment for its proper handling. Every consignment should be damage free.”

All consignments were damaged. Aziz informed his boss immediately the complete account. This shocked everyone. Nothing could console Dr. Saxena. Time was really short for rearranging the instruments. Joseph formed a committee to investigate and fix responsibility. All concerned must be roped in.

“Sir, I am sorry for the irreparable loss. We hold a big recreation center in our section. Please come with me and choose your pick. I will be too happy if it serves your purpose,” said Joseph.

Dr. Saxena was happy with some instruments, but for a few, he rushed home for alternatives.

The Dr. Saxena had to either get the instruments of his choice or cancel the show. With a very heavy heart, he conveyed to Ranjit.

“Sir, I am repeating those words which you instilled in your pupil – ‘have faith in the Almighty’. Sir, the verity is that I am an impassioned believer in the God ever since then. Today is the time to prove Him,” Ranjit consoled his Guru.

“Yes, Ranjit. We then meet in NY.”

One night when the world was in deep slumber at 1:30-night doorbell of Ranjit rang. His wife cursed the caller calling at such an odd hour.

“Who could be there?” puzzled him his wife Sunita in very pungent tone.

“In our bad times, our own people rush to do miracles. Nothing is  worth worrying over. I am going to receive the guest de honor.”

Ranjit opens the door to welcome the stranger. To his sweet surprise, his revered guru was in front of him. He bent down and touched on his guru’s feet.

“Ranjit, heaven’s choicest blessings are showered on you people. It is really bad for me that I bothered you in such an odd hour. It is extremely unreasonable to wake you people from a deep sleep,” said Dr. Saxena apologetically.

 “Sir, I am blessed that you chose me for any mission. I will be too happy to render my best for you. Kindly tell me, what I have to do.”

 Dr. Saxena narrated the whole story of failure to get his favorite instruments for the show.

“I must cancel the program. Before doing so, it was prudent for me to consult you.”

“No, sir, you must not cancel it. It is my dream to see you performing on one of the biggest stages.”

“How can I do without instruments?”

“Sir, I will not tell now. I will arrange some mallets from my workshop. You kindly approve the length and weight for handling.”

“Mallets?”

“Yes, sir. These will be like billiard cues.”

“Billiard cues? What for?”

“Sir, please wait for a week. I will not only explain everything but a demo for you will be arranged. My colleagues have agreed to send their children to participate for this.”

“I am not able to understand anything. But, I simply trust you.”

Ranjit called his best mechanic Jones and explained the plan with a sketch for construction and target time. He advised him to do it on top priority for seven billiard type cues and one operating arrangement.

After two days, in the evening, Jones came with his team and the new product. Ranjit examined the product and was happy with the production as per specification and quality. A strong light material was used. Ranjit thanked Jones and his squad.

“Sir, we are curious to see the use of this product. Our team is awestruck and want to know it from you,” said Jones.

“That is a secret,” Ranjit told them with a laugh. “You have to wait for a few months. You will glean the fruits of your labor.”

Ranjit joined his wife and guru in evening tea. Dr. Saxena was too curious to see the cues and asked, “Where are the cues?”

“Sir, the whole load with my musical team is coming shortly here to perform a demonstration. After the demo, please let me know your honest conclusion. Please don’t please me without real appreciation.”

“Sunita, my team of roughly twenty members is to reach in a short spell. Order for snacks and tea/coffee/cool drinks for them,” Ranjit advised his wife.

“No problem. You concentrate on your demo.”

The team came with the gadgets and some participants. Everybody was puzzled. Ranjit fitted the cues as per his design. Seven children sat on the designated chairs. Each chair represented a musical note and the child on that seat had to produce the sound vocally accordingly.

Dr. Saxena was awestruck beholding the peculiar spectacular thing much beyond anybody’s imagination. After completion of paraphernalia, Ranjit took the seat of a musician to play the instrument. Each cue had a softball attached to it at its pointing end. A child getting the ball on its head pronounced the nominated note.

“Sir, I am going to perform. Please bless me for success,” requested Ranjit.

“I am overwhelmed seeing your ingenuity that is beyond the imagination of anybody, including myself. I am proud of you. Keep going.”

The performance of Ranjit was simply superb. Dr. Saxena was very happy.

“Ranjit, it is Avant-garde. So far piano type sound, it is fantastic. What about flute and shehnai? ”

“Sir, for these, I have a different trick and it will take a fortnight to materialize it.”

“And what about repercussion instruments?”

“Sir, I can go for unconventional, but this is going to delay beyond the schedule. Here I have opted for conventional instruments. Tomorrow we are going to visit a shop having a huge collection of repercussion instruments, both western and Indian.”

“Ten days have elapsed, what is the progress, Ranjit?” asked Dr. Saxena.

“I have some success – but, allow me some more time. I will revert back to you very soon.”

“Could you explain me your trick?”

“Yes, sir. This time I will use puppeteers’ strings.”

 “Really strange!”

“Only one week is left now. What’s your preparation Ranjit?” Dr. Saxena asked with some concerns.

“Sir, everything was going well and my schemes would have worked well. But,…”

“But, what? Are we going to be defeated?”

“I am also equally worried, but I have not lost the courage so far. I had trained nearly a hundred children, fifty girls and adult females and thirty men. Unfortunately, some key players are sick due to influenza and some men also have left suddenly to visit their countries for some unforeseen reasons.”

“What will happen now?”

“I have inducted some new faces for training. Sir, kindly give me details of your musical events. I will assess what notes are not used at all. This will slim down some burden.”

“Here is the index of two-hour schedule. Musical notations are detailed in a green colored register. You can pick up from my table.”

“Let me study that.”

Media were flooded with advertisements of the peculiar program of Dr. Saxena. Ranjit with his team was busy in the hall. Dr. Saxena conducted the rehearsal for shehnai and flute. Puppeteer’s strings were tied to the hair on the heads of the performers. Strings were of different colors for a distinction of different notes.

Dr. Saxena was very happy.

The concert hall in NY was jam packed with a huge gathering. Dr. Saxena was very glad. But, his eyes were searching Ranjit. He became very worried. He moved all over and to his dismay, Ranjit was nowhere. The happiness of Dr. Saxena turned into gloom.

“Where is Ranjit? Time is running out,” Dr. Saxena asked a colleague of Ranjit.

“He is on the way. Any moment he can pop in.”

“He ran into a little accident.”

“Accident? What happened to him then? Is he safe?”

“Worry not Sir. He got hurt on his left foot. Delay took place in finding a wheelchair. Fortunately, he found one. He will be with us very soon”

Now Dr. Saxena was worried only about Ranjit and not his show.

Ranjit arrived the concert hall in a wheelchair.

“Sir, I am sorry,” apologized Ranjit.

“How are you Ranjit? Are you safe?”

“I am absolutely fine sir. Let us run the show now.”

It was a delightful sight for beholders to see musical cues striking heads and weavers’ strings going up and downwards. The audience was spellbound and gave standing ovations for each performance. Several medals and cash awards were announced. The concert hall organizer came running to congratulate the performing team and especially to Dr. Saxena and Ranjit.

“It was wonderful Dr. Saxena. You have done what nobody can dream of. You have performed music without musical instruments. We use mallets in xylophone but we never used puppeteer’s strings in music,” praised the hall organizer.

“It is Ranjit, my apt pupil the musical maestro, and not me. All the credit goes to him and his team. When I was totally desperate, he came as a savior.”

“Sir, it is all due to you. You shaped me into what I am today. I would wish to kiss your lotus feet. For me, Guru is above the God,” said Ranjit very emotionally.

“No, Ranjit. It is your naughtiness above all. How do you imagine such tricky things? You have not only imagined but actualized it as well.”

“You are very, very correct, sir. He was naughty in his childhood and fortunately he is nonetheless the same. I am really sorry, Dr. Saxena. I tried to defeat you. I know I am a sinner. I had botched up your instruments out of jealousy. Please pardon me,” requested another musician, Sachhidananda.

“It is your misdeed that exposed the genius of Ranjit. And the world got a novel thing. Above all, he showed that the scarcity cannot suppress you.”

 “Sir, you have a very big heart. You pardoned the meanest of all. You are not only musical gem, you are a great soul too.”

“Sachhidananda, you too are a great musician. The time might have conspired against you. But, I am certain, you too will get a chance to expose your talent for the world to applaud. You have realized your mistake. Repentance reshapes the person.”

“Dr. Saxena, I am getting overwhelming requests from all corners for your shows. Will you please extend your shows for a few more weeks?”

–END–

