Maa Tujhe Salaam… Tribute to Woman

Photo Credit: 

Salutations to the “Women”… On the eve of “women’s Day”, which falls on 08 March, I thought it would be a good idea to pen a few thoughts on the “woman”…so, here goes…..

I have decided to use this opportunity to write about a woman and In the process pay a Tribute to her, a woman who is present in every one’s life irrespective of caste, creed, religion, etc.etc. and if you are alive and reading this, that clearly means that you are ALIVE !

Yes, the woman I am talking about is none other than “Mother”, whom we affectionately call “Maa”, “Amma”, “Aai”, “Ammai” in some parts of India…….

I read something very beautiful the other day as I was browsing through some literature…It said, “Mothers are like buttons, they hold everything together”….Wow, I read this and thought, what a profound statement…”Maa tujhe Salaam”.

We all have a woman in our lives, be it in the form of Mother, sister, wife, mother-in-law, sister-in-law etc…..Today’s article is going to focus only on our “Mother” and it’s a tribute to her.

Shining Planet

“A Mother is somebody whose presence gives meaning to every creation”….This is so true when you look back at your life and start visualizing some of the moments you have spent with your mother and for those of you who are fortunate to still experience her presence around in physical form…..

Some people call Mother a loving Angel….She is someone you can rush to on a bad day or even on a good day and one hug from her will bring you solace if you are troubled and extra delight if you are happy…this is the magic of a mother’s hug…God created mother on earth I guess because he could not be present everywhere….

As I say, a mother is incomparable, even to think of comparing her to any other creation is an insult in itself….Mothers are a stand alone Universe, a planet by themselves…A Planet around whom the whole universe rotates….She is like a mother, attracting everything towards her and giving out light and energy.

A Mother is the woman who tends to us, our every worry, shares our every happiness and protects us from all danger with her protective cloak….I find it sad when I find sons deserting their mothers’ or ill treating them or leave them fending for themselves…Especially when these are the same mothers’ who have looked after them, fed them, wiped their tears, held her hand out when you wanted to spit or vomit, stayed hungry till you ate, howsoever late it might be, waited eagerly for you when you returned home late and was worried to death, when you carelessly forgot to inform her that you are going to be late at a friends’ party enjoying yourself….

You walk into the house, say a sorry and tell her that you are not hungry as you ate pizzas and colas at the party and disdainfully walked to your bedroom and went off to sleep as you were tired ! Not for a moment bothering that she has waited all along for you to arrive, not only worried but also hungry and waited for you to come home so that she could feed you……

I hate hearing kids(grown up) say to their mothers(read as parents here) that it was their duty to bring them up and feed them, and educate them and get them into good jobs and be around for them……So, no big deal……Somewhere I wonder what is the measurement parameter.

So, my friends, let us pay tribute to the “woman” in our life, in any form that she is…Remember, she is the epitome of strength, tolerance, humility, love, energy, affection, attraction, etc.etc. Remember to pay your respects to her every time you leave home and every time you get back home…If she is not with you, please make it a point to speak to her atleast once every day..Remember, she is always waiting for your call, but does not complaint when you don’t remember her because you were BUSY !

My salutations to my mother and all the mothers in the world and more importantly to the Women..

Maa Tujhe Salaam !

__END__

