Why do we get attracted to few personalities?

Photo credit: 

 from 

[Why do we get attracted to few personalities?]

Why should I get attracted to a girl? Is it love at first sight or just an infatuation or attraction? Umm… None of them may be correct.

Let me explain by taking a hypothetical example:

I saw one movie I liked the actress in that movie so much that I could not take her out from my mind. Next day I got up as usual did my chores and went to college; this continued for at least a week, suddenly one fine evening while wandering on the street I saw one girl but she disappeared in crowd; some kind of feelings were generated in my mind after seeing her, I tried to find that same girl where ever I use to go in and around that area but somehow I was not able to manage it. I contemplated for few days why was I attracted to that girl?

I tried to explore more by asking few questions:

This is an indispensable question to answer because nothing can get in your brain/ mind (I am using both because for me it does not make any difference as I have not felt difference in brain/ mind.) unless you make the way for it through some kind of medium.

There has to be some scar or impression on my mind to which my senses have responded, but now I would ask why only her? Was she similar to the actress that I saw in movie? Yes she was. When I first saw the actress that was first pleasant impression created in my mind then later this girl had some kind of resemblance to actress which have regenerated the same feeling in me and I wanted to see her again and again because I was happy that the actress alike girl is in my vicinity.

I may propose we usually attract to person if s/he a made super impression (attraction at first sight) that we cannot forget and we want that feeling to persist and furthermore our mind work out and get attracted to look alike people of original impression.

Next time when you feel some one is impressive figure it out whether was it really a first impression (actress in this case) or we feel “have I seen this person before?” (Look alike personality, the girl in my vicinity).

__END__

 

