These solutions can work as if it is a magic band for people who are facing these situations in daily life on regular basis.
Nevertheless, more importantly these little changes in our life’s strategy can give us peace of mind that all of us are looking for in this rat race of becoming successful without forgetting and disappointing others and ourselves.
Such a boring safety device and no girls can see his face, which he considered worth a look..
It was crowded with energetic and enthusiastic youngsters who were having the best time of their lives on rides and playing arcade games in booths.
But that sentence made her drink faster.
She was adding a whole cup of sugar into her coffee yet it tasted bland.
The whole responsibility lies on the shoulders of the parents, some decent relatives lend you their helping hands, but the ones who throw their weight around and keep complaining are constantly play a spoil-sport , as true trouble-makers.
His mother’s shriek made him look up, he was blocking her way, not letting her come to his aid.
He watched the man slicing up the boiled potatoes and arranging them in a circle around the plate, adding crispies and other delicacies into it, then finally topping it with chaat masala (the spicy mix that made his mouth water everytime) and a dollop of tarmarind chutney.
But Nature is getting vexed and becoming very angry because billions of human beings have started throwing filth, dirt and smoke in billions of tons carbon fumes , carbon dust, insecticides, chemicals and the villainous deathless plastic.
All feared that God would not overlook the slightest sin and would award exemplary punishment to the evil minded person.
Days passed, seasons cycled periodically.
The dolls watched as Erin swept up the remains of their daughter.
As the vacuum roared, Molly thought to herself, “why has God forsaken us?’’
His eyes deeply lost in thoughts into the half blue, half cloudy and sunny sky.
Traveled to the moments that broke down his integrity, confidence and most importantly his happiness.
There was not yet any police to visit the place as it was very sudden incident in the remote place of the ring road.
His eyes opened in astonishment, after found that, the person got seriously injured but he is alive.
Books and music were his greatest delights while not shuttling between prisons, detention centres and courts and while not catching up with case files or paper work.
Neha noticed somebody, who was staring her, firstly she ignored but after sometime she saw the same pair of eyes staring her again in a pretty constant way, it happened for next half an hour or so and then she reached her collage.
We had hardly gone a few paces on the platform when I heard a voice screaming in my direction.
At the exit I hailed for a taxi, praying that it would arrive before the man did and we could escape this nightmare before any untoward incident occurred.
The coffee cup in my hand was almost empty.
Newly constructed marble stands for the spectators sparkled in the morning sun.
The glorious morning beckoned him.
A strenuous workout with the horses under the watchful eyes of his master had taken its toll.
His master, with his cronies, soon was sprawled on cushions laid haphazardly about, and all were totally soused.
It was nowhere near love.
A well branched ancient tree was there, spreading its branches over the wall itself.
The big ball of fire burnt with all its heat.
He had seen fire which gave out heat during the dry days.
But this burning ball of fire was much stronger and much hotter.
He had seen it traveling on the blue blanket above.
The blue blanket changed its colour.
Soon it was finished with a spoonful of powdered jaggery but the night grew lazily.
Her mind was full of worries.
The word retirement has not gone well with him despite of the fact, that he now helps my mother in house-hold chores, pays monthly bills himself instead of any helper, gets up early morning to take his dog out for walks, maintaining his lawn and kitchen garden all by himself , putting clothes in the washing machine and many such other things, which he himself was not aware till his retirement.
The day I was to catch my flight for Hyderabad my excitement knew no bounds.
Little did I know that the events that lay ahead would forever leave a mark on my memory.
As we were just to reach his home, as it appeared from his relaxed facial expressions, his vehicle witnessed some problem and he turned for a garage.
They sound like the music that used to fill the air around my pond.
I feel nostalgic, I want to cry but tears would not come out as I am myself a drop.
The air was dry and the wind left a bitter taste in my mouth as it blew past me.
His eyes were actually smaller than what they had been earlier.
His legs had begun to give in as I felt that he could piss his pants any second now.
After the long years of warmth and summer, the cruel winter was approaching.
Its doors were open for anyone who seek knowledge and knowledge was all it offered.
But those incidents left a deep scar and only the bearer knows how much pain that scar caused.
Her life and its problems seemed so far away and trivial; they seemed completely insignificant.
All this was drafted in broken sentences ,but was enough to unveil the signification.
But his smile was saying everything.
The scars weren’t clearly visible behind her hands struggling with her hair, but anyone could make out it was her.
Calls streamed in.
They were still staring at her, eyes opened wide like frightened children.
Her face was aglow in the setting sun even as her hair flew across it.
The informal discussion becomes a torturous conversation.
While I was changing my dress my eyes caught the notification on the mobile screen.
After hearing my question her face turned on and she replied with extreme passion.
His every subordinate and even few office staffs from other department also thought many times before approaching him.
His eyes had darkened and his hands bled with the bruises of dried clay.
The knocks on the door had faded.
Her skin glowed and the auburn hair cascaded freely on her beautifully tattered clothes.
Imagination is a disease enjoyed by the stressed, cublicle-d, middle management clone humanoids of mega large corporate companies.
Life is never a cake walk.
The works they create takes several generations to understand and decipher, let alone explaining.
The muscles of my arm bunch as I pick up the heavy axe, that none else living can wield.
And the earth split under its power…
But the pain keeps me firm on my path.
The two brats recovered their car and instead of going for a police complaint they decided to erase the incident from their memory so as to rid themselves of the pain of recalling the humiliation, when they woke up rubbing their nose in the city’s wasteland after a night gone wrong.
Chocolate fell from hand.
In this modern day, right has become wrong, and wrong has become right – such an irony!
Those school days of sixties reminded me how we listened to the commentaries by our radios, we are proud of having the TV set in our house these days and are fortunate to watch live telecast of all games & sports with our open eyes.
Anger led to mistakes, something he could not afford on this mission.
The only rule was the rule of existence and survival.
His throat was dry.
Suddenly, his thoughts vanished, when the bus bumped on the speed-breakers.
His only reason to look forward was his child.
Her head was bent and her hands were on her thighs.
The air was gamy with the stench of gunpowder.
Underneath the land that has witnessed the worst genocide of its life, bereaved rebels were planning their next move in a covert subterranean bunker.
His shabby seersucker suit was hanging rakishly over his slender body.
Now, I like to think I am a tolerant man, but a tired mind can work tricks.
Alas, words of praise cannot feed empty stomach.
The hammer looked too big in her tender hand.
A piece that he had written to clear the agony of his soul had had some far reaching consequence.
Then a crushing straight right to his bloody nose and sent him in to the ropes once again and with that I send out a left hook then a right hook then another left hook and then another right hook, then I move down to the body and sent out a bone rattling left hook and then a right hook and then another left hook, then another right hook, then another left hook, each hit I land my opponent gets weaker, each hit he grows more tired, so he couldn’t bring his arms in to a firm guard and so my punches can slip right through it.
Word about the bet spread throughout the saloon.
The bus lurched to another stop.
His eyes frantically roved over the space around him and he saw his modest bag suspended in the air supported by someone’s elbow and another’s shoulder.
His confidence began to return and he fetched his bag, holding it now between his arms since the strap had come off in the hustle-bustle.
He was heavily mortified and yet, the uppermost thing on his mind was air.
Just then, the doors mercifully opened and he vomited out onto a sidewalk while holding fast onto the door handle.
Her eyes opened to see not an ugly duckling, but a beautiful swan.
Food no longer entertained the taste buds, and the aroma of coffee was now replaced by something bigger – and horrible…
Because the burn marks will stay on even when the burn is healed…
Cheap alcohols always had such a hit-you-hard effect but I had no choice – the group that I choose to merry-make with can afford only cheap country liquor in pouches.
The park looked deserted.
The train rushed into the platform in a wild frenzy.
A sincere apology is a heart melting and ego diminishing process for both the speaker and the recipient and gives strength to bury the hatchet.
That slap really shook me, woke me up, but before I could react the bus stopped and she got down.
She was about to speak but her words were deafen by a loud horn.
Panting heavily, the laziness inside me prompted me to take a halt before turning back.
The contrast among the pinkish tinch of her face and her black attire helplessly multifolded her attractiveness.
The cigarette kept burning itself without a pause.
Few thin flocks of smoke aimlessly floated around before migrating to non-existence.
I tried  my  best  with  utmost  difficulty  to  call  that  man  but  his  image  faded  out  in  the  cool, moisture – filled  evening  breeze  of  the beach,  eventually.
Then an urge to view the attachments conquers me.
The Interest is fire to burn natural resources of small, little families taking loans and the interests grow to eat entire family soon.
Tears rolling onto her pillow and her heart’s breaking and she thought of everything that could make her cry.
The darkness in the weather felt welcoming.
My eyes frantically searching for the mains, as my mind formulates various scenarios that could have caused the spark.
I see that the west wing has been lit up for a test run, immediately my mind rests on the most possible scenario, the worst!
This worm of curiousness was growing faster than fungi.
The flashing lights now eclipsing our rear view mirrors as the ringing from the sirens pounded our ear drums.
The patrol car behind us slammed hard against our trunk and gave us both a powerful jolt upon our necks.
The newly presented diamond ring is much enough to bring smile on his wife’s three-year old face.
Like a blinking of eyes two another days passed.
It was 6.18 p.m , as i sat sipping the hot brew, a dragging, moaning-groaning sound reached my ears, before i could realize what was happening the cup slipped from my hands, it teetered, tottered and was smashed into smitherens.
