Short Story Unusual Experience – THAT GIRL

Short Story Unusual Experience - THAT GIRL

I don’t know from where to begin, i even don’t know what I am wriritng but it’s true. You are confused and so am I.

It was May 7th, i clearly remember. I didn’t knew where I was, even i didn’t knew what to know, what i wanted was that i just wished to see that girl.

I didn’t knew who was she. She was sitting there quietly, not uttering a single word nd not brething but her eyes were saying everything but I could understand the language of her eyes.

It seemed as if she didn’t wanted to hear anything but she was listening and understnding everything.

For the first time when I saw her, she seemed to me as if she was a statue, all still, not even for a breath she moved, she was stil. When I looked in her eyes it seemed she was waiting for someone. I too waited to see for whom she was waiting. i sat beside her but could not dare even to ask her name or even talk to her about anything. She saw me, smiled at me and then again sat still. When she smiled at me, it seemed that she was asking me to wait that I will soon get all the answers of the questions rising in my mind.

Since morning we were there. Now it ws evening, more time and now it was all dark but no one came else a letter. It was from her teacher. I could only glance at the sender’s name, ‘Mrs. Shyama Arya, your teacher’. After reading the letter there was a slight smile on her face but she didn’t move. It was 8:55, only five minutes left to 9:00. I have to go but she was there, alone still. I thought to as her something but then thought let it be.

Next day I again went to the same park, she was also there. She was a total mystery to me. This continued for many days.

 Next morning when I was having my morning tea nd going through the newspaper I glanced at a news which shook me. I read it again, unable to believe what I saw,

‘Mrs. Shayam Arya-her daughters death’

Her dughter? When I saw the photograph of her daughter I was more shocked. How could it be possible. It was unbelievable. Oh God! What is going on? But I wanted to talk to that girl anyhow how can she die. How can sthat girl be Mrs. Arya’s daughter when she was her teacher? How can she die? So many unanswered questions. Now I had to find answers. I had to know who she was. Yes, this was that girl, Mr’s Arya’s daughter, whom I did’t knew who was a total mystery to me. Again i was there at the park. Oh God! What is this? Another shocking scene! She was agian there. nd this time my curiosity spoke,

“You have died. How could you be here? Who are you?”

and then she answered, “God has given me this place and now I am waiting for my mamma” and she vanished.

But still i didn’t knew the name of that girl, the reason why she died, the reason why was Mrs. Arya her mother and why did on that letter it was written her name as a teacher. She is still a mystery to me. i never sw her again and my questions are still unansered. I have tld myself that some reasons are never nderstood, that some powers and creation of God are beyond the scope oh human understanding but the mystery continues…

__END__

