Short Story Suspense – Birthday Gift

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sunil, the cab driver, took a left turn and found a hasty crowd. It is late evening and unexpected winter in the city with dense fog. Sunil parked the cab behind a police jeep.

“What happened?” Sunil asked the passer by.

“A bus ran over a man. Spot dead.” The man replied.

“Oh my God. How old was he?” Sunil asked.

“In thirties. The bus fled after the accident.” The man replied.

Sunil lighted a cigarette, decided to garage the cab for the day and started the engine. Crossed the crowd and found a man waving his hand in the headlight.

Sunil slowed the cab. The man asked “Elgin Road”?

Sunil opened the lock of the back seat and the man get in the cab.

“Thank god, waiting for such a long time, last 5-6 cabs refused to go”.

“Short distance, that’s why. My garage is that side only.” Said Sunil.

“Oh great. And it is difficult to get into a bus holding this big packet.” The man said.

Sunil looked back through the mirror and found a big packet wrapped with gift paper lying in the seat beside the man.

“5

 birthday of my son. Complete sport’s freak from this age. And here is the cricket set for him. He will have a blast when he gets this gift.” The man is excited.

Sunil smiled, “It is unusual now Sir. Kids are attracted towards computer and mobile games, very few play cricket and football. Which way from here?”

“Take a left turn from the next signal”. The man said.

Sunil takes a left turn and stopped near an old building. The man gets off the cab. “Wait a minute, I will get you the change of 50 bucks. I have only 500 bucks note.”

This road is a little dark, may be due to the fog. Sunil waited for 5 minutes. “What the hell! Did the man forget to pay”?

Sunil get off the car, “Oh my god, he left the packet here.” Sunil took the packet from the back seat and decided to go inside the house.

Pushed the door bell twice, the door opened. A lady opened the door. The house is decorated for the birthday party but the guests are looking confused.

“My fare please. And here is the packet.” Sunil said.

“What fare? And whose packet is this?” The lady asked surprisingly.

“Please call the owner. He has come in my cab and asked me to wait for the fare as he did not have the change. Also he has left this packet in my cab, cricket set for his son’s birthday.” Sunil tried to explain the lady.

“What the hell! We just received a call from the police, he met an accident and died then and there.” The lady shouted at Sunil.

The packet suddenly felt very heavy and Sunil dropped it.

The young boy standing behind the lady quickly picked it up. “My cricket set. Thank you dad.”

__END__

