Bisibelebath

Image Source: 

He woke up in the middle of the night and moved a bit to reach for the mobile lying at the corner of the bed and learnt it was just 2 minutes past midnight. He could not fall back to sleep so easily. The heated conversations of the night started making a cacophony in his mind as he got up to fetch a glass of water. The kitchen was still smelling with the spicy flavour of his favourite dish on earth. He looked around and saw the vessel filled with Bisibelebath spreading its aroma all around. He realised he was hungry but also realised he had an early meeting the next day and hogging now would mean a disturbed sleep. He was about to close the lid when he also noticed a open packet of chips and a combination of chips with bisibelebath is something he loved more than the sleep. He took a plateful and put a lot of chips as a side. He regretted skipping the dinner last night. He regretted having that argument with his wife which eventually led to both missing the dinner and it all seemed silly right now. It is always a mystery how a trivial topic would trigger a big fight and all of a sudden be nothing at all the next day. It always happens between him and her and wondered if it is the case with every other loving couple. He felt he should say sorry to her right away.He wanted to wake her up right now and ask her to join for this midnight feast.He went near her bed and saw her sleeping like a baby with her beautiful face half covered in the sheet.He kissed her on the cheek,whispered a sorry but did not wake her up as he knew she loved her sleep more than anything else. Even more than the bisibelebath..…

He took the plate and moved to the living and comfortably sat on the sofa.He opened his mobile and took a picture of his plate and shared it on FB tagged his wife and added a line..”Thanks my darling wife for making this…Thanks my dearest God for making my wife”He thought it would make her smile the next day He was about to eat a spoon of the south Indian delicacy when he felt he saw a shadow move in the passageway. He was almost sure it was the wind playing with the curtains and his mind playing with him but still he got up and went near the passageway holding the plate of in his hand.He could see a clear shadow of  a person and this time he was sure it was not the wind nor the mind.He froze on the ground.Before he could think of a fight or a flight he felt a sharp pain in neck.He could not scream as his vocal chords were broken apart by the knife piercing through his neck.He could feel his life going away and within seconds he dropped down on the floor all dead and the plate falling on the ground made a deafening sound and splattering the dish all over the place.

Mr. Murthy woke up and realised that the sun had long been awake before him.

He had gone out for a late night movie on insistence of his wife who was still on bed now She too was getting late and went to wake her up but did not feel like after seeing her smiling away in the sleep like a baby.

Murthy was in the shower in the next five minutes and the shower .Shower is  a thought stop .Thoughts come in just like the water drops…Millions of them and it ends up to be the most wasted time in the morning.

He started thinking that he could not afford to be late on a Monday morning especially in these times when he was going through the worse of his career.Despite the best of his efforts his boss was all against him and hated him the most in the office and the feeling was  mutual. The company was doing bad since an year or atleast the reports showed that which reasoned out for downsizing and salary cuts happening across the company.

Anyways all was going to end very soon as he was getting his visa for US ready in the next 6 months and he would say a goodbye to all and start a good new life all over again

When he came out of the shower he saw that his wife was already in the kitchen making his breakfast.He announced that he has to skip his breakfast and his wife  gave an scornful look.He hurriedly rushed through his dress,packed his laptop and rushed for the front door and  his wife glanced at him in surprise.He immediately realised and rushed back into the living and exited through the rear door,waving a good bye to his wife.

She asked him to come home early in the evening.She was wondering if he did not  remember that this day was special to them and hoped he would realise it by the evening.

In the next ten minutes, his wife also exited through the same rear door ,climbed down the steps and rushed to the bus stop

The scene was no much different in the Varma household,Murthys’ next door neighbour,He was also yet another leaf attached to another tree in the IT forest except that there was a wailing kid to add to the scene.Mr Varma was in the shower as his wife went on reminding him how some of the tasks has been pending since two weeks,the overdue credit card bills, the pending EMIs for the personal loan and the uncleared phone bills.Varma choose not to answer as he knew they would go on pending till the  end of the month.He could not afford any more loans to clear the existing ones.

Murthy noticed Varma running to the stop.He could not help notice how Varma stopped using his car to the office and switched to company cab in the recent months.He had also seen a lot of letters from different banks always lying around at his door.He knew that not all of them were just monthly statements but few of them were notices for overdue payments.They both stood next to each other without speaking a word.Within the next few minutes they boarded their respective cabs .

He messaged his wife the same and she messaged back mockingly ” As usual”.He choose not to reply.She had already reached home and started to cook.An hour later he reached home tired and frustrated.

The most tiresome part of the day is not the usual meetings,not the usual project stress,not the usual traffic all the way but the usualness itself.Routine is such a killer.He entered the house an hour later and did not hear the regular “Hi” from his wife.She looked at him and felt  that she was bit scornful but did not know why.She glanced at the calender as an answer and he realised that it was the day they had met together at her house for the first time 2 years back.That day,She had prepared bisibelebath without actually knowing it was his favourite dish and he had brought her a bouqet of gerbera without actually knowing she liked it the most than any flower.They named it a favourites day and she promised that she would make bisibelebath on this day every year throughout her life.He promised that he never would miss to bring her gerbera on this day till his last breath.

He also got half of the houses in the apartment the builder built over his land as part of the deal.All his houses were rented or leased out except for one. This had been empty since a year and the actual source of his botheration was not that the house was vacant but the reason it was vacant.

Varma answered the door and saw a couple with a kid holding the hands of the father.He saw the woman of the family and noticed that another addition to the family was on its way.

Varma quickly withdrew himself from opening the door and handed over the keys to Sunil himself to open.

Sunil himself went to open when Mrs Sunil stopped him by holding his hand.

She said.

“

?”She questioned.

Sunil chirped with a little surprised ”

Murthy said with his mouth still munching away the bisibelebath sitting in that bedroom.

