The Night the Phone Rang – Thriller Short Story

The Night the Phone Rang – Thriller Short Story

I knew it was a late-night hour and the phone was ringing incessantly. I was half-asleep and I saw the window pane pricking with heavy rain drops. The outside was sheeted with the rain. The ringing of the phone sounded quite screechy and I could not ignore it. On my bed was my wife and my son unmoved by the sound. I dozed out of the bed, grabbed my glasses, hit my arm against the flower vase at the door and walked to the phone. I picked it up, cleared my voice straight

“Hello?”.

I was still sleepy and I thought I heard it was raining on the other end of the line too.

“Hello?” I paused.

Yes, It was raining there too. My voice sounded more clear and alert now.

“Hello? Who’s this?”.

I heard some gasping and a voice burst out

“Ankit…… Ankit”.

My heart skipped a beat. May be it stopped beating at all. It has been more than 8 years since I heard her voice but I could never ever forget it. I recognized it  at once but I found myself dumb-stuck. I had to breathe before I picked up my tone “Anita?” but it was not a question. I knew it was Anita.

“Anita” I didn’t know what to say next.

Her voice came back again from the gasping “Ankit. I need your help.”

She paused a while. “Ankit…”

Was she crying? “I Love You..” she said and started weeping.

My heart weakened a little and it weakened more and more with every pulse. Was I about to cry. All the fond memories rushed into my heart and tears sprang in my eyes.

“Anita? .. Anita? Where are you? Is everything alright?”

I didn’t know how I picked up so many words. My heart wasnt there in the room. It has gone back, back to the time it actually lived. I heard my heart pounding in my head. Now I was gasping for breath too.

“Ankit. Please come. I am near your home. I – uh – need ..”

She could not speak. Anita is in danger. My Anita is in danger. It was weakening me. In spite of shaking and crying I tried to sound strong,

“Anita, I am there in a moment.”

She didn’t say anything. I threw the receiver and grabbed my car keys from the desk. I ran as fast as I can run in the toughest time of my life. I have had many tough moments and I thought those were the toughest. The day I screwed my interview at IIM, all the time I asked Anita to stop talking to me, the day I told her I am marrying another woman for my damn father, those days she begged me not to abandon her, all those times stabbed me and killed me. But even though this moment is making me stimulated like never before, I could sense my hopes sprang to life, still perplexed for she is in danger.

I started the engine and drove on the lonely dark street like a crazy man. I opened the car window on my side and with the rain splashing on my glasses I hunted down the streets. It’s happening very fast. The love of the life calling me, seeking help, running for her. I still didn’t believe this was happening.

Oh! My senses are working now.

I packed up some courage and pushed the accelerator down. I didn’t find her. I turned right, I drove back, I turned left, I drove everywhere but I didn’t find her. May be I should go back home to wait for her call. I didn’t think on it, I pushed the accelerator but hit the brake along with it.It was my car lights alone on the street and my eyes hit the rear view mirror.

I was appalled when I saw a car turned over on it’s side and a lady standing behind it.

It was her. Undoubtedly, It was Anita. She was standing there still. She must be hurt, otherwise she would have called, at least signaled something to stop me. Jittery with adrenaline, I flung open the door and raced toward her.

I Love You Anita, I Love You, I started to cry. Why is’int she moving? I thought it’s goofy, but I shouted “ANITA!”

I thought she’ll see me. She did not. She was staring into the car . What did she lose inside it? What’s she looking for from behind the car? I didn’t see the car for I ran for her but I stumbled down.

I hit my nose hard but Anita was what my mind was reciting.

One leg of mine was over what I stumbled on, I glanced to take back my leg and all of a sudden I stopped breathing.I was shaking.I could not move.

I didn’t blink my eyes because what I saw was Anita’s body there…. Obviously dead. Blood all over her face, a mobile by her side…I didn’t know if this was a nightmare but sure as hell I didn’t want to turn back to look who was standing behind me and behind the car.

__END__

