[The Murderer – Unusual Short Story]

Rishabh opened his eyes; an intoxicating smell of cheap whisky stung on his nostrils as his eyes slowly got accustomed to the long shadows of the bar. Unfamiliar faces hovered around him; he could feel the drink pulse through his veins.

A young boy, who wore a red jacket, served drinks in a glistening steel plate. Their eyes met and the young lad walked towards him.

“What is this place?” he asked in a quiet voice almost filled with menace.

“Chembur, Sahib”, the lad trembled.

“What is the date today?”

“Its August 10

, Sir.”

“Of which f**king year?” his voice hollow, filled with hate.

“1990” the young voice mumbled.

Rishabh smiled. He could smell the whisky in his own breath.

“Where do you think I should go?” The young lad’s head turned towards the stairs leading up. He could speak no more.

Rishabh got up from his seat. He could feel the bulge in his pocket.

He moved stealthily up those never ending stairs. A tiny door stood ajar. He pushed it open. The red drapes in the window splashed a rubicund aura in that small room. The girl lay on the bed, covered by a red bed sheet. He moved closer, the lump in his throat growing by the moving second.

“This is last whore I shall kill” a tiny voice told him. He knew it was becoming a habit, something which would pump up his hormones. He would later console himself saying he had released those poor souls. Deep down, he knew why he did what he did – pure thrill of cold blooded murder. “But this is going to be end”, he mumbled.

Her eyes were closed as his giant body towered over her. He could hear the tense heaving of her breasts as she waited for another wimp to ravish her. The full moon spattered its melancholy over her beautiful body. His hand moved across her hair; her long locks weaving through his slender fingers. Her skin was so white, so pure. There was something familiar about her, and it disturbed him.

She opened her eyes. The bile rose in his throat as a wave of shock charged through his veins –

“Padmini!!!” he screamed.

~

