A Dungeon Death

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Target approached, Sir”, said a police officer on his microphone.

“What’s the stats?” came the reply.

“A dead man and his hostage. Seems like a murder.” he replied.

“Secure the girl.”

Ana was his prisoner for 16 years. Locked under the dark dungeon for his manly pleasure, She waited all long for this day.

The police had followed the basement path and finally reached her.

There she stood .Thin, dull and bonny and scary. With a knife in her hand , and still stabbing him though he is long dead. She looked up, hearing some one approach.

“Don’t come. I will kill you. Leave me.” shouted Ana. Her eyes were burning red as she pointed the knife to the officer.

Shaw was a bartender. He kidnapped Ana when she was a small kid from a school. She never knew her life was to serve herself to others. Her cries were not heard outside that dungeon. Sixteen years , she spent locked inside with less food and constant rapes. She never liked men.

“We have come to rescue you, Ma’am. Please drop your weapon so that we can help you.” said the officer.

The knife slipped from her hands. She stayed still. The officer wrapped her with a coat and escorted her out.

She remembered how he pulled her to basement. The door, the ladder,the path and the dungeon.

“Is he dead?” She asked in a tired voice.

“Yes, he is.” said the police.

For the first time, she tried to smile, a bit. Ana could do nothing but cry all these years. When some one enters the basement, she knew how dead she is going to be. Never she knew when the sun rose or set. She was used all around the clock.

The officer lifted her up from the basement. She saw the light from the open door. She walked faster towards the door. The light seemed very near. She could not walk much faster , when she tripped and fell on the ground outside the house. The light was very bright .She could not open her eyes.

A beam of light passed through the trees and fell on her face. She felt the warmth .She smiled and cried. And this time it was out of happiness…

__END__

