Murder Mystery – A Mysterious Death Case

Photo credit: 

 from 

As soon as I got out of my bed,the hotel servant handed a letter to me.Then I eagerly opened the letter and started reading it.It is as follows:-

14-10-13,

 London.

 Dear James Smith,

 The previous night in the Oxford garden of Baker Street,great business person,Mr.Ron Clynton had been brutally murdered.We could not find any evidences and clues regarding the case.As you are one of the great detectives interested in a case of such complexities.We need your support to solve the mystery…………………….Hoping that you would come as soon as possible……

 By,

 Pierry Will,

 ICBI.

 (International Criminal Bureau of Investigation)

I closed the letter and completed my bath and breakfast as quick as possible.Then I hired a Taxi and got started to Oxford park.

The crime scene was severely surrounded by the Police.Then Pierry will said,”We are thinking the killers might have used knife and jabbed Ron thrice into his stomach as we found three stabs there.But we don’t know how on earth they knew that Mr.Ron Clynton was in the park at half past twelve”.

I once examined the body and asked if they had searched in the car for any evidences.

“No”,said Pierry.

Then I got in the car and started searching for any clues related to the murderer.Then I was glad to find cell phone in there. I assumed that the cell phone belongs to Mr.Ron as the User name on the cell was ‘”Ron”. Then I intended to find out to whom Ron made his last call. I came to know that he made his last call to Mr.George Cantor. I made a call to cantor to find what he knew about the murder and what was their last conversation?

Someone held the phone and said,”Hello!This is Mr.George Cantor,Who’s there?”.

“I am James Smith,the Detective.As you know that your friend Ron Clynton had been killed,the previous day.We would like to investigate you regarding your friends death mystery to find any clues”.

“I was ready for any help to chase my friend’s death mystery”,said cantor.

“Alright!Then meet me at my home in queen’s street house no-5 at 6.00 pm”

“Yes,I will come”,said Cantor.

The time has melted like a candle.The clock struck 6.00pm.Then within 10 minutes cantor arrived.Then I asked him what was the reason behind his call to Ron Clynton at 7.00 pm ,the previous day.

Then Cantor explained,”I and Ron were good friends.Ron won the bid for a “Diamond Egg”. His bid was half-a-million dollars.So he wanted some money help from me,then I asked him to come to Oxford park at 1.00 am as there would be no persons in the park at that time.But Ron came there at 12.00am to relax for one hour till I come.I knew this because he messaged me that he was in the park at 12.00 am and he would like to relax for one hour.But by 1.00 am he was brutally murdered.”

“How on earth did the murderer know that Ron was going outside at mid-night”,I questioned.

He told that they have talked personally in the cell phones about their encounter.I thought that only my servant Mary might have listened about our encounter”.

Then I thought that if I could catch her,then I could solve the case.I asked if Cantor knew her house.

“Yes,of course!”giggled Cantor.

I and Cantor went to her house.I elucidated the complete incidents which happened till now.I questioned her to whom she Said the news that Cantor and Ron were going to meet.Then she was startled as they know what she might have done.Then she said,”I don’t know what are you talking about?”.

“I would keep you in the prison for lifetime if you don’t tell us the truth”‘I warned her.

Then she was panic and said the truth-“One fine day while I was working in Mr.George Cantor’s house Mr.Jack Turner made a deal to give a sum of about 20,000 dollars,if I would tell him the information regarding the the movements of Cantor and Ron”.

“Who was Jack Turner?”I asked.

Cantor said that- Jack Turner was also a business person like Ron and he stood in second place in the bid.Then I received a call from Mr.pierry will saying that from 20 yards away of the death, he found a visiting card of Mr.Jack Turner.Then I said,”Thank you Pierry. With your clue we are on the verge of solving the death mystery of Mr.Ron Clynton.”

I deduced that Jack Turner made this murder to get “Diamond Egg” as he would get the egg if Ron was unattended. He did this murder with the help of some murderers and also Mary.Then I said that the Case was solved.

Cantor asked,”How?”. Then I explained him my theory.

Then I and Pierry Will went to Jack Turners house and arrested him proving all the evidences.They also arrested servant Mary for being bribed and kept in prison for a year.

Everyone,especially ICBI thanked me for my great work in solving this MYSTERIOUS DEATH CASE……

__END__

