Short Story Ghost – A Restless Soul

Photo credit: 

 from 

One morning she awakes and go to her mother and ask her to go to her cousins home for night stay. Her mom agrees to that. She go to her room to get ready. She took bath and get ready. Her wet long hair on her back looks awesome. Her fair color with red cheeks looks likes a fairy. She changes her clothes and go to her aunts home.

Her aunt Sonia does not like her. She always asked her children to stay out of her because she thinks that she is not a good girl. She is a character less. And the next day her aunt proved it. She takes one boy with her and that boy has some nude pictures of that girl named Alisha. She asked everybody that she is not wrong that are all fake pictures but nobody listens to her beat her.

On that night Alisha heard her aunt’s voice who was talking to her son Moet that their plan succeeded. There Alisha come to know that why her aunt hates her. Her hatred is just because Alisha is good in studies and the relatives loves her for her good behavior and her aunts Sonia’s daughter was not good in studies and behavior. After that she was totally broken and that time her aunt’s son Moet came to her and raped her.

She told everybody about Moet mischief but no body believes and blamed her that she attracts Moet towards herself. Her mother died by hearing this. After her mother death, Alisha also committed suicide and left a note that she will not forgive anyone. Everybody who involves in this matter has to pay for that.

Time passes and everything becomes normal. One day her aunt saw Alisha in her room and she scared. She called her son Moet and her wife. They asked Sonia that nobody is here. She screamed that she saw Alisha but nobody believes her. She saw Alisha ghost number of times around her. Everybody thinks that she is becoming crazy she needs a doctor. Moet and her wife took her to doctor. The doctor examines her and gave her some medicines.

One night she again saw Alisha ghost near her bed. That ghost asked her that everybody will die soon. I will take revenge to everybody. No body will leave alive. I will kill everybody who was responsible for my and my mom’s death. Sonia starts screaming. Moet came and asked her to shut up. Alisha is dead it’s just her illusion and nothing else.

Next morning was the bad morning for everybody. Moet has a severe heart attack on the breakfast table. Everybody take him to hospital and after doctors operation he become paralyzed. Due to Moet disease they become financially weak day by day. Their house was sold and they started to stay in rent house.

One day Sonia’s daughter in law come to her and starts crying Sonia asked her what’s the matter and then she told her that Moet is no more. Sonia’s single support was no more she starts laughing due to depression. After the moaning ceremony of Moet, all the family members admitted Sonia to mental hospital. After every hour Sonia starts screaming that Alisha was innocent she did not do anything I trapped her due to my jealousy. My son raped her she was innocent please ask Alisha to forgive me.

At the end all the family members came to know that Alisha was innocent and they pray to God for the rest of her soul.

__END__

