Once there was a girl who went missing in a forbidden forest. Her parents had warned her never to journey there. She rebelled. She didn’t care what her parents had said, didn’t care what happened. She was tired of rules and restrictions. So, she ran away, into the forest. Her parents began to search and search. Called the police, FBI, anyone that could possibly help.  A month past, no sign, no indication of her was found. They had looked everywhere, they didn’t leave one stone upturned. That was until her mother had an idea. But thought to herself, “She would never go there…”, She decided to ask for help.

Search parties set out, looking for shreds of evidence that might have belong to their beloved daughter. Blood hounds picked up her scent, followed it for miles. They came unto a campsite where they believed the girl was staying. Yet, she was not found there. Nights past, strange things began to happen to the search parties who searched through the night. Footsteps, sticks breaking, even whispers were heard by all. The mother decided to set camp; she had been walking all day and all night for 3 days.

Halfway through the night, she heard voices, footsteps, and she saw shadows. Something was out there, but what could it be. She left her tent to look around. Checked the others, but none were to be found. She picked up her flashlight and searched around the campsite. She stepped on something that she thought was a stick from its slight crack sound. She looked down, picked the object up. What she thought was a stick was actually a human bone. The mother let out a scream. She then heard footsteps around her. Leaves rustled. Whispers around her, her daughter’s voice appeared.

She looked around to find where her daughter’s voice was coming from. Looked around the trees and began to see flashes of people’s faces, she could hear their screams. Suddenly she saw her daughter’s face and began to cry. She whispered with her cold dead voice, “Mommy. I’m lost. Help me, find me.” The mother answered, “But I’m here dear, I’m right here.” Her daughter came closer, and she whispered again. “Mommy, they’re coming for me. There are demons all around me. Ghosts, their screams are so loud. They’re coming for me.” She fell to the ground, her mother came close to touch her hand and a cold shiver went up her spine for the young girl’s skin was cold as ice. No warmth, her cheeks as white as snow. Her lips so blue.

The mother cried and cried over her daughter’s body when suddenly she looked back at her face and screamed. Black surrounded her eyes, like looking into an abyss, black blood poured from her mouth. She blinked and her daughter’s body was gone. She closed her eyes, rocking herself back and forth, counting “1, 2, 3,…..”

–END–

