Anita, with her child is waiting for her train in the station. A strange man tries to starts conversing with the child and Anita. Anita is afraid of strangers and she ignores him. Anita, rushes into the train as soon as it arrives. The man also enters the same compartment. They are never aware, that someone is observing them. Suddenly, the man gets drenched in blood. Someone has shot a bullet in his head. Anita, takes a look at the other man’s face. She is sweating constantly. The man sits for a while and leaves the train. Anita pulls the emergency chain in the train. Police starts verifying the case.

Anita, with her child reaches her destination. She is having an interview for the post of manager in an estate. Five members, are waiting for the interview. Now it is Anita’s turn. She is having five year’s experience as manager in an estate. She gets selected immediately. She joins duty for the day itself.

Next day morning, she was asked to meet the estate owner. Estate owner is reading the newspaper and having his coffee. Anita, greets him with a hello. The estate owner keeps the newspaper on the table. Shockingly, he is the same man who had shot one man in Anita’s train. Anita tries to run away. But the estate owner takes out his pistol and warns Anita that he will shoot the child, if she tries to tell the police.

Every day Anita tries to go and report to the police, but she is afraid that the estate owner may kill her child. Even the police are suspicious of Prakash’s activity and they are visiting Prakash often.

One day Anita is on duty in the estate. Her child is playing nearby. He climbs the horse and starts riding it. Suddenly, the horse gets mad and furious. Prakash immediately rushes to help the child.  He saves the child and look after all his expenses. He takes care of the child. Anita, is now confused. She observes many good things in Prakash.

One day, the estate clerk tells a small story about Prakash. Anita, comes to know that Prakash had a sister named Pranita and she is no more.

Prakash transfers all his property to Anita’s name. Anita, gets shocked and asks him the reason for his decision. Prakash tells her his story and tells that police may arrest him any time and asks Anita to take care of the estate. After coming to know about Prakash’s real story, Anita asks him to forgive her.

Next day morning, police arrives and arrests Anita. Police, tells that Anita herself had admitted the murder. Prakash, stands against this arrest and tells that he knows who the murderer is! He surrenders himself to the police.

In the court, he confesses that the other man had physically abused and murdered his sister. So, as a revenge, he murdered him. But at the same time, a man appears in the court and confesses he was the actual murderer. After finger print testing, it gets confirmed that the man who appeared in the court is guilty. He gets sentenced lifelong imprisonment. The man was Pranita’s fiancée. Even he was taking revenge of Pranita’s murder.

–END–

