Cast ;

 Jasper – friend of Gabe and Spencer

 Gabriel – friend of Spencer and Jasper

 Spencer – friend of Gabe and Jasper

 James – Spencer’s stepdad

 Aubree – Spencer’s Mom

 Policeman – Investigates the murder

Scene: [There are two children Jasper and Gabriel playing in a field behind their homes when they notice something floating toward the edge of the water by the river bank.]

Jasper. Hey Gabe, What is that in the water over there? [ He says while pointing toward an object bobbing up and down in the water close to the edge of the water.]

Gabriel. I don’t know let’s go check it out. [ As they dropped everything they were doing as they ran toward the unknown object.]

[They walk along the water’s edge and realize that there is a big duffle bag floating in the water.]

Gabriel. It’s a big bag let’s go in and get it.

[ They turn towards the water just about to jump in when they hear footsteps behind them so they hide in a nearby bush where they wait for the distant noise to come closer so they can see who it is.]

Spencer. Hey Guys! What are ya’ll hiding for? [ He said walking toward the bush. ]

Gabriel. We were hiding from you we thought you were one of our parents or something. Telling us it was time to come home.

Jasper. We saw a big bag floating at the edge of the river bank lets go get it and see what’s inside.

Spencer. NO! Don’t open it let’s just go play we can play football or hide and seek.

Jasper. Yeah why not it’s not like the bag is going anywhere we can look at it later.

Spencer. NO we should just leave it alone because we’re not supposed to touch things that don’t belong to us.

Jasper. OK lets go play hide and seek.

[ After an hour of running and playing Jasper and Gabriel couldn’t get the bag off their mind so they wait until it is Spencer’s turn to hide and they sneak off heading toward the river.]

Spencer. Where did everyone go? They went toward the river. [He runs as fast as he possibly could toward the river.]

Spencer. Wait guys don’t go in there.

[ Spencer runs as fast as he could toward the river bank then the boys reached the bag. Gabe and Jasper look at each other and slowly started pulling it toward the shore when they finally get the big heavy bag back to shore they lay there regaining their energy. Then after a minute Jasper stands up.]

Jasper. Why is that bag so heavy?

Gabriel. Why is it shaped like that?

Jasper. What is inside it?

Spencer. I don’t know but you guys need to get home let’s just leave it here we don’t have to open it. [ He said very frighteningly. ]

Jasper. Were not going to do all this work for nothing we have to know what is in it.

[ Spencer steps back as Gabriel and Jasper unzip the bag ]

Gabriel. What is this?

Jasper. It’s a boy he looks like he’s about or age who would kill a boy and put him in the water. [ He said looking down at a boy covered in blood.]

Gabriel. Jasper turn his face maybe we know who this is.

 [ Jasper slowly turns the young boys head. They both stop and look at each other at first with a confused face then with a sad face as they looked behind him and realized no one was standing there.]

[ They both then look at the boy’s face now with both Jasper and Gabriel with tears rolling down their faces as Jasper speaks the name of the dead boy]

Jasper. Spencer……….

[ They both then wipeoff their tears and run toward the street they see a policecar infront of a stop sign and they run to stop the car before it drives away.]

Policeman. Boys what is the problem are you lost.

Jasper. No sir we were just in the field behind our house and we……..[As he continued to tell him what happened Spencer’s mom comes outside]…. And we found his body in a big black bag.

Aubree. What are you crazy kids talking about have either one of you seen Spencer I haven’t seen him since early this morning with James.

[ Both Gabriel and Jasper could not look her in the face as the policeman steps out of the car and walks toward Spencer’s mother]

Policeman. Can I talk to you and your husband for a moment.

Aubree. Sure, Let me go get him.

[She walks out of the house with James following close behind.]

James. Yes sir how can i help you officer.

Policeman. You may want to sit down.

[ As he gestures toward the bench on their porch and they sit down hesitantly.]

Aubree. Is something wrong? What is this about?

Policeman. It’s about your son Spencer.

James. What about that snot nosed little disapointment of a stepson.

Policeman. His body was just found by the river bank behind your house he has been murdered. I am very sorry for your loss we will get to the bottom of this I promise.

[Aubree and James both break into tears ]

[ The policeman goes back to his car puts both children inside and tells them to show him where Spencer is and they leave not knowing that one of the two parents’ tears were fake.]

Jasper. There he is right there. [ He says as he points to Spencer’s cold lifeless body laying there on the ground in a bag as if he were garbage.]

Policeman. [He picks up his cb radio and calls in.] This is officer 342 there has been a body found here at the St Johns river by Lake Street.]

[ As the person on the other end say…..” Ten four sending backup and forensics to the scene now.” ]

[ As the police and special investigators scramble to find who killed Spencer, Jasper and Gabriel were talking quietly still in the back of the squad car waiting for their parents to arrive.]

Jasper. How did we both see him? How did we play with him all day if he is dead?

Gabriel. I don’t know but what I do know is that we need to find out who did this to Spencer.

[ They then walk over to the bag that is lying on the ground and realize that they have moved Spencer to a body bag. He was no longer laying in that dark disturbing duffle bag. They look inside the bag that once held their great friend and realised there are things in the bag.]

Jasper. Hey Gabe, look there’s stuff in here. There’s watch and a pair of shoes and some gloves.

[ Gabriel looked into the bag and he instantly knew whos shoes they were.]

Gabriel. Aren’t those James’ shoes. [ As he meets Jasper’s gaze and then they found some more things in the bag underneath the shoes.]

Jasper. [ He looks in the bag and goes through the newly found things and then looks shocked as he stands up and says to the policeman.] I know who the killer is, look in the bag.

Policeman. I see [ They rush back to Spencer’s house where Aubree and James were still sitting.]

Policeman. You’re under arrest for the murder of Spencer.

[ As the policeman takes the offender by the arm places handcuffs on the person and places them in the car.]

Jasper. I’m sorry about Spencer.

The person replied : I loved that little boy I can’t believe that she would kill her own flesh and blood. I had some arguments with him here and there but I really loved him.

–END–

