Well known Detective Rohit Dutta was hired for the loss of a Lord Ganesha Painting from the house of Dr Ragav Choudhury. 

Dr Ragav Choudhury’s house was located at North Kolkata . He used to stay with his wife Mrs Nirmala Choudhury and two maids. He had a lot of precious things in his house . From showpieces to paintings , he had a lot . But out of this things he had a painting of Lord Ganesha which was given to his grandfather by the jamindar of Jaipur . The Painting was nearly 100 years old .In the painting there was ‘ JG ‘ label written at the top . 

In the meanwhile, Dr Ragav was out of  station for one week . After arriving home , he noticed that there was no ‘JG’ level on the painting of the Lord Ganesha . He called Detective Rohit Dutta , who was a friend of his friend to help him to get the painting.

After getting the call , Detective Rohit Dutta arrived at the scene, after 2 days of loss. He started to interrogate one by one. At first he interrogated Mrs Nirmala Choudhury. He asked her everything about the last one week . She said that she only went thrice outside of the house . Twice to the shopping mall and once to her relatives’s house . The two servants of her were at the home all time , they only went outside only when she say so . 

The two of her maids was  husband Sekhar and wife Rekha. They used to work together at their house from the last 20 years . She and Dr Ragav have full trust on Sekhar and Rekha. Before asking anything from Sekhar and Rekha , he checked the cctv footage and checked who came to the house before Dr Ragav came to the house.  Detective Rohit Dutta  checked the days Dr Ragav was not at home 6 people checked into the house . One was the gardener, 2nd was  food delivery men ,3rd one was the driver , 4th one was the two air condition repair man and finally Rajat, cousin of Rekha .

Each of the outsider does not stay for more than 2 hours other than Rekha’s cousin Rajat. He stayed for 1 day . According to Rakha , he came here to see Dr Ragav , as he had a hamstring pull on his left leg. As Dr was not at home,  he left out next day and went to another hospital . But what caught the attention of detective was , Rajat has came to the house with bandage on his left leg , but the day he left it was on right leg . Detective Rohit informed the police and the police arrested Rekha and her cousin . 

As Rekha used to live here for years , she were aware of everything . She sent a photograph of the painting and Rajat with the help of a painter made a fake one. When Rajat came to the house, he replaced the original with the fake one . Police arrested Rajat and handed the original painting to Dr Ragav Choudhury . 

Moral : Never trust anyone 

–END–

