Mystery Short Story – The Nalamalai Forest

Photo credit: 

 from 

On the 1st of October, Ravi, the detective, came from America to meet his cousin Lahari who lives in Kerala.

 One day he saw Lahari sitting little dull so he asked her what the matter was but Lahari did not say anything. Ravi persuaded her to tell him so that he can try to fix it.

Lahari started telling her, “Rupa is my best friend. Her father is an archeologist and went to the Nalamalai forest to research about a haunted castle in the middle of the forest. Three days passed by but her father still didn’t return. She didn’t talk with me and wept the whole day.I feel disturbed now”.

Then Ravi asked, “Is there a haunted castle in the Nalamalai forest?”.

Lahari said “yes there is a haunted castle in the Nalamalai forest.No one dares to go inside the castle and even the people who went there still did not return and that was the castle where Genghis Khan lived. It is said that his soul is still in the castle”, Lahari paused and asked “wait why do you need to know about it?”

But Ravi did not say anything instead he went inside the bedroom . As he got enough details he did not bother Lahari. Later he got all the details by surfing in the computer. That night he thought of going to the forest and to know about Ghengis Khan’s soul.

As he went to the forest he thought of getting a sage’s blessings. Luckily he saw a sage and took his blesssing. He also told him that he was in his way to the NALAMALAI forest. As the sage had powers he was able to clear the doubts of Ravi. He started narrating the story about Genghis khan.

“Long, long, long time ago there lived a very cruel king named , Genghis khan. He used to send his people to rob things from the villagers every day. The people did not know what to do but just weep. At last they came up with a decision to kill the king. That very night at that castle all the villagers together killed Genghis khan.”, the sage then paused a while and said “Genghis khan was killed on the full moon day so his soul is still in the castle killing all the people”

The sage asked him why he needed about it.When he said the whole story about Rupa and Lahari, he said, “Don’t go there. You are too young and may get killed”.

Ravi said that he likes adventures like these. The sage gave him a bracelet and said “this device can work if you use your head” then Ravi continued his journey.

When he reached the haunted castle, he saw that it was all covered with spider webs and the bats were flying around. He was not scared because he came across many of such spooky things before.

When he opened the door and went inside it creaked and closed by itself. He went upstairs to find any clues. He got little scared. Just then a black cat jumped on his face. He then shouted and went to a room where he saw so many statues and recognized Rupa’s father. Soon he heard some noise,  so he went down to see what it was.  To his surprise it was the soul of Genghis Khan.

As he knew that Genghis khan was going to kill him he thought of using the bracelet that the sage gave him.When he took it out from his pocket to kill Gengis Khan, he started to come near Ravi. As he was across the window and the moon’s rays were falling inside the room he saw the bracelet flickering some light and that light flashed on Genghis khan’s soul and the soul just vanished in the thin air .

But how could he free Rupa’s father?

He thought of taking the statue to the sage he met. After taking him to the sage he felt very happy on seeing Ravi again.The sage then freed Lahari’s father from the curse. When he came home he saw Lahari crying . He forgot that he did not tell her before leaving to the castle.

After seeing him, Lahari ran and hugged him .Behind him were Rupa and her father. After seeing them Lahari started smiling. Lahari was happy as usual but was also angry at Ravi. He couldn’t leave her angry, so he presented her the bracelet that sage gave him as a gift.

Just then Ravi got a call to which he said ”BACK TO A MYSTERIOUS ADVENTURE AGAIN!!!!”

__END__

