Pokémon – The Light and the Dark : Chapter 2

Photo credit: 

 from 

Pikachu and Grovyle began their rigorous training at the Pokemon Guild on the next day of their recruitment. Chatot and Wigglytuff were too rude and gave them several orders which they performed including such a horrible tasks of cleaning the bathrooms and toilets. Machamp was the guild master who ordered Pikachu and Grovyle to help other guild members – Bidoof, Chimchar, Totodile, Croagunk, and Chimecho in their works. Grovyle and Pikachu helped them and then the night came. Under the full moon, Machamp called everyone and then introduced Pikachu and Grovyle to other members. Till then the guild members were thinking that they were just tourists but then Machamp revealed that they were the new recruits.

Everyone welcomed them and talked very smoothly. Chimecho called it a day and everyone went on dinner. Next day, Chatot and Bidoof took them and told them about the Guild and other members and gave them the first mission to arrest Drowzee,

Bidoof – You are the new explorers. Look, this is the Bulletin Board, here you can see Pokémon News and help requests too. You can get new missions from here and indeed, exploration mission are given from the Pokémon Federation. Your first duty is to arrest Drowzee, he is a criminal with bounty on his head.

 Pikachu – Alright, then we are going to arrest him.

 Chatot – Good luck and don’t fail.

Team Pokémon then left for the Daybreak ruins to arrest Drowzee. They met Drowzee along with his minions.

 Pikachu – Enough Drowzee. It’s over. You are arrested.

 Drowzee – And who do you think you are?

 Grovyle – We are Team Pokémon from Pokémon Guild and are here to arrest you.

 Drowzee – Do you think I am going with you so easily?

Then Drowzee attacked them and so Team Pokémon. Pikachu’s thunderbolt was critical and Drowzee was defeated. He was arrested and handed over to Officer Magnezone. They returned to Pokémon Guild where Machamp thanked them for arresting Drowzee and gave them the reward of a Ginseng and two hundred Poke gold coins.

At the dinner time, Wigglytuff, announced everyone about strange happenings all over the Poke World. Even the Joyland is suffering with it. Most Pokémons are having nightmares and they fear that something terrible was going to happen.

 Wigglytuff – Chatot and Totodile, you two, tomorrow, are going to Midnight Forest and investigate about it.

 Chatot and Totodile – Roger

 Wigglytuff – Croagunk and Bidoof, you two are going to Sunshine City to meet Team Raider.

 Bidoof and Croagunk – Aye, Aye, Captain.

 Wigglytuff – Pikachu and Grovyle, you two are going to explore Concealed Ruins. Explore them and find out the cause of these troubles.

 Pikachu and Grovyle – Fine.

Then everyone went to their rooms and slept except Pikachu and Grovyle. They were thinking about their first exploration mission. Pikachu – I think tomorrow will be a busy day. I should rest tonight. Maybe I’ll learn my true identity?

[TO BE CONTINUED]

