He was in a semi-consious state. Surreal sounds like the screeching of knives, high pitched screams and the dripping of blood was echoing his ears. After struggling to muster the consciousness and opening his eyes, Anil saw himself in the middle of a murky prison.              

It was divided by cells in which psychotic individuals were imprisoned. They wore one article of clothing-the underwear and were resembling coal-black marks and red blotches all over their emaciated body . They had hairs like a messed up sparrow’s nest. A prisoner was sitting in a corner with despair, like losing ever ounce of hope in his life, one was holding his hairs like he will plug out them, another one was beating his head constantly against the and blood was dripping through his forehead to the ground, but still he was unceased.

They were seemingly importuning for their liberty. It seemed like they were forcefully bought here and imprisoned against their will and being tortured horrendously.Anil was dumb-strucked at his sight. It was his worst nightmare. He decided to move forward and by doing so he discovered that this place is one hell;an inescapable hell. When he walked past the cells he saw a door half open, from where incessant screams were coming. Anil was shedding tears and was in compunction about his life and the turn of events that bought him here. He decided to push past the door as there was seemingly no other exit. He garnered his emotions and decided to go past the door. His hands were trembling, eyes shedding incessant tears.

By entering in the room, he saw a prisoner like himself fettered from head to toe and was being laid on the floor.Their was a well-built man standing just besides him, who was probably the prison chief and along with him there stood few officials who too were involved in this torturing game. They were taking his nails off, poking a sharp knife beneath his foot, and the chief was fulminating him with one line-“you are my prisoner, I have encaged you.”

He was being fettered by shackles from head to toe. His body was thinned out and the deadly red marks caused by the shackles were proliferating all around the area that surrounded the shackles.Anil was on the verge of a headlong rush, until one official saw him and moved towards him.

“Ah…….. we got a new rooster here, waiting to be fried. What’s your name,you little chicken?” said the official in a way that had an air of devilish charm.

“A………Anil”

“How much time you have been here?”

” Just a couple of minutes.”

“So you must have seen this beautiful place. Do you like our guest treatment. I’m sure you do.”By saying the last word of the sentence, the official starts laughing and other officials join him along with the chief. Anil’s forehead starts sweating. An air of dread surrounds him and his eyes are like a goat ready to be slaughtered.

“Look, please, I didn’t wanted to visit this place. I don’t know how I came here. Please let me go. I don’t even know what this place is all about.”

“Don’t worry chick. Nobody comes here by their own will. He is been dragged here by us,” said the official with widened pupils.

He came forward and waved other officials to come and capture Anil. They took him by both of his hands and legs and started to remove his clothes. After that they settled him in a prison cell. It was way narrow and unpleasant than the ones he saw first. They fettered him from head to toe. Anil heard some heavy footsteps and a dreadful shrilling sound. The prison chief walked in. He had a driller in his hand. Anil imagined himself being minced by the driller and started screaming as hardly as he can, incessantly. The official s held him even tighter.

The screaming continued, the chief switched on the driller, he walked close and he was on the verge of turning Anil into a dead pieces. Abruptly Anil heard a voice. He unconsciously recognized the voice. The voice was of his mother’s.”Anil please respond, are you OK.”

Anil opened his eyes and saw himself in a place which was looking like a clinic. By opening his eyes he saw his mother and father and a doctor surrounded him. He scanned his body and found no cuts. His entire body had no lacerations or marks of the driller. He tried to get up from his bed.

He looked into his parents face and found despair in their eyes.The doctor went away into other room. There was complete silence for few minutes. Anil didn’t questioned about anything to his parents. The doctor walked in and threw a file on the bed. Anil opened it. He saw his name it. There he was stunned by what he read.

–END–

