Psychological Story – UNFORESEEN

UNFORESEEN – Psychological Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“So when the bride comes in and she makes her giant, grand entrance I like to glance back at the poor getting married cause even though I think he’s an idiot for willingly entering into the last legal form of slavery he always looks really really happy”

Voice from the speaker

Phone ringing….

“Oh who the hell is that, every time i see this movie somebody will call and spoil my mood

Paused the movie and took the call

“Hello….”

“Hi, I am Norman”

“Hey what’s up, where are you there are no calls or messages from you, what happened????”

NORMAN: Caroline are you busy now???

CAROLINE: no……. tell me….. How are you???

NORMAN: fine, i just need a help

CAROLINE: what happened, tell me

NORMAN: i need a cell phone number

CAROLINE: whose???

NORMAN: SAM

CAROLINE: Which Sam???

NORMAN: Sorry you don’t know him

CAROLINE: what??? Are you kidding me?

NORMAN: Listen, I will tell you how to get that number. He is in Facebook and i will give his fb id, make him your friend, be close and get his number

CAROLINE: who is SAM???

NORMAN: i will tell you everything, first you get that number

CAROLINE: Norman, I am not sure that I can do it

NORMAN: don’t worry; you can do it…. so I am telling it to you. Just try, bye goodnight

CAROLINE: bye goodnight

A message alert is heard from the Caroline’s phone. She opened it and read. It was the details of Sam.

 Caroline is an average girl, she thinks everything before she do that. But every action will come towards her like a boomerang. Whatever it may be, she helps her friends. For that reason she reopened her Facebook account, which has been deactivated by herself with a heavy heart. Caroline falls in love with a guy who she met through Facebook. He left her 3 months ago. To avoid the memories she deactivated her account. Now she is getting better and starts to enjoy.

When norman called her, she was seeing the movie “27 dresses”, which is her favourite movie, though she had seen it more than 27 times she keeps on seeing the same movie, anyway she connected her system to internet and sign in to her Facebook account. She goes through her account; new comments were got for her pictures. After reading the comments she looked the friend list. She check it again, again and again with a deep inhale she hold the air for one second and she whispered to herself while slowly exhaling and with tearful eyes

“Jiffin unfriend me”

She cried and logged out and went to bed.

Jiffin was that guy who Caroline met through Facebook. They were seriously taken their relation for 2 years. But somehow Jiffin lost his interest in taking their relation anymore. He knows Caroline didn’t accept it so he began to make a distance between them. He successfully avoided her from his life.

Next morning:

After doing her daily routine, she logged in to the Facebook. On the search box she typed “JIFFIN”

Suddenly she deleted it and type “SAM”

Many search results are there, from that she find the SAM with the information Norman tells to her. She sends a friend request. Logged out and check her horoscope.

“Bad day again” after reading the it she said to herself

“I will never read it again………. predictions…. Superstitions……”

She closed that page and logged in to the Facebook again. Sam accepted her friend request. She called Norman, he didn’t take the call.

A chat message comes from SAM

SAM: hai….. Did you know me????

CAROLINE: sorry, I didn’t, but I want to know you…..

SAM: ok you are now my friend.

CAROLINE: thank you for accepting me

SAM: what are you doing now?

CAROLINE: studying

SAM: where???

Caroline gets nervous and logged out. She thought if she gives her details to an unknown person there is a chance that he will hurt her, so she relaxed and take a decision that she will not tell anything related to her. Then how will she get his number. To get his number she must be so close and tell the details.

Next day:

She logged in to the Facebook. She saw Sam’s message

SAM: gone????

 Take care, bye

 …

Today:

SAM: good morning….have a nice day

CAROLINE: good morning SAM

SAM: hey where did you go last night?

CAROLINE: sorry, power failed

SAM: where are you studying?

CAROLINE: Sam I cannot say it through this way

SAM: what???? Anything wrong

CAROLINE: if you don’t mind can you give your cell phone number

 (Silence)

CAROLINE: Sam, you there???

Caroline get scared, she became shy about her doing. “What did he think about me now, oh god he will think I am crazy” thinking these words on her mind, Sam’s reply come

SAM: sorry, my mom came in, I have two numbers, but this number I am using mostly 8523654120. Give me a ring

CAROLINE: yes of course, I will

SAM: what are you waiting for…? Call me now

CAROLINE: now… I didn’t have enough balance, bye I will call you later

Caroline logged out.

“Oh my god, I got his number….. What such an idiot he is…..did anyone give their cell phone number to an unknown person?” She get excited and laughed and said. Thinking a little while her mind said to herself, “is it a right thing to cheat a person, who believes you and for what purpose Norman needs his number. Did he want to kill or punch Sam. who is Sam, I need to know.”

Caroline logged in. Sam gets offline. She searched Sam’s profile; perfect he is a graduate and working in a leading company. She then go through his friends, she suddenly get stunted and said “Jiffin”. She exhaled forcefully. She logged out. Go to bed. She needs some rest. She slept.

Phone rings…………………

She frightened and attend the call

Caller: hi this is your service provider; we have some excited offers for you. For that press one

Caroline cut the call. She thought all possibilities and takes a decision. She will never give his number to Norman. He is god’s messenger to find Jiffin. Due to so many thinking she slept again.

When she wake up it become late at night. She again started to think “Giving a call or message is good messaging is perfect for introduction otherwise nervous talk will break the impression”. Caroline decided to message Sam.

Caroline left a message to Sam ‘HI”.

Sam suddenly replied

Sam’s message: sorry, who is this????

Caroline: Sam I am Caroline

Sam: hai is this your number

Caroline: yes

Sam: can I save it

Caroline: of course

Sam: can I call you now

Caroline: yeah sure

After five minutes Caroline’s phone rang. She takes the phone very happily and talks to Sam without any tension though he was a stranger.

Every day they began to talk and for every single thing they began to message. Messaging and calling make them very close. But Caroline did not get much information about Jiffin from Sam. She tried to get information about him but there is no result. Sam and Jiffin were school friends now they have no contacts. Even though she didn’t get any information she treated Sam as her best friend.

One fine morning,

Caroline wake up and messaged Sam “GOODMORNING HAVE A NICE DAY”

There is no reply. She checked the delivery report. The message is delivered. She again messaged the same message. There is no reply from him. Then she called him. No response. Nobody has taken the call. She called and called and called. Sam not attended the call. She messaged him

“Where are you?”

“What happened to you?”

“Why are you not messaging me?”

Many many messages many many calls there is no reply. Where is Sam??? What happened to him??? No news about him. Caroline messaged and calls him every day but there is no reply. That makes her very sad. Gradually number of calls and messages to Sam decreases. But Caroline didn’t forget Sam.

Days pass. One day Caroline logged in to the Facebook, she saw a new picture of Sam which was posted half an hour ago. She sends a chat message. No reply had come. She was really sad because she worried any mistake from her ruined the friendship between she and Sam. So she wants to say sorry. She sends a friend request to one of Sam’s friend. He accepted her request. He sends a message “hai”

Caroline feels something wrong but she replied “hai”

Sam’s friend: do you know me???

Caroline: no, is Sam your friend???

Sam’s friend: did you fall in his trap???

Caroline: what??? What trap????

Sam’s friend: he is not a good guy; give me your number I will say you something about him.

Caroline wondered and gave her number. He called her. He said unbelievable stories about Sam. He also had some recordings belonging to Sam. He played many recordings for Caroline; they were the recordings of phone calls of Sam with some girls, after playing that recordings, Sam’s friend began to questioning her. He advises her. Caroline get confused and said “okay alright, how can I believe you because you are saying bad things about your friend to an unknown”.

Sam’s friend say” you are a girl and Sam is my best friend, I know him very well, so I am telling it to you for helping you, get away from him, I will introduce his x- girlfriend to you”

Caroline: no………… thanks for your kind heart

Sam’s friend: wait, she wants to tell something to you

Caroline: to me??? How did she knows me

Sam’s friend: wait for a while

After saying that he put Caroline’s call on hold. After a few second he conference her call and said “hello”

Caroline said to him “what is going on”.

“Hai Caroline, I am Jessica, Sam’s x-girlfriend. Did you still love him??? He is crazy and he needs girls for his desires. He didn’t know morals, values and relationships. I trusted him but he gave me nothing more than pain. Not me many girls, did you heard the recordings. I need him; I want him because I still love him. Please help me Caroline takes him to a place for me. I want to talk to him.”

Caroline wants to get rid of it. She said “Me!!!! Jessica how can I do that I am not the proper person for that, please select another one, good luck”

Jessica: “Don’t say like that please helps me I am also a girl like you… please; don’t make me alone, the only one way before me is suicide”

Caroline frightened and said after a clearing her throat

“Jessica… wait, I will try…. Don’t do any foolish thing…. I will took him before you”

Saying these Caroline cut the call and put off the light and sat silently on the darkness.

Next morning:

Caroline thought and said to herself, “he is trapping every girl he knows, and then it will not be a wrong thing to trap him. May be Jessica suffer the most, but she still loves him, how pure and true is love”

For Jessica, Caroline called Sam, he didn’t answer the call. Then she messaged to him. He didn’t respond to it. She then messaged him about the recordings. After a few while, Sam replied to her message. She said “if you need any information call me”.

Sam called her. She then told that she wants to see him it was very important and she had many more information to tell. At first Sam disagree with it. But Caroline said more lies to him. At last, Sam agrees and they planned to meet at the city junction at 11 am tomorrow. Caroline also agreed, after disconnecting the Sam’s call Caroline called Sam’s friend and said “Sam agree to see me”.

Afternoon Jessica called Caroline and said “Sam’s friend told me that he agreed to see you, where did he come???”

Caroline: “at the city junction, at 11 am tomorrow”

Jessica: “thank you Caroline we can meet tomorrow, I will be there, call me at this number”

Caroline: bye

Jessica: bye

Caroline cannot sleep. She became nervous because she doesn’t know what happen tomorrow. If Sam realize he is cheating by her he will take revenge on her, Jessica is Sam’s x-girlfriend when they meet each other after a breakup, at that situation how the scene will go. A lot of questions go through Caroline’s mind.

Do they reunite????

Does he know I am cheating him????

What will I do when they are talking????

How should I behave?????

Does Sam come alone???

Does Jessica come with her friends or parents or cops?????

Does Sam hit Jessica????

Or Jessica hit Sam???

Or whether both of them hit me for anything???

So many questions make Caroline nervous and tensed. She cannot sleep. Thinking about tomorrow she fell in sleep.

Alarm beeps,

Caroline wake up frighten. She looked the time. Its 9 am, she gets ready with an unwilling mind

Phone rang

Caroline didn’t take that call. Phone rang once again. She looked it, it was Sam, she messaged she will be there in time. She gave the same message to Jessica for avoiding her call.

Caroline reaches there by 11.15 am. She called Sam and asked where he is, he told he was on the left side of the road,

Caroline say to stay there and she called Jessica. Caroline said where the Sam was waiting. Jessica told to Caroline to stand right side of the road facing Sam and when Sam see Caroline and he crosses the road Jessica will come or otherwise he will see Jessica and will go then Jessica cannot talk to him and all the plan get destroyed . Caroline does that. Caroline went to the right side of the road she saw Sam and Caroline stand facing towards Sam. Caroline waves her hand and with her hands she gives an indication to Sam for cross the road. When Sam crosses the road a fast moving red car with number 5252 come and smashed Sam. Sam was died at the spot.

Every one crowded around Sam. Cops come there. Traffic was controlled and everything is cleared within an hour. Police questioned the witness. They didn’t recognize the car. After hitting, the driver didn’t stop, he takes the car fast.

 Caroline gets shocked after seeing that accident. She saw the car because she watched Sam. She didn’t tell it to anyone.

On nights she cannot sleep. She saw unexplainable dreams and in all her dreams Sam will come. She was feared and upset. So she gets up and cried along the nights. She felt sorry about Sam because she believed that due to her Sam died. That accident memory haunted her. To forget that memories she engaged in her own duties. She carefully didn’t attend the calls from Jessica and Sam’s friend. Deep inside her heart she hated them.

After a week later that incident, Jessica called Caroline. Caroline didn’t recover from that fully. Jessica and Sam’s friend called Caroline. Caroline attends their calls without her mind and they started to say soothing words to her. Caroline gets irritated of this.

“They are the responsible for Sam’s accident, and I unknowingly become a part of that sin. If I did not call Sam, he will never come” she said to herself. To get away from their phone calls Caroline changed her number. To give her new number she called Norman. Norman’s father takes the phone and said “hello”

Caroline: hello, is that Norman

Norman’s father: no, I am his father, who are you

Caroline: I am Norman’s friend can I talk to Norman

After a silence

Norman’s father replied “my son died a week before” he began to cry.

Caroline cut the call. Her mind goes blank. Next day she went to Norman’s house. At the entrance a large picture of Norman was placed. After looking at that for a while, Caroline went into the home. There Norman’s parents his brother and sister was at a low energy level. Memories come into her mind. He and Caroline were friends from school onwards. She went to the garden and sees the flowers. Where they usually sit and talk. Norman’s sister came near her and said he loved his friends. Caroline cannot control her emotions, she cried out loud. Sister holds her and said he is seen disturbed at that week. Did he say anything about his life???

Caroline replied “no” and continued “what make you think like that”.

Sister said “before a couple of weeks he was busy with some phone calls and I felt he is disturbed”

Caroline, “I don’t know he didn’t tell anything to me, I have to go”

Norman’s sister tells the brother to drop Caroline at the bus stop. He goes and takes the car. Red color car with number 5252. Seeing that car, Caroline fainted on the ground. She was taken to the home and after a few minutes she regain her conscious, sister was on her side, Caroline asked “whose car is that???

“Norman’s…… are you ok” sister replied

“When did he bring that car???” Caroline again asked

Sister replied, “2 years ago…what happened, is anything wrong????”

Caroline said “no, nothing”

After sitting silently with lot of doubts in her mind, Caroline said to the sister secretly “whose calls made Norman disturbed”.

Sister said, “I don’t know”

Caroline said,” Can I see Norman’s cell phone”

“Of course, come on” said by the sister and handed his cell phone.

Caroline check the call log, it was cleared, she checked his inbox it was also cleared, she checked the contacts there was no contact on the name Jessica. She dialed Jessica’s number and called, and then the name shows Maria. She cut the call and gives to his sister.

Caroline come to her home. She sits silently. She lied down to the bed and think. She gets confused. She wants to know the truth.

She called Sam’s friend.

Sam’s friend: hello

Caroline: who is Jessica?

Sam’s friend: who are you???

Caroline: I am Caroline, did you forget me???

Sam’s friend: whose number is this; I am not an idiot to forget you, I called you many times but the call is not connected.

Caroline: I am sorry, this is my new number and please don’t give this number to Jessica

Sam’s friend: what happened???

Caroline: please don’t give my number to Jessica

Sam’s friend: no, trust me

Caroline: who is Jessica? Who is she???

Sam’s friend: I don’t know, what happened I know her through the Facebook

Caroline: give her Facebook id

Sam’s friend: I think she deleted it

Caroline: did she delete the account???

Sam’s friend: yes, what happened??? anything wrong???

Caroline: did she call you after that incident???

Sam’s friend: yes, she called me, what happened???

Caroline: is she happy????

Sam’s friend: if you know something tell me straight, otherwise how can I answer you?

Caroline: nothing, bye

Caroline disconnected the call and put her old number again and called Jessica, she didn’t attend the call. Caroline called many times, but Jessica didn’t take the call. Getting angry and sad she called Sam’s friend and said,” Her name is not Jessica she is fake, her real name is Maria, she lied to us and she killed Sam”

Sam’s friend gets shocked and said “are you mad, what happened to you, what you are talking about, who told that her name was Maria and she killed Sam”

Caroline said “I saw the car she used to kill Sam, and from there I got the name Maria”

Sam’s friend gets confused and said “cool down don’t tell this to anyone. We have to put this as a secret or it will harm us too… and also don’t contact Jessica”

Caroline “I know, if anyone had known about the truth she will kill us.

Both of them sit silently

 

At Norman’s home:

The bell rang. Norman’s sister opens the door. Looking at her Norman’s sister asked “Who are you????”

“I am Norman’s friend I reached my home yesterday so I cannot attend the funeral ceremony I feel sorry about him” she replied

Sister said “sorry i didn’t get you what is your name???”

“Jessica” she replied

Both of them get inside the home Norman’s mother was making coffee. Sister goes inside and both of them come. Mother takes some coffee to Jessica and sat on a chair near to her. Mother began to tell about her son and started to cry, sister take her inside and come back and sit at a chair. Looking at her sister asked “I know most of his friends, he didn’t tell about you”

“How did you know my brother” sister asked to her

“We both studied in the school and I am his friend not so close one” Jessica replied

“Did you know Caroline????” sister again asked

Jessica gets surprised and said “Caroline”

“Yes she studied with him in school” sister said

Jessica: oh Caroline I know did she come

Sister: yes 2 days before

After a while Jessica asked “Can you give some water”

“Oh yes” sister replied and go inside.

Jessica suddenly picks her phone and looks the call log. 2 days ago she got a missed call from Norman’s phone and also at the evening Caroline called Jessica many times. Jessica understands the plot. She realizes Caroline had known all the truth. Without saying anything she left the home.

Sister come with water she didn’t see Jessica there. She searched Jessica.

When Jessica reached her home she called Caroline. But Caroline changed her number so Jessica‘s call is not connected. Jessica called Sam’s friend.

Sam’s friend get confused and he firstly think he had to drop that call. But he cannot do that he pick up the call and talk to her as usual

Sam’s friend: hello, how are you????

Jessica: fine, hey what happened to Caroline, she is out of reach

Sam’s friend: she changed her number

Jessica: can you give that number

Sam’s friend: she didn’t give it to me

Jessica: give her number.

Jessica’s sound gets changed. It’s no sweeter, it sounds wild and fear. Sam’s friend gets scared and said,” she didn’t give me”

Jessica with her wild and rude voice said “look………… I know you both know all things…..so don’t be afraid I will come to see you and Caroline as far as possible………bye”

Call get disconnected

Sam’s friend get nervous and he decided to call Caroline. He understood that the things said by Caroline were true. He called Caroline and said all things to her. They became afraid and worried about Jessica. He felt sorry for taking Caroline in this issue. He apologizes to her. Caroline was afraid and she needs some help and support. Knowing that Sam ‘friend take a decision in his mind that what ever happened to him Caroline has to make safe and make Caroline away from Jessica.

Door knocks…..

Caroline opened the door. Seeing Sam’s friend she wondered and said “happy to see you and don’t put me alone”.

Sam’s friend: I know, don’t worry, nothing will happen

Caroline: thanks for your support

Sam’s friend: I need to tell something about Jessica

Caroline: tell me

Sam’s friend: this is not a proper place

Caroline: oh I am sorry come on in, do you want anything to eat

Sam’s friend: no thanks… she called me and she knows we know the truth. She also said she will come to see us immediately… Her sound was something like groaning

Caroline: she is a psycho; we have to care about it. She will do anything. She killed Sam and my friend who really helped her. She will kill us… I don’t know how to escape

Sam’s friend: don’t worry; I know you cannot handle this situation alone so I am here.

Caroline: can we inform it to the police

Sam’s friend: are you mad……… if any case will take we will also but in bars.

Caroline: then what will we do???

Sam’s friend: tell to her parents, treatment can cure it, doing murder is a disease mental disease.

Caroline: how will we get her address????

Sam’s friend asked his friend to get the details of Jessica’s number. After an hour his friend called and says the address. Sam’s friend and Caroline go to the house as per the address. The gate was locked and seems no one lives there for months. There were no houses near to that house. After walking a 15 minute they saw a house. They went there. There were an old man and woman. They asked about the details of Jessica and her family. The old man and woman remember the family.

Old woman asked “who are you???”

They replied “we are Jessica’s friends”

Old woman: did you studied with her???

Caroline: no….now she is staying with me. Caroline looked at Sam’s friend and replied by covering her lie with a smile.

Sam’s friend added that they want to know more about Jessica.

Old woman said “about what??? You can asked to her straightly”

Sam’s friend: Jessica doesn’t talk to her friends too much. We want to know what happened to her for this distinct character. So we want to know about her past. If her behaviour can be corrected we try our best to make her nice and casual.

Old woman began to tell.

At the age of 5 Jessica with her mother and her father come to this place. Her father was a leading advocate. He brought that house from a money lender who moved to city for business. Jessica’s family was rich enough. They lived there peacefully and happily. Jessica’s father and mother were very good people and helping hand for those needs help. Jessica’s father wanted to make her an advocate.

Years go away. Season changed. Jessica grown up. She is good in studies and she joined a college. Like her parents she was also a calm hearted person. In the college she met a guy. Both of them love each other without any border. He studied Jessica very well and he cunningly plays love and brought whatever he wants from her. She believed that he was in real love with her. She helped him as she could. Even she gives money to him without any count. She thought he is deeply and truly loved her. She believed that he will be loyal and trustworthy.

Sad to know that the guy is not a good one he had many such relations with in the college and outside. At first she thought they are rumours and she didn’t believe them. But more and more things she comes to know. When she began to know these she questioned him. Firstly he said it was not true and the one who he loves is she. But more and more news heard about him. Quarrels start in their relation and Jessica get upset and began to speak boldly and confidence to him. When he felt Jessica cannot be convinced by acting he agrees.

Jessica gets depressed. But she loved him so much so she was ready to forgive him. She said about him to her father and mother. By seeing their daughter’s love they said yes to their marriage. She informed it to him. Jessica’s father saw his parents and speaks about their relation. They were also happy for such an alliance.

He with her parents comes to Jessica’s house. Everybody was invited. Jessica’s father planned to fix their marriage at that day. With dances, music and food everyone was in a celebration mood. All were happy. Everyone went to their own house very late at night. I remember that day, everyone was in merriment.

The marriage date is fixed. Marriage is fixed on the next week itself. All decorations start at the Jessica’s house. On the marriage day, all relatives, friends, family members, neighbours  everyone came at the church. The time was going groom was not come. Jessica with her wedding dress and jewels looked like an angel. She looked at the road eagerly without blinking her eyes. All one get nervous. Someone called him in his number his phone was switched off, everyone go here and there to search what happened, nobody knows where he was. Time was going. All get tensed and Jessica with her father went to his home; at his house there were no marriage decorations and there were only his father and mother, they didn’t know where he was. The marriage gets off.

Jessica sat on her room without saying anything to anybody and eating anything and even drinking a drop of water. A week later they shifted their house. Old woman said it with a sigh. She clearly memories the incident. Old woman continued that “Jessica is a good girl. She loves every one; sometimes she will come here and eat with as. In this lone less life her presence gives us a daughter’s care and a hope.”

Caroline and Sam’s friend look each.

Sam’s friend asked “now where is Jessica’s parents???”

“Somewhere in the city” old woman replied.

“Give them some food, I think they are hungry” old man said

Caroline said “no, we aren’t we have to go now”

Caroline and Sam’s friend stand up. They were stopped by the old woman.

“Eat some food, for we it’s our pleasure” old woman by saying this get up and go inside and come with 4 plates.

Caroline forced Sam’s friend to go but Sam’s friend stopped Caroline and said “we have to eat, think as our grandparents. Hearing the words Caroline agreed and both of them washed their hands. They sit on the table. Old man also sits on one side of the table.

Caroline asks to the old man, “when did Jessica will come??”

“He didn’t know” girl’s voice from the door

 Caroline and Sam’s brother turned their face towards the door and both said together “JESSICA”

Old man smiled and said “come come my little girl”

Jessica come in and kissed the old man at his cheeks and go to kitchen. They heard some words from old woman and Jessica. For one minute they became quiet and they come out and sit on the table. All started to eat.

“Why didn’t you tell about these friends” old woman asked

“Yes, we were great friend, I liked them very much” Jessica replied with a meaning less smile in her lips.

“Why are you sitting silently, Jessica you know they asked about you and your past, now why are you not talking to each other” old woman said

“They will not speak anything” after looking at Caroline and Sam’s friend Jessica said.

Old woman asked “what happened my girl you look so angry”

Jessica immediately stand up and hit the old woman down and said “shut up”

Sam’s friend gets up and goes to hit Jessica. After walking two steps Sam’s vision get dull and he cannot put his feet on ground and cannot stoop up right, he fainted and he looked at Caroline she was not there. He falls down the ground before losing his conscious he saw Caroline fell down on the ground near to her seat. He lost his conscious.

“Wake up, wake up” Jessica slapped on Sam’s friend’s face. Sam’s friend opens his eyes slowly. For a while he cannot understand anything, after a while he gain his memory. His hands and legs were tied and taped the mouth. He looked at Jessica, and all around him. He saw Caroline at another side. Her hands were also tied up and taped in the mouth. She was crying. At her side on a chair the old lady was tied and taped in her mouth and on another chair old man was also tied up and taped the mouth.

They all were in the old man’s house. He cannot calculate the time. A dim bulb light was switched on. That light makes each one hopeless. Everyone have no idea for what to do and how can they escape from Jessica. After waking up all, Jessica looks at each ones face. They are all afraid and their eyes are mercifully requesting Jessica to leave them. All have same expression on their face. Jessica took a chair and put it in the middle so that she can see them all. Jessica said to them

“God is great”, (by lifting her head upwards and said). After a little silence she looked at them and continued, “otherwise how will I know today both of you will come here for searching me. You know (looking at Sam’s friend Jessica said) when I come here and seeing both of you together, what to say, I didn’t have enough preparations for killing you, but with a short thinking I got a plan, if I loss you now(with angry on face she said) it will be a great job for me to find and kill you,(exhaling strongly she continues)

Now my only loss is sleeping pills and a walk to my house,(with a low voice, like whispering) there I am keeping my weapons secretly and safely. I take some of my favourite weapons in a box, there it is (she pointed her hand to a box on the table where they had taken the food, after a moment she smiled and cleared her vocal cord and said in her normal voice) I know, why you are here, I will tell the truth, not truth, my success, (with bold she said) I killed SAM,(turning her face towards Caroline, Jessica continued) it was not an accident I planned it and I did it”. Hearing this Caroline shivered with fear and her heart beats fast.

Jessica get up from the chair and come close to Caroline and she sit near to Caroline and said by touching on Caroline’s cheeks, acting like sad, “Caroline you know Norman was a good guy and he helped me but what to do he moved against me, I don’t like questing me, I only need is some help and my own space. I know what to do and I don’t want to anyone judge or control me. I hated if someone come to my way as obstacle or interfering in my affairs. So I killed, not willingly, but killed Norman”.

Looking at Caroline’s eyes she gets up and walked towards the chair where she sits firstly. After sitting her legs crossed she began to talk “like that I am now forced to kill you people also”.

After looking on Sam’s friend and Caroline, she said “so to make my own way I am going to kill you too”

Jessica looked at the old people and she went near them and continued, “I am so sorry for killing these old people, because they loved me, I cannot kill them because I love them also”.

Saying these words Jessica suddenly turned to Caroline and said fast in a high volume “so you Caroline go to kill them.”

After saying that, Jessica went close to Caroline and pulled the tape from Caroline’s face and told “get ready kid”

Caroline screamed and said “no….i wouldn’t do that…what you want, leave us please, please leave us”

Hearing that Jessica slapped Caroline on both of her cheeks and pulled on her hair, Jessica said “do what I said” after saying this Jessica go near the table and opened the box in which she carried her weapons from her house. Take a long hammer on one hand she said “this is good for a beginner “and she comes close to Caroline, she untied Caroline and said to take that hammer.

” no…. please let we go.” Caroline cried aloud

Jessica: take this

Caroline: look……. Please…. I cannot do that

Jessica: shut up… take this and kill them

Caroline cried and she refused to take that hammer. Jessica hit Caroline and handed the hammer forcefully to her and

said “if you will not do that I will kill you friend” after saying that she suddenly take a revolver from her jeans pocket and pointed it to the Sam’s friend. Caroline gets scared and tells “why are you doing this, what you will get by killing us” she fell on Jessica’s feet and said “please leave us we didn’t come to your way”

Suddenly everyone feared by hearing a gunshot sound and Caroline looked at Sam’s friend. He shot dead. Jessica shot the gun. Caroline shouted aloud. Jessica pointed the pistol towards Caroline. Jessica and Caroline looked each other. One’s eye with evil and other’s eye with mercy.

Looking without blinking her eyes, Jessica said “kill them”

Jessica took the hammer and holds it to Caroline. Caroline goes near to the old man. Jessica in a large voice said “KILL HIM”

Caroline gets shocked and she took the hammer with her hands and lifted up, she lifted it above her head. Holding a second she took a deep breath, she closed her eyes and she began to hit the old man, he blows his leg to Caroline. Caroline fell on the ground and the hammer fell from Caroline’s hand. Seeing this Jessica got angry and she cried aloud looking the roof and pointed her piston towards the old woman and she triggered. Immediately after that she pointer to the old man, by that time Caroline took the hammer and blows it on the Jessica’s head. Jessica‘s head broken and began to bleed. She fell on the ground. Her piston fell down. Caroline untied the old man and called the cops. After a few hours, cops come and take the first formal procedures and the informed to hospital. Jessica was taken to the hospital. Jessica had examined for mental depression disease and she put in a mental hospital for further treatment. After necessary treatment Caroline went to her home. Now Caroline was safe at her house. Old man is also getting well.

Everything becomes normal and good. Few days later, Caroline logged into the Facebook. Many updates, messages and friend requests come. She looked all her messages and she clicked on friend requests. Jiffin send a friend requests to her. It’s seems good after a minute she clicked on ‘not now’ option and she smiled and logged out from Facebook and also she deactivated the account.

__END__

