Psychological Short Story – The Consultant

Photo credit: 

 from 

February 21

 2008

He locked the car and got out. He took the card out of his wallet and checked with the name board, just to confirm that he has landed at the right place. He walked slowly. It is a mansion, but he needs to go to the outhouse in the right. He turned right and entered a small building with a small sit-out. There lay some empty chairs. ‘No rush, good timing!’ he thought.

Five minutes passed. A lady came and called his name. He got up and entered the large, air conditioned room. There behind a table, sits a serious looking man. He wished him with a slight bow and hand gesture. The man motioned his hands asking him to sit in the chair opposite.

‘So, what took you here?’

‘I am a Chartered Accountant. Recently, to be precise, one month back, I purchased a house in Rajagiri Street. Me and my wife live there. The house is good enough for us in all ways. But……but, recently I am having some weird experiences, that is why I came here…..’

‘Tell me about your experiences!’

‘Three weeks ago, being hungry, I entered the kitchen. My wife was taking bath at that time. I saw an old couple in the kitchen. I shouted at them,

‘Who are you?’.

They just vanished. I still don’t know how. My wife came running from the bathroom and saw me standing in the kitchen, chilled. Thereafter, I am seeing these couple every now and then, roaming around my house. But only I see them, not my wife. Sometimes they appear in the dining room, sometimes in the kitchen or bed room or in the garden……actually everywhere. I don’t have any privacy or peace of mind now. I am not a feeble minded person or someone who nurtures superstitions. My wife says something has got into my mind, and there is nothing like that existing in the house. But how can I ignore my sense of sight? She compelled me to meet you. I didn’t tell anyone among my friends’ circle or family about this. I don’t want to be rated as a chicken heart…..’

‘What are those old couple doing when you see them?’

‘Whenever I see them, they are seen talking to each other, as if, only they exist and no one else. I see their lips moving, but I can’t hear any sound. And they always hold their hands together.’

‘Hmm, ok! From whom you bought that house?’

‘The house is one among the many  in that block, newly built and we had booked it earlier and purchased it right from the construction company.’

‘What about your parents? From both both sides?’

‘ My parents are no more. My wife’s parents are still there, very healthy and active’.

‘What about the relations between you both and with your parents?’

‘We all are in good terms. About my parents, I had a little disagreement with them, as they were against my marriage, but, not that a big issue!’

‘Hmm…ok….Look mister, this is just a case of illusion. You might have had some bad experiences from any one, especially, old people or any couples. That may be there still in your mind. Even if you have forgotten, it might be there, at least in your subconscious mind. That leads to all these sort of experiences. You just have to leave this matter, forget it, get immersed in your work and always keep yourself busy. It would have been good, if you took your wife along with you. So I will recommend, you both enjoy your life, go for an outing or so, leaving aside these thoughts…But if you need any help you can come here any time…Just forget it, like a bad dream. There is nothing to worry!’

He leaves the place.

 

April 4

 2008

He arrives at the same place along with his wife.

‘I can’t bear this anymore. They are after me where ever I go. They now make fun of me, laugh at me and are throwing something at me, though nothing hits me….I went on a vacation, at that time I had peace. But soon after coming back to the house, they became more active, now following me, everywhere, sometimes, they may be here too…’

The wife : ‘He says they are after him every time and everywhere, he doesn’t sleep, eat or go for his job, no peace and joy after buying this new house, please help!’

The doctor writes down something and hand it over to the wife.

They leave.

 

April 28

 2008

The news in the daily read:

‘A family of four, including the famous psychiatrist of the state, Dr. Srivastava, his wife, son and daughter, travelling in an Innova car was hit by a truck, leaving all except Dr. Srivastava, dead. He has survived the accident unbelievably and is admitted in the City Hospital.

 

August 3

 2008

He again reaches the small outhouse alone and enters the room.

The old man is still there, sitting with that same serious face. He wished him, the man gestured to sit.

‘So how are you now?’

‘I am perfectly fine. Enjoying my life with my family and enjoying the job too. No more bad days. And I don’t want to think about that wretched period anymore. I sold that house and bought a new one in Pearl Complex. By the way I came here to tell you this and thank you, my wife had insisted me to do this.’ He smiled.

‘Ok, that is good! By the way, how did you reach here?’

‘If you mean, my mode of travel I came in my car….or if…..”

‘Which car?’ The old man’s sound echoed quick and  sharp.

‘My Innova!’

An unexpected burst of a volcano of  fury .

‘Don’t you know that Innova will kill you and who ever travels in it? Car is the worst of all vehicles, that too Innova, must be avoided at any cost. You must dispose it off, as soon as possible, otherwise you will lose everything, believe me, if you don’t, you will have to pay dearly for it…now GET…..OUT!’

Flabbergasted man gets out of the room. He sees someone waiting outside the room for the call from inside.

He walked past the gate. While entering his car he just looked at the name board once more at the gate.

 

The dark letters on the white board fixed on a black pole read:

Dr. Srivastava

Consultant Psychiatrist

City Hospital

Consultation time 9am -12pm and 3pm to 6pm

__END__

