Suspense Short Story – THE MURDER

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Who are you? Tell us everything you know about Sana’s murder.”

Adam, adjusting his hat began to speak. “Sir I’ll start from the beginning. I’m just an ordinary man living in New York. I’m a doctor. I work at the max hospital near the Hudson bank.  Everything was going good, until….until on my way to the hospital I crashed into this girl, Sana. When I made eye contact with her I could see that she was distressed and her beautiful blue eyes were turning red and tears were about to roll down her cheeks. At that very moment, the moment I saw her for the first time, I fell in love with her. It was love at first sight” said Adam, wiping off tears from his cheeks… “The next moment she started to walk away as if nothing had happened. I, I don’t know why but I started following her. Probably because she was the most beautiful lady I had ever seen in my entire life. She stopped at the cliff near Hudson River. If she had taken one more step she would certainly have fallen down. She looked up at the sky. Closed her eyes and jumped.

Without thinking twice, I jumped after her. Underwater I could see her struggling to come to the surface. I grabbed her and pulled her out of the water onto the grass. She pushed me away and said –“ why, why did you have to come and save me, a few more moments and would have died. Why didn’t you let me die?”

I was unable to answer her question. “Why do you want to suicide”, I said. She grabbed her legs around her arms and told me her story, the story of her life………

“I was in a relationship with that man Frank, Robert Frank. I loved him but he betrayed me, he ditched me, I saw him making out with that bi**h, Jenny, my sister. I can’t stand it anymore, he didn’t let me live and you didn’t let me die.”

We sat there in complete silence till evening. No one said a word. Those moments were wonderful just sitting beside her and both of us looking in each other’s eyes,

I took her to my place, and made her feel home. She brought me a glass of wine and took one for herself too. After the drink I showed her the guest room where she was going to stay

“When did all this happen?”

“On the 24

 sir”

“All right, so what happened yesterday?”

“Yesterday? What is the date today?”

“It’s 26

 of May”

“But, but I just woke up this morning and saw Sana’s dead body lying in her room, her face was completely disfigured, I recognized her by the clothes she wore, and then I called up you guys.”

“All right Adam you may go now. But you cannot go abroad until the case is solved.”

“Alright sir”.

Adam was very sad about Sana’s death and as he left the police station and was on his way home he was trying to remember where he was yesterday. Adam knew something was wrong he had an extremely good memory, how could he not remember where he was, what he did on the 25

. As soon as he reached home, he went upstairs to his room and opened his laptop to check the CCTV footage which for some reason the police did not ask for.

In the footage everything was fine till 3am in the morning of the 24

, Adam was sleeping in his room and there was complete silence until he heard the noise of someone walking in his room, he could hear the squeaking noise made when the door of his room opened and shut again with a loud thud.

Adam could not believe it, he was not a heavy sleeper. He used to wake up at even the slightest noises but then how did he not wake up when there was such a loud bang on the door. Still wondering why he did not wake up on that noise he checked 25

’s footage. He realized that he had slept the whole day. Even though the bell rang several times, he did not wake up. Being a doctor he knew that it was because of some drug that he slept for more than 30 hours. He took out his med kit and collected his blood sample.

He went straight to the hospital and asked Elena, his assistant to test the blood for any signs of drugs. Elena took the blood sample and went into the lab; meanwhile waiting outside Adam began thinking about Sana, remembering her blue eyes.

Elena came out of the lab and told him…..the blood had traces of heroin. Elena asked “whose blood sample is it Adam?” “It’s my cousin’s” replied Adam as he strode out of the hospital and took a taxi to home.

At home, drinking wine he thought about the drugs, the drugs that made him sleep for 2 days. He suddenly looked at the wine glass and thought that Sana had given him the drug. “No, this can’t be true, I’m probably thinking too much” Adam said to himself. “Sana could not do such a thing to me, the drugs must have been there in the taco I ate at the stall the day before”. S

aying this he went to his room to sleep. He woke up at 1 in the night as the windows were making a lot of noise because of the fast blowing winds. He closed the windows and cursed as the papers that were on the table and were now all over the room. While he was picking up the papers he came across a sheet on which something was written, something that changed Adams life. It was a letter, a letter written to him by Sana.

Adam

I don’t have much time left.

I am running away. I am going to start a new life.

Goodbye, I will never forget the time that

I spent with you. Adam you are a very good man

And I could not say this last night but…

I love you, I love you Adam.

I received a call from Robert, he said that he

Was coming to take me back.

I won’t go back to him, never.

Goodbye Adam, goodbye….

 

With the crumpled piece of paper in his hand, Adam was sitting on his knees in the middle of his room, unable to react, to move, to stop crying. From that very moment Adam knew that the one who murdered Sana was none other than Robert Frank. After a long sleepless night of thinking Adam had decided that he was going to avenge Sana’s death. He was going to find and kill Robert, no matter what it takes.

After a whole day of research and gathering information Adam came to know that Robert Frank was the owner of the famous brand Zara. He was a multi millionaire. He lived in Pittsburgh. Adam took a wooden block and wrote FOR SALE on it and placed it on his lawn. Within 2 days the house was sold for a fairly good deal. Adam packed his suitcase with all his clothes and other important stuff and for the last time went to his bedroom. Took a piece of paper and wrote a letter a letter to Elena to tell everyone that he was resigning. He took a taxi to the airport and took the plane to Pittsburgh. After a long and boring journey he landed in Pittsburgh. He went to Hampton inn and spend the night there.

In the morning he set out for the Zara shop that was not too far from his hotel. He talked to the receptionist and asked where the Zara head office was. After taking the address and thanking the receptionist he went out, took a taxi and when straight to the head office. It was a big building with a lot of fancy supercars outside it and a ton of bodyguards.

Adam saw a man with a long black beard come out of the building in a black suit and along with 4 bodyguards. He heard the man say to his men “you may go now, no one in this city will dare attack Robert Frank in broad daylight”. Adam rushed to that man and asked him “sir are you Mr. Robert Frank?”

The man scratching his beard said yes. Adam’s hands clenched as if he was about to punch him the face but instead he fell down to his knees, joined his hands and began to cry.

“Sir, my name is Adam. Sir I just lost my job, I was a personal assistant, and my boss removed me without any reason probably because he was an asshole. Sir I need a job and sir I think if I get to work under u it would be a privilege and I won’t let you down. Sir please give me a job, I have heard from many people that you are a very generous man and that is why I came here sir.” Said Adam, trying to convince him and kept on telling white lies for a couple of more minutes.

Adam looked up into Frank’s eyes which were shining like polished diamonds. Frank began to speak “my boy, today is your lucky day, I had just been looking for a PA and I think that you would fit in quite nicely. So when would you like to join?”

“Right now sir, I’ll start right now” said Adam. Robert asked one of his men to bring Adams clothes from the hotel and also to transfer them to the servant room of his house.

As Adam started to work with Frank he came to know more about him, more about his personality, more about his habits and routine. Frank was impressed with Adams work and started to trust him, trusted him more than he trusted anyone else.

Frank bought Adam a house and a car as a reward for his work and started taking him for important deals. Even though Adam acted very nicely in front of Frank and was his best man and also used to get increments on a weekly basis, Adam had not forgotten why he was working with Frank. He was just waiting for the right moment. The right moment to kill him.

Frank had soon given Adam the responsibility to manage all his appointments with clients and had also given him a gun for his protection. Adam soon got details of Franks bank accounts and on a daily basis he started withdrawing money from his account without him noticing it.

Adam knew that Frank now trusted him blindly and he could easily murder him but then in one corner of his heart he kept questioning himself. Did Frank really murder Sana, he seemed to be quite a normal person. Adam had somehow managed to convince himself to believe that Frank was Sana’s murderer.

Adam had decided to take the final step. He had decided to do it. He told Frank that they had to attend a deal with a French client, so without questioning Frank followed him to the car. Adam started driving and as usual Frank started listening to rock music. Adam took Frank to a forest and took out his gun and pointed it towards Frank. Before Frank could say anything, Adam pulled the trigger and with a loud bang Frank was there, covered in blood, dead.

Adam got out of the car and broke the windshield and shot himself in the shoulder and called the police. Within 10 minutes the police was there along with the paramedics and both of them were taken to a hospital.

Adam knew he had done it, he had avenged Sana’s death. But he did not feel that satisfaction that he thought he would feel. No one suspected Adam had murdered Frank. Frank was reported dead by the doctors and this news spread like wildfire. Soon the whole world knew about the death of the multimillionaire. After spending 2 months in the hospital he got discharged and went home. At the door a parcel was waiting for him. He took the parcel and went upstairs to his room to open it. Inside it was a letter and a box that was properly wrapped.

Adam opened the letter and he could not believe what it was, it was a letter written to him by Sana.

To Adam

Thank you Adam for avenging my death. For killing Frank. I could not stand it that Frank cheated on me for my sister, Jenny. So I decided that I would not let then live happily, in fact I wouldn’t let them live at all. So now you must be realizing that all this was a plan, in fact all this was a revenge story. I knew you would fall into  love with me. I crashed into you on purpose. I put heroin in your wine on purpose and I was sure that you would never suspect me. That night I called up jenny to your place and killed her, I made her wear my clothes, went to the lawn and brought a stone and crushed her face. I knew I would not be able to kill Frank that’s why I used you to do it, to do it for me. Now don’t get too surprised open the gift I send you. Now that you know all about me, ill probably have to go to jail.

Yours lovingly

Sana

Adam didn’t know how to react and was still wondering if all this was true. He opened his gift and with a loud bang the box burst. It had a bomb in it. Adam died on the spot and there was Sana outside the house sitting her car and cruelly smiling.

