Revenge Story – Blood Vengeance Her Sleepless Nights

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It’s been 20 long years since my mother had left me ,yes, she passed away. Actually it cannot be just simply said as she passed away, that was a brutal murder by my dad. He is a cold blooded beast in fact whom I hate utmost even now.

We never ever had a peaceful night. My dad was an alcoholic and a womaniser. Daily he came to house at night fully drunk. The very sight of him and his blood red eyes scared both my mother and me. I never saw him in his good mood, never ever spoke softly lovingly to my mother. To add upon he used to kick and beat my poor mother every night, to which she was used to. Me being a kid could simply cry seeing all this heart breaking events.

After all the stunts I used to go near my mother and cry. Weeping I took Balm and applied all over her bloody and contused body.Then with tired and tear laden reddened eyes she looks at me,then gently brushing my hair with her soft hands she says always

“Son, you should never become like your father. Never harm anyone, don’t be cruel. All the above do not drink.”

Still those words are ringing in my ears. I loved my mother very much, more than all. My eyes flooded with tears.

Her marriage with that animal was the worst decision of her life. Poor mother never had happiness in her life there forth. All she could do is simply weep and blaming her fate. She was living just for me, or else she would have left my father much before.

Even I was fed up with all these. But what could I have done then. One night I found my father coming in that same drunkard way. But there was a lady along with him that night. My mother seemed to be very angry that night. I heard my mother screaming and yelling at the top of her voice to him. I could not understand actually what was happening there.

I was wondering who that lady was. She was wearing a bright red sari with golden sequence works,translucent enough to see the golden sleeveless blouse from outside. The smell of jasmine and rose flowers worn on her silky hair gave a mesmerizing fragrance to our house. Her eyes were so black and deep with some kind of hidden story. Lips were blood red and pouted ever tempting the human instincts. Like a queen of beauty she was with such a flawless fair skin.

In no time my father pushed my mother out of rage towards the wall. Then I could see just red and red only everywhere.

With no mercy he took hold the lady’s hand and entered our bedroom and closed the door. He didn’t even think that I am there alive, a human being whom he brought to this world. I screamed my heart out sitting near my lifeless cold dead body of my mother.

I left my house that night itself. Ran long way,took some bus which I never knew. Went somewhere far from him and my place.

Now I am owning a workshop. Am able to stand on my legs. Long years of hatred and vengeance to be fulfilled.

It was then I heard about the famous festival in my native place.The temple is so famous that people from different parts gathers there.I thought of going back t see my place once and for the last time during that auspicious time.

I started the next day early morning itself. By afternoon I reached my native place. Crowd was so dense that we could hardly walk. Elephant processions, temple announcements, chanting of mantras all everywhere throughout the place, giving a sense of trans mood.

Suddenly in the auditorium where ‘annadhanam’ (food offerings to people)is held I happen to see a familiar face .Old wrinkled and a shabby man with grey beard and uncombed hair like a beggar. I took a closer look. Yes it’s him. My long term enemy. I felt an energy cultivating inside me, my blood started to boil and my body started to shiver.

Within no time I ran towards the front of annadhana Queue, some how struggled illegally to get a place in the front of the line so that I can get my food first. Just seconds after getting my food, I ran towards the ‘Pattakkashala’ (place where fireworks stuffs are kept for festival purpose)I could find kerosene, poison powder for fireworks and crackers. I took that and mixed thoroughly into the food and made sure that I wash my hands to avoid the intense poison smell.

I then ran to that ‘person’ and offered him his ‘feast’.Without recognizing who I am that old man took his last supper. My heart was pounding with joy. I made sure that he eats the food completely. Then I started to walk away from there slowly and got mingled into the over flooded crowd .

Suddenly I could hear people running in frantic, sounds of police jeep,ambulance near the food serving auditorium.

By then rumours started to spread that temple ‘prasadam'(food served from temple) is poisoned and some one died vomiting blood. Hearing this I went near the ambulance to have a final look.

Yes what I wished all these years has happened. His dress all soaked with blood, suffocating with half closed eyes.I waited till he gets notice of me. And finally our eyes met. I am sure the vengeance in my eyes. And then he took his last breath ever.

–END–

