The Breeze – Short Story Suspense

Photo credit: 

 from 

One windy evening as I was alone in the house studying leaving the windows partially open and enjoying the cool breeze, suddenly I heard the door bell ringing. For a moment I thought, who could it be at this part of the evening? I walked over to look through the peep hole and found that it was the pizza delivery person who had been knocking on the wrong door, he had come to deliver Pizza to my neighbor.

Locking the door, I went up to the first and second floor to check the doors and windows were closed properly, as I did not want the house to be flooded incase it rained.

Walking into my room, I found muddy finger prints on the book I was reading, I was a little scared, however brushing the thoughts aside, I sat on the chair and continued reading. Suddenly I felt my hair was being moved, I said to myself, I must be dreaming.

My thoughts were shifted as I heard the phone ringing. I walked and picked up the line, all I could hear was some heavy breathing. So I hung up and turned, when again the phone began to ring. This time I was greeted with a gentle hello from the other side. A familiar voice, it was Geethika. I was glad to receive her call almost after 6 months and we were exchanging all the good things that had happened in the last few months. After the long conversation and saying a good night to one another, we hung the phone.

Walking into the room against I could smell something misty. I checked the doors, cot, sheets and finally I stood by the window and lifted the screen. I could see the glass was cold and a palm mark on the glass. I became a little more cautious.

I went to sleep putting off the lights. During the wee hours I woke up as I could see a ray of light in my room. I wiped my eyes thoroughly and saw again it was true, I could see a ray of light and my room door was open.  I got up and closed the door and sat on my cot thinking and all I could hear was the sound of the strong wind. I thought may be even the lock wasn’t strong enough that the wind had pushed the door open.

The next day, I woke up and went to the garage and I could see the print of the palm on the car’s windshield. Everything else was intact and I could not see any other sign.  I drove to the supermarket and picked up some groceries and casually enquired about the safety in the premises.

“One of the safest and friendly neighborhood mam, you can walk out without fear even in the wee hours here.

 

She went back home and opened the door, to see blood stained footprints, she called the emergency and as they walked in, there was no trace of anything at all. She called her neighbor to check if they had called for Pizza last night, they said that there ain’t Pizza makers who deliver in this zone.

She was puzzled and wondering why me? She called her friend Geethika’s number from the caller Id and her mother picked up the phone.

“Hello, Good Morning! Can I speak with Geethika please?”.

Her mother’s voice started choking and asked, “May I know who is speaking?”.

“I’m Sneha, Geethika’s good friend and I’m calling from England.”

“Geethika died a couple of months back, she met with a tragic car accident and she didn’t survive.”

She did not know what to say and hung the phone. The breeze was blowing strong and the screens were moving, the phone kept ringing, who is it and why me? were all that was on Sneha’s mind now….

__END__

