Suspense Short Story – Mirage (Part-2 )

Shweta decided to understand the difference between her present and past life to understand the motive behind the scenes. She was living in a joint family with her parents, grandparents and with two brothers(one real and other step-brother).Her mother died when she was 5 years old and her father got married with a divorced lady who was the mother of one son. But her step-mother used to take care her like her own daughter as well as her real brother like her own child. Her grandparents never charged her against her step-mother and step-brother. But who is behind this incident?She decided to meet her childhood friend, named Ritika who lost her vision in an accident.

When she came and meet her , she said “I am blind but I can help you because due to my blindness, I can detect something in the dark like footsteps, etc which normal people cannot detect.But if you have some doubt on me, please keep watch on me. You have neglected the last activity of the culprit, so he can harm you soon because of his intension to create the scenes.So, you should be careful otherwise you will be in the trap.”Shweta agreed with her.

Suddenly, Rittika asked ” Is there anything which is happening abnormal in your house recently?

Shweta replied ” There is nothing abnormal but I have seen my step-brother meeting his biological parents regularly since last month but he is like my real brother.How can I take doubt on him?”

Ritika told her ” But why didn’t he tried to meet his ex-wife? Can you give the guarantee that everything is right in your house? We must keep the watch of everybody in your family but should not be culprit careful.I will come and stay at your home for some days. You have noticed all the incidents in the dark. I am blind and can detect anything which is abnormal in the dark.”

After few days, Ritika came to stay for some days in Shweta’s house.

How happened next? Could Shweta caught the culprit with Ritika’s help? What kind of help given by Ritika who was visually challenged?

###

(TO BE CONTINUED)

