Short Story Suspense – Toboggan (Part -2)

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I personally, met Lea’s parents to console them. But, they weren’t mad at me, they wanted to get this over soon.

After all tormenting events, finally I had a time to get back to my house. Surprisingly, I forgot about Thiya, she had returned from her trip. She was very happy and hugged me, when I reached my home. She asked me that where I was yesterday night. I explained everything from the first and also about Saun and Lea. She was terrified to know about Saun and Lea, unfortunately both were close to us.

We were called by Nelson next day, I went to his house along with Thiya. I couldn’t leave her at home, after all these tragedies. The lab results were came. It was slightly clarified that the suspect of this case was the scientist, who had abandoned from his scientific society due to his illegal discoveries and maneuvers. Due to his vengeance, he might be practising something illegal, but it hasn’t proved yet. I planned to do something for the conclusions. I introduced Thiya to Nelson and his wife.

Nelson was worried about little bit of me, since I couldn’t click the information for the case, its likely to react upon me. If I wasn’t able to produce the details within two days regarding issues happened, technically the so called answer, I would have to withdraw from the case to leave it to some one to take care of it. This was not potentially going to happen, not at all after Saun and Lea both involved. I promised him that I would take care of the rest, if he would lend me some more days to go through the case. He said that he might able to communicate with higher officials regarding the order.

I also asked him if I could test out the trial again for once. He told in a gravid voice, “don’t let that someone to kidnap one more child again, then I am not going to deal with their parents for God sake”.

“No need to deal with their parents, I could promise that I wouldn’t give up this time” by saying that I stared at him a while and left the room along with Thiya. He nodded like he understood what I meant.

Next day, as I planned I took Thiya to the west park and made her to play in the slanting plane. The trial continued till 3 days. Nelson was appeared on next day, at last due to my strong determination. On the fourth day, like I thought, the whirling wind started to occupy the areas like before, as it approach the slanting edge, I quickly take out my laptop and I alerted Nelson. When the wind swirled around Thiya, I switched on the sensor which I had kept earlier in Thiya’s hand. Nelson and myself were watching over the sensor moving towards deeper into northwest direction.

As it progress, the signal was getting weaker. So we went to our headquarters to check for radar signals. But it was meager than the other. I arranged the persons to dig the soil from the park west to the last signal traveled area to track down. There were nothing till 8 feet underground and also the signal was lost totally. But the sensor signal was intruded by other signals.

###

to be continued….

