Thriller Short Story – Not Alone

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It’s 9:00PM on a Saturday night. My parents are out of town for a business trip and they left me home alone. I’m an only child with parents who are workaholics, which basically means that I’m alone just about 24/7. I have no friends, unless you count my dog, Felix.

I use to go to school when I was younger but I always had a hard time fitting in, which meant I would always become the target for bullies. So, I decided to do online schooling and so far I’m doing pretty well, I was even able to get a job at a local bookstore. However, I usually have to close every night and we don’t close until 11:00PM and I have to walk home. Walking home in the dark, all alone is pretty nerve-racking, especially if you’re coming home to an empty house, in which I am majority of the time.

I usually work Monday through Sunday; however I was given today off, so that’s why I am home alone on a Saturday night with nothing to do. I usually will stay in bed all night, while watching movies but I’ve decided to go for a late night walk with Felix.

As Felix and I start our way down the trail behind my house, I notice a tall, thin man standing next to the street light that sits across from my house. I felt a little nervous but continued to walk. Now, Felix is usually energetic and pushy when I take him on walks but tonight he’s very calm and collective for some reason? So, I decide to end our walk sooner and head back home. As I approach my front door I look over towards the street light, where I saw the tall, thin man standing earlier and to my surprise I still see him! By now my heart is racing and I’m rushing to unlock my front door when the lights around me go out suddenly, but as quick as they shut off they turned back on.

I looked over to see where the man was and he was gone. I quickly rush inside with Felix and run up the stairs into my bedroom. I take a deep breath in and slowly let it out, while taking my shoes and clothes off, in order to change into my pajamas. It is now 10:55PM almost 11:00PM so I decide to turn everything off and get into bed.

A couple of hours went by when I was awoken by a sound. I heard what no person wants to hear when they’re home alone in the dead of night. The voice of a man, whispering my name… “Sarah” “Sarah”… My eyes are as wide as ever, my heart is racing and I can’t move. I am paralyzed by fear. Within seconds I feel hands wrap around my ankles and my body being yanked out of bed, but before I could scream my head hit the ground and everything went black. My name is Sarah, I was only seventeen years old and I was not as alone as I thought.

–END–

By: Nicole Frazier

