Suspense Short Story – The Unknown Friend

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was feeling the tides of ocean meeting the sand and was enjoying the breeze touching my body and the silence, Away from the noisy city and my daily routine. My whole day was spent in a rush except this part, the Evening walk.

 It was my daily routine to come to the beach and spent some time walking along side the ocean, talking to my unknown friends.

By unknown friends I mean the walk mates who also come to the beach for evening walks. We didn’t know anything about each other not even our names. But we talked about stuff that people today usually don’t talk about,like nature and all.

Among those unknown friends there was a middle aged man.Who never talked much but always Smiled at others, he used to listen  everyone very calmly.

He was walking with me,I asked him “Do you know that famous tale related to this beach?”

He looked at me and shook his head in a negation. “Its about a young Scientist” I said.

“Years ago there was a young and brilliant Scientist” I started the Story in a typical way ( actually Its the way I heard it from a fellow walker)

” His name Was Aarjya bose, he worked in laboratory. Some say he was the most intellectual Scientist of india but never got the fame. He was working on a drug to increase the Capabilities of human brain.His intention was to make a drug that would increase the IQ of a person and he could use more percent of his brain.

 It is said that an average human uses 10% percent of his total brain. Aarjya’s intention was to increase the percentage by his drug. In order to check the percentage of brain used by a person he made a computer program that would ask questions and would calculate the percentage.

 It is said While Working on that drug Aarjya was using that drug on himself.

But Aarjya was opposed by his Colleagues, as they believed that the drug was a dangerous one and could kill a person. Aarjya didn’t listened to any one and keep taking the drug. He used to test his brain percentage everyday initially it was eleven point something but with his using the drug it increased. Now Aarjya became more intelligent than others and could easily do jobs that others were not able to.

Aarjya always performed his test alone and would not allow others to see his results.

One day at night he was performing his test when one of his Colleague saw him. And according to him the computer Screen Showed 43.5% of brain used . After that night Aarjya was never seen at home or at lab. But people say he was seen walking at this beach at some nights.”

I ended my Story with a smile because I never believed the last part.

After finishing the story I looked at my wrist watch, it was time for me to leave. Before leaving I shook hand with the unknown friend and said “Anil” , he looked at my face With a sense of question. “my name” I said “and yours”

 “Aarjya bose” he replied.

–END–

