Suspense Short Story – Trapped

Photo credit: 

 from 

11 year old Alina, woke up in a shock as she heard something around her house may be around her room or maybe from the space under her bed. All sorts of imaginations bombed her head. As she was confused she started to shout and cry, but as her room was on 5

, the topmost floor of house no one heard her.

Alina collected her full strength and rushed toward the door…but on the way to it she slipped and lost the tiny torch in the dark room…… she was scared to death she was gasping and her pupils glued to something …….there she found a small shadow that moved toward her from a corner. It was not 1 shadow it as 3 no 4,…..oops they were many but who were they.

And then she remembered the lady she met last morning on the way to her school near to a park which she obviously never went. Lady was old and tensed and seemed to be bit Hungry…and the 4 kids which were awfully facing malnutrition, seemed were not well and not at all happy as the lady was about to speak out something she narrowed toward her way with a silly smile and bit proud for what all they don’t have and she do.

Oh my gosh,  she was choking, are they dead, those children, is she here to take the revenge of smile   no..no noooo..oo  , she was groaning at herself because she knew that they all died by an accident through bus. She was scared, sorry, apologizing and surprised as those shadows were almost holding her feet’s some one wrestled with her hairs, she was dragged to the door, knock-knock door did not opened, all were shouting ..open the door open the door…..and she was howling….no time was left for her and next second, her eyes opened.

She was all drenched with sweat and tears she was on her bed, her warden was knocking at the door, she rushed and opened the door and wept for long on wardens lap, she told the whole story for what she was regretting now. Next day she took some food, her clothes and some of her saved money from pink piggy bank and moved to the lady.  She is there, she almost shouted in great excitement gave it to her…lady never spoke a single word and started to move toward interior of the park.

She kept on speaking aunty, i am so so sorry., so i bought you this, please don’t take it to your heart, i was bad..i know but now i am not.

Alina speedily followed the lady and suddenly lady stopped and nearby to that place was an old hut where her kids were sitting with their heads down  and were distracted by the footsteps sound and so were looking at this new figure obviously Alina !!!

Finally the women turned back and Alina was all freezed she was standing not near to any lady it was the same dark shadow….in deep jungle.

Now she knew she was trapped…

–END–

