It’s raining heavily outside on a pleasant Sunday evening.

 Rajashekar and (Swetha – Bubbly and Naughty Girl) (Just married Couple) are fighting for TV remote, as their favorite shows are on TV.

 “Please give me the remote” asked swetha

 “Interesting Cricket match is on TV, so please forget the Remote” Rajashekar (Mostly called as Shekar) told.

 “It’s a Replay of yesterday match, but my TV Serial will not come tomorrow, Please shekar…….” Swetha asked innocently like a little girl.

 “Yesterday, I missed live match” replied Shekar naughtily.

 “Ok, if you won’t give Remote then I will go out into the rain and I will welcome fever, then to night you need to sleep alone, is it ok!” sweetly said swetha

 Saying like that she got up and started to go crossing the side window.

 “No Darling! This remote is yours, enjoy!” shekar told

 Swetha looked out of the window and said “Shekar, It’s raining heavily. Lookout”

 Shekar too Joined and said “It’s raining heavily, awesome climate”.

 “Cool Raining, isn’t it” asked swetha

 “Yes, what a climate?” said Shekar

 “Please shekar! Will you prepare some hot food for me? Because, I always like to eat hot food whenever it rains”

 “Okay, just give me 15 min. and it’s ready.” replied Rajashekar

 Suddenly someone knocked the main door “Anyone in the House”, strange voice from outside.

 “Yes Coming” Swetha Responded.

 On Opening the Door she saw a girl with bag shivering in the rain. “Can I stay here till it stops raining” girl requested.

 “Yes Sure!” Swetha accepted.

 “Can I use your Bedroom for a while” asked strange girl

 “Yaa, sure” said Swetha

 Meanwhile “with whom you are talking? swetha” asked Shekar.

 Swetha came into the kitchen and whispered “some girl came and asked for shelter till rain stops”.

 “Oh! Who’s that?” questioned shekar.

 “I don’t know her name, let me talk with her” saying this swetha left the kitchen

 Swetha sat on Sofa, wait for her to come out from Bedroom,

 After 5 min. the girl came out,

 “Your Bedroom is too Good, Excellent Decoration” said that Girl.

 “Thank you! Can I know your name, if you don’t mind” asked swetha

 “Yes sure! I am Regina” replied she.

 “Are you coming from anywhere and got struck in between of rain” questioned Swetha.

 “Yes! I am Courier girl and came here to deliver a Post” Regina answered.

 “Oh! I got it” said swetha

 Regina opened her bag and took the post that should be delivered,

 “I came Searching this address, Can I known, where is this address?” requested Regina.

 Swetha said it a minute and look as if she is surprised,

 Swetha seeing the slip said “Sorry, The Slip belongs to this colony only, but House No: 32-12/1992 is not there”.

 “What are you saying, but I was asked to deliver this Big Parcel to this House” said Regina surprisingly.

 “I know this colony, since 2 months I am living here.” Said Swetha

 “How come I was asked to deliver this Parcel to this address” Regina cried.

 “HNO: 31-12/1992 is ours and the House number on the slip is 32-12-1992, so it should be beside our house, but we don’t any house on our right-side, as our left side HNO is 30-12/1992” said swetha

 “Swetha, Pakkodi (one of the Indian snacks) is ready for you” said Shekar coming out of Kitchen.

 Shekar got shocked and can’t believe his eye and went near swetha.

 “To whom are you talking” cried Shekar

 “To this Girl and do you know, her name is regina. Regina! He’s my Husband Rajashekar Reddy.” said Swetha

 Shekar shockingly said “I can’t see Regina”.

 “What, can’t you see her” she whispered in shekar’s ear.

 “Have you become mad, there’s no one here?” shouted Shekar.

 “Shekar, talk slowly she may misunderstand us. Regina! We will find this house together” said swetha.

 “Swetha, what happened to you, why are you behaving like this” Shekar worried

 Swetha got up and went to Bedroom calling her husband secretly without knowing to Regina.

 Shekar said “What’s happening?” questioning Shekar.

 Swetha placing her hands around shekar hands laughingly said “There is no regina, I Just played a Game With You. How is it?”

 “Youuuuuu, Idiot” saying Rajashekar started running behind Swetha, At last caught and Hugged from backside.

 Being in front of window Shekar asked “why did you do this?”

 Swetha turned towards Shekar and said “Because I Love you! Shouldn’t i play with you?” said swetha

 Starring at swetha, Shekar tightly Hugged and cried saying “I too love you, but don’t do play like this. If something happens to you, I can’t bear”.

 “Hey! I am just joking” said swetha

 “Jokes should be limited, but I got worried” Replied Shekar

 “Okay! Okay! be cool” said Swetha by coming close to Shekar’s face

 Swetha kissed Shekar Lip to Lip and said “Sorry!” with shy.

 “Youuuuuuuuuuuuuu!” saying shekar lifted her with hands and took her to Bedroom slowly.

 “Where are you taking me?” asked swetha

 “To the world of love” said shekar

 Swetha understood the next scene

 “Ummmm!!, No No! Leave me, please shekar!” she said lovingly

 Just they entered into the Love room. Due to Heavy rain, suddenly power was gone.

 Their Bedroom Doors are closed…………

 Hey, you may know, what will be the next sentence about this Couple in the room.

 Even I too know, please don’t ask me, if you are in doubt about that.

 Are you in Doubt?

 I think your Husband/Wife/Girl or Boy friend is calling you. I Escape!

–END–

