Suspense Short Story – Conflict Aggresion

Photo credit: 

 from 

“English and maths a?”

“Yeah, missed them when I left school”,

“use your thumbs to help instead,”

“what do you mean?” Kevin asked,

“well your opportunity trails behind so you now have assistant jobs like,” Theo continued, “problematic, less complicated jobs, jobs that are useful and make people think, like a musician, politician, doctor assistant”,

“I wanted to become a chef”, Kevin socialized, hesitating Theo said “clinging on distances will bewilder your reaches, Kevin”,

Theo claimed, “what’s your favourite band by the way?” walking willingly into college causing dreams to be temporarily extinguished and not fortified, “Slayers my favourite band”,

“yeah”.

Simon was lifting weights in his energized bedroom, full of energy, he had a flashback after the last flawless rep, someone banging on his floor from below reminding him not be so loud and promoting his pride. Chris turned on the t.v.; Simon sat down with him, “yo! Who do you think in the past, the best football players in the premiership are Chris? Papa Bouba Diop was underrated but he worked around the pitch whole heartedly, it was wasted when his potential came from a team that gave him no ball possession barely, “Patrick Vieira as he was a key passer of football possession, the tackles he did were an asset for his overall figure of the game, he linked up with players properly and unlocked defenses by weakening from his self esteem”, Chris presumed, Simon agreed benevolently, “lets watch some CSI”, it was subtle and the aggression was through its scope, descriptive and a quite benevolent program, the transgression carried a large accompany all over CSI, it was like the presumed Matrix, full of distinguished precursors of crime, nullified accuses that fitted scarcely in the program makers pocket, and pieces which got you thinking.

Scattered papers filled the college floor Kevin was walking on, papers full of text messages of people’s infringements, “cameos to the core”, Kevin said to Carl, Carl picked them up and went into the social office. The college was designed for anybodies ability or disability, it wasn’t heavy on the craft side but it was made particularly around tongues of fire, social type, the crafts were on the back burner. Everything was renewed around the environment of the college mostly including the splendid art pictures, not antiquated; you could identify the imperfection of the college if there was one as it was lit up like a Christmas tree.

Carl scanned through some text message papers and spotted a death threat message, they kept text messages as it was a strict college, it said ‘I will come round your house and slaughter you’, he jumped up, then suddenly it said, ‘only joking, great anniversary’, but then he spotted another that wasn’t neutral, it said ‘I promise by the fallen of the gods I will kill you’, there was ignorance coming from the receiver portraying carelessness, ‘who is this?’ is said ‘I’m Sparta’, ‘Spartak Moscow?’

‘No, I’m just going to slaughter you’, this time the text had no contradictions.

Simon and Chris went to college after watching CSI, they went into a room at college and watched partly The Shawshank Redemption, when Tim is about to break out, “I was I guess caught in the path of the tornado”, then the TV switched off, they went to their class and feeling exasperated they were feeling their blood constrict and stable, looking up and they saw a disturbing message, ‘Chris will die’, Chris felt weightless and hot headed.

Carl needed to get to the bottom of this then suddenly a  man entered the room and strangled him fiercely, killing him, the text message said afterwards, ‘who ever reads this gets to be provoked and killed on the other hand, blood covered the computer covering only that sentence.

Intentionally Chris backed up from his desk, then heard it on the tanoi, “Chris, you’re next” and the killer had a sickle stumbling through the door, striking it gratuitously in his gut killing him almost instantly, “the innocence is scarce and too weak”, the killer stated, “you were the last exile”.

__END__

