Life of Amy – Suspense Short Story

Suspense Short Story – Life of Amy

Photo credit: 

 from 

Amy sat near the window, looking out the concrete view of her city. this world is miserable, she thought as she looked up at the sky with tearful eyes.

“Amy what is this? why is the house in such a mess you ?” said her husband George in a bad tone.

she thought, leave me alone George, but  instead replied in a soft voice “am sorry George, i am done with cleaning, have i missed a place?”.

“oh! don’t you argue with me women,if i say the house is in a  mess so it is, do u get it?” replied drunk-ed George slapping Amy to the ground. she lay there all day… crying…

Amy did not protest, she considered the fact that everything happens for good. but yes she cursed her man for behaving like an animal with her. she felt she was lifeless whenever she received blows of beatings from her husband everyday.

 

Ten years back… at a friends wedding

“Amy that’s a pretty dress u are wearing, did George gift it to u?” said Teri  with jealous eyes. “oh yes… he did” smiled Amy.

“he is a handsome man, has he asked you for marriage”

“nooo… no ways, even if he asked, i would say no”

“why? he looks like a nice man”

“he is just a family friend Teri, i hardly know him…. besides who would want to marry a widow?”

“i know what you have been through the loss of frank, but you need to move on… for you small baby j sake, he needs a father Amy.”

“hm-mm… everything happens for good, lets leave the future to god’

“god helps those who helps themselves, you are very pretty….. am sure George has developed feelings for you’

“I……….. i am not sure Teri………”

“hello ladies” George interrupts with a mysterious smile, “sorry to disturb you two best friends, but i couldn’t stop myself to ask beautiful ms.Amy for a dance”. “Ema…….hm-mm shall we?’

Amy hesitantly said, “yes”

“you dance well” said George.

“oh thank you, you too are good at it George”

Amy felt herself turning cold as she danced with George, as she looked into his eyes, she felt like frank was dancing with her. she was lost in the melody tune’s played by the musicians in the background. the room filled aromatic fragrance of lavender made her feel joyful. she wanted a life… the dim lights of the ball room made her feel as if she was dreaming.

“you look beautiful, i have never met such a pretty looking women”

“You are flattering me by constantly praising me George, stop it!” said Amy shying away.

“wait! i………..err i want to tell you……….. i mean i want to ask you something Amy.”

“about what George?”

Kneeling front of Amy, George said,” i love you, will you be my wife? will you marry me?”

she didn’t expect this to happen, she felt like a bolt of lighting had struck her hard. she wanted to run away to her baby boy at home, but she couldn’t move, she felt like the time had stopped. she thought, am i hallucinating? o god!

just then she remembered her friends words…..( you need to move on…. for your small baby johns sake, he  needs a father Amy…..)

George shook her hands saying,”Amy……….Amy! are you listening? what happened?”

“nothing” she hesitated.

she thought again, What should i do now? he is a nice guy, but i don’t love him, frank is my everything, i cant think of someone else, but…………… its true my kid needs a father, he needs a fathers love and care……….

just then Teri said loudly, “go for it women! live your life! he’ll keep you happy”

Amy was frozen, yes I’ll say yes for my son’s sake ,she thought.

“I………. i will marry you George” said Amy in a faint voice.

Amy and George got married…

 

PRESENT DAY………………………………

“Get up you filthy women, clean this place again right now… or I’ll send you to your dead son”, said George sipping his cold smelly drink of alcohol.

“George!!!!! don’t you say anything about john, you are the one who killed him, instead of spending money to cure his sickness you  spent it on your drinks! what kind of father are you?”

“father???” laughed George,” am no father of that dog, he was never my son… and  its my money, I’ll do whatever i wish. your son was meant to join his father,and well… i felt great to kill your ex-husband frank…. it was no accident,i and your best friend Teri murdered him”

“WHAT!!! u…….u killed frank?? but why?”

“for you and your money my dear……. he didn’t deserve a beautiful women, after his death it was obvious you would get his money…. so i and your best friend decided to thug you. see…. then i had to kill your son and your best friend too…… i don’t like to share my treasure with anyone”.

“YOU INHUMAN!!!!!!”

you good for nothing!!! stop shouting!!!! go do the work i told you, you are my servant, i married you to serve me, you are just one ugly stupid women now” saying this he thrashed her. Amy turned more blue and black with all the beatings.

as he stopped, she gained her strength and shouted”NO NOT THIS TIME!!!” and ran to get the gun which she got it  from her late fathers house……she had hid it under the bed…..from a long time, she was thinking to get rid of him, but she couldn’t…..as she had never taken away anyone’s life. she felt ashamed of herself whenever she thought of killing George.

“WHAT! how dare you argue with me?”

He went to catch her her but slipped and fell, his head got hit on the pointy dressing table, blood was flowing out from his head.

Amy was trembling as she stood front of him pointing the gun at his face, her eyes was red as if she was burning with fire inside.

“Amy!  what are you doing? am your husband” George was terrified

“Husband???” laughed Amy,”AM NO WIFE OF YOURS, YOU ALCOHOLIC PSYCHO!!!!! shouted Amy in her shivering voice.

tears were flowing down her cheeks, she said” this is the end George i am gonna make you pay for your sins.”

“am sorry Amy” cried George”don’t do it”

“no George……… am sorry” ……. BANG!!!!…… she shot him on his head.

she cried out loud and fell on the floor……… she felt she had lost her mind………….. all these years i lived with a murderer?she thought. she kept starring George as she sat in the pool of blood. she said to herself… “its time to get united with frank and john, its time to be free.”………………………… she paused………… closed her swollen eyes thinking about the past and…………………………………..BANG!!!!………………. she shot herself……………………..

