I woke up in a dark place, my memory was fading…..

I was trying to open my withered eyes, but the weight of my tiny eye lashes was certainly too heavy for my feeble eye.My body was crumbling. My muscles were torn apart. I was in pieces. I barely felt my leg and a broken jaw. As far as I knew about my situation- my body was decaying and my soul was vulnerable. The sharp rock penetrated right through my back and disrupted my spine.

With all my might and my two fragile hands, I pushed the rocks and the dusty land beneath me. I soon realized that I had the tendency to stand up, wander and examine this isolated place.

I stood up in the dark place, my body was fading…..

The gloomy place was quite fearful. The most humid and saturated air I ever felt was pushing me down. I tried to stay on my ever changing path. It was a forsaken cave. I glanced left and right and saw a shaft of light breaking from rock, and hitting the ground. It told me to come and catch it, but for me, it was beyond my reach, actually beyond my limits and further- somewhere near the place where my soul would meander right after my death. The heat of the cave made me remember the sweltering summer days from my past, when my dog -Growly and I ran into the woods like wild ones, climbed our favourite tree and jumped harder than ten thousand rocks near the lake.

I screamed in the dark place and heard a ghastly sound…..

At the very same moment realized I wasn’t alone. I stepped back and the humpbacked spectral shadow did the same.I halted. soon after choosing between ‘ Death Or Painful Life’ I concluded to walk straight to the filthy creature. He simply imitated me with the same curiosity as one of mine.

I walked down the unlit cave…..

After walking a distance of few feet, I had a glimpse of the outline of the deadly being. His body was like a rough injured stout man, with a texture of navy blue colour, just like he was representing the dark night sky. He had an eye like projections on his body, actually, there were many of them.  All that pulled my heart out of my mouth was the view of dark leeches who were crawling on his abdomen. ……. I tried to say ‘Hello’, and soon after I heard a shrieked voice as sharp as and as a screaming crowd. We both were walking with our half body parts numb.Mutually without speaking a word, we decided to meet at the centre where I saw was light.

I walked towards the light…..

Soon we were facing each other, gawking straight in the eyes.I lifted my hand, and so he did the same….

The realization made me feel extremely vulnerable ……it ….was………a………..

MIRROR

–END–

