Suspense Story – GAME OVER

Photo credit: 

 from 

Karthik, the protagonist, studies in SRM University, Chennai. Like all other adults, he also likes to enjoy his life with friends rather than studying. Though he is not so good in studies, he is from a rich family dealing with chemical business. The business is currently being run by his brother Shivakumar after the death of their parents who started this business in a successful note. Their parents died in a tragic accident in their own factory due to leakage of chemicals along with 350 workers. The company was in a dangerous position because of the death of workers due to unsafety measures.

But Shivakumar cleared the case with money given as bribe to all the police officers and escapes from the problems. Now, Shivakumar is running the business very successfully with huge profit. But, his brother Karthik is still young and just a college student and Shivakumar is very careful to make his brother grow up well as a successful person as his parents wished.

Scene-1: 25 January 2015, SRM UNIVERSITY, CHENNAI

Karthik is in need of money for money to celebrate the Valentines day on February 14 with his lover and friends. He also wants to do something special to his special one, Priya. He asks his brother Shivakumar for money. But Shivakumar denies to give him money as it may spoil his brother. ”Just concentrate on your studies, don’t spend the money as per your wish and I am not running business for your personal requirements” says Shivakumar which upsets Karthik who was along with his friends.

 Karthik didn’t have a good day with his valentine on valentine’s day. He just gifted her a simple watch which also made Priya in a bit of disappointment.

Scene-2: February 20 2015, Karthik’s house

Karthik received a call from an unknown number and he asked him who he was. The unknown person didn’t reply and cut the call. He got the call again from the same number after five minutes. Karthik was a bit doubtful to attend this call as that person didn’t have any words the previous time. And the call again came for the third time from the same number and Karthik attended the call. Before Karthik started to say Hello, the unknown person said “Are you ready for the game?” .

Karthik was confused as he didnt know who he was and asked him “Who are you and what game are you talking about?” .

The unknown person Mr.X explained Karthik and here was their conversation.

Mr.X: U don’t need to know about me. But, I want to know just one thing Are you ready for the game.

Karthik: Hey Mr. I don’t know what you are talking about. Are you mad. I think it is better to cut your call.

Mr.X: Don’t panic buddy. I am not any terrorist, just a common man. I know very well that you are in need of money to enjoy with your friends and you didn’t have a good Valentine’s day. I am here just to help you.

Karthik: How do you know that? And why do you want to help me?

Mr.X: I know everything about you buddy. Your parents are no more and your brother closed the case of workers death in your factory with money. And you are in serious need of money which your brother denies all the time.

Karthik: Yeah… Everything is right. But how do you know?

Mr.X: That you dont need to know. Just do me a favour. I will do your favour. Just like a mutual understanding. Think me as your friend, but a dangerous friend.

Karthik: Favour? What I have to do?

Mr.X: Its so simple. You just have to follow a person and say about his activities to me.

Karthik: Follow a person? Why?

Mr.X: That’s none of your business. And I am not a terrorist and he will also not be a terrorist. Don’t panic buddy.

Karthik: Who is that person?

Mr.X: Just one of my bad friend. At 10:00 AM go to Green restaurant. I will say about him.

Karthik: Seems dangerous. Okay. What favour you will do me?

Mr.X: 10 Lakhs cash.

Karthik: How can I believe you?

Mr.X: Your bank number ******. I will deposit.

Karthik: Hm you are right. I think you have planned this very well. I trust you.

Mr.X: Hm just be there at 10 AM. I will call you at 10:05. And Dont panic buddy.

The call cuts and Karthik accepts the game and goes to Green Restaurant as he is in need of money. He also takes a pistol from his brother’s room for his safety.

Scene-3: The same day, Green Restaurant

Karthik arrives there at 9:55, 5 minutes before the time said by the unknown person. He receives a call at 10:05 sharply from the same number. Mr.X informs him that the person is in Table number 12 and Karthik sees him. He was tall and fit like a soldier. Karthik again asked Mr.X about his safety and Mr.X assured him the same. He asked him to follow and inform his activities.

Scene-4: The same day, Chennai

The person in the table number 12 started to move from the restaurant and Mr.X asked Karthik to follow him. Mr.X was on the call for a long time and Karthik informed him each minute. Karthik followed him for more than 30 minutes by walk and that person went to a place named George Anthony street which was a poor area located far away from the city. Karthik too followed him. He noticed poor people living in very small houses and small children running around them and playing. It was a crowded area with more noise.

Finally, that person jumped over a wall and entered into a huge estate. Karthik too followed him. The former walked neary half a kilometre from the wall and entered into a old building which was looking like a fire attacked building. Karthik had fear to enter into that building.

Karthik decided that he can’t risk his life anymore and decided to walk back and said Mr.X that he couldn’t do it anymore. But, Mr.X made Karthik to go inside that building with his words and stimulating his desire for money and said that he will give him 25 Lakhs as he wants to know about that person. Karthik accepted and enters into the old building.

Scene-5: The old building

Karthik saw the building with more dust and black spots all over the building which indicates that the building had a fire attack and not used by people anymore. He entered inside and he was shocked to see the door of the building closed. He couldn’t find that person and he wasn’t able to move out. He said to Mr.X ”That person is missing. I couldn’t move anymore. The doors are locked”.

Mr.X repled “Don’t panic buddy. You are just being kidnapped by us”.

Karthik was shocked to hear from Mr.X that he was kidnapped by them. He decided to call the police and the person who Karthik followed entered inside the room and slapped Karthik. Karthik tried to shoot him with the pistol which he took with him, but was unsuccessful and the bullet just hit the wall other than the person. That person took phone from Karthik, revealing that he was also part of this kidnap to get money from his brother who is a very rich businessman.

Scene-6: Shivakumar’s office

Mr.X calls Shivakumar and says that his brother is kidnapped and demands 50 Lakhs to rescue his brother. Shivakumar said that he would call the police but Mr.X said that he would kill his brother if he calls the police. Shivakumar realizes that there is no other way to rescue his brother other than giving money. He didnt want to risk his brothers life and also didnt want this to be a big news as it may spoil his factory which already faced more problems due to workers death. So, he takes 50 lakhs money and goes to the address given by Mr.X via sms.

Scene-7: The old building

Shivakumar enters the building and the kidnappers asks him first to give the money to them. Shivakumar gives and asks them to bring his brother. Mr.X comes to the scene and gives his brother back and Shivakumar was worried to see his brother with several wounds in his body. He said “I wont’t leave you guys” and takes his brother back.

Scene-8: February 21

The next day, Karthik was shocked to hear that Shivakumar is dead. He was found dead in his car and the car was found inside the river. The police confirmed that it may be due to accident or someone’s plan. Karthik told the police about all those things happened and he said that he has doubt on those men who kidnapped him. The police collected all details and Shivakumar’s body was taken to their home.

 With everyone mourning for his death, Karthik was speechless and cried very much thinking his caring brother. Karthik didn’t have any support. The workers tried to control him but Karthik wasn’t able to control.

Scene-9: February 28

Karthik’s house was filled with more people as it was the seventh day after his brother’s death. The police couldn’t find those persons as the number from which they called belonged to a person named John who died 3 years ago. They were able to track their number but it was the same place where Karthik was kidnapped, which meant that they left their phone at the spot. Also, they weren’t able to recognize the person with the DNA as it was a building with fire attack and more ashes were still found there.

The police decided to close the case due to lack of any evidence and Karthik too agreed with tears in his face and had anger that he couldn’t revenge them for his brother’s death. Karthik said that they won’t be happy as they killed a good human being. The police asked him to take care and started to move out.

When the police was moving out, the kidnappers entered Karthik’s house with some plan. The police officer and Mr.X collided with each other. The kidnappers had fear and their face want looking normal. The police suspected them and asked “Hey stop. Who you are?”

The kidnappers weren’t able to reply anything with fear and were just silent.

Karthik saw those kidnappers and the police were asking who they are. Karthik called the police and said, “Sir, they are my friends sir.”

The police apologized them for suspecting as they were his friends and went.

Yes, they are his friends. Now the story folds to the scene 1 where Karthik asked his brother for money. You may see that he was with his friends. Those friends are none other than these two kidnappers. Karthik, being a boy who likes to enjoy his life, didn’t like to be under the control of his brother. So, he wanted to make an end and he wanted to be independent than dependable on his brother for money.

So, it was all the plan made by Karthik himself to kill his brother without any evidence and he made the plan to kidnap himself. You may have several questions. What happened there was…

In scene-7, Karthik was successful with his plan to bring his brother to that old bungalow with a kidnapping plan. When, Shivakumar arrived and took his brother away, the kidnappers killed Shivakumar by stabbing him and was followed by Karthik. The three of them took the body of Shivakumar and made it to be in river with the car.

In scene-8, you may see that Shivakumar took his brother to home. But it wasn’t. His friend Mr.X dropped him and dressed like his brother. The three were successful in killing Shivakumar, with entire properties under the name of Karthik. The game has come to an end. GAME OVER.

__END__

