Suspense Short Story – The transformation

Photo Credit: 

“It’s me.” I looked blankly at the mirror. Was I daydreaming? Or like in the movies was my soul speaking to me? I saw my reflection smiling but a closer inspection showed that it was rather sneering at me. Absurd thoughts started drifting in my mind. Will I have a battle with my conscience because of something I had done earlier or was it something I was going to decide which my mind and inner self did not agree on? The more I thought the more my reflection sneered as if knowing exactly what I was thinking. Well it was supposed to know as my brain playing games with me, but still something was fishy. One closer scrutiny and I realized. It was only my face which appeared in the mirror. Outrageous! You should be ashamed. I can’t believe you had the nerve to do this to me. In a matter of days you have made a laughing stock out of me and too for what, a casual relationship. I gaped at my face in the mirror hurling abuses at me one after the other. Enraged, I indulged asking it what was it really accusing me of.  A wicked smile appeared and it started telling me the story of my transformation.

You came to this country six months ago, in search of a carrier that would do justice to your talents and improvise on your knowledge base. Everything was going on fine till you entered that language class. At first I thought you did not mind the beautiful ladies present in the class. All you cared about was learning a new language which was fascinating and intriguing.

But then maybe suddenly my sister heart started playing games with my older bro, that brain of yours. I have always adored your heart yet never have I hated someone as I hate your brain for deciding to mess up with me. But then falling for charm of ladies was a good thing. It brought the necessary recognition for me which was overdue and at the same time provided the necessary balance to your seemingly boring routine. It was fine till you fell for them and chatted with them.

But then all hell broke loose two days back. The blame on this I attribute to that single lady friend of yours whom you have given a place in your heart for sure now. I never expected you to change for somebody else. Man, do you really need to change if you fall in love? Well if you really want to do that, change your habits to suit her but what really got into your brain to change me? Have you ever thought how much ridicule I would have to face from your acquaintances once they notice the changes in me, which you have subtly tried to ignore? Well let me tell you, this disastrous decision of yours will make me hide in embarrassment for some time. Why the hell did you do this to me!

I sat up; fully awake realizing it was only a dream. Smiled a little, the dream I had was certainly the weirdest in my entire life. With a glance at clock, I sprang out of the bed realizing I was late for the lab. After my daily activities, I reached lab. In due course other lab mates started trickling in one by one. No one seemed to notice the change which I was eager to share. All that changed once the first comment I heard. My friend could contain his laughter as he told another friend, “See this fellow has now gone on to become a full Korean now. Oh! His face has completely changed!!.

__END__

