 After dinner I had went to my friend’s home. Me and my friend Nick had a long night walk, sharing earlier week readings from comics and some of TV serials. It was 12 o’clock in the night when I returned home. Today was Halloween day, as I called out my mother and father, none of them responded. Sooner doorbell rang, suddenly deep voice came from my heart. “It can be him!”. The man whom I saw wanted a help from me.

He was a beggar who died at the same day.  As I started to walk down the stairs, doorbell rang third time. I saw the shadow of same beggar outside the window. As I tried to sneak out of the window but my legs were trying to pull me back. I was very frightened to open the door. As I opened the door, there was no one but only a letter  on the door mat. I took the letter and was opening it, suddenly the phone rang. I shut the door and on my way towards the phone, I again saw the shadow of the beggar and this time he was not alone. He was with his family staring at me with a paper in his hand which said “Help” at the window.

I ran away from there and picked the phone, a man answered from the other end “Help him and you would be safe or …” and the phone was hanged. I firstly thought that this would be a prank of a friend. Now I was pretty terrified about what was going on? 

I opened the letter which was kept on door mat, it had an address printed on it “356A Beckler Street, North Head, Mexico”. I took some from my wallet and was going to give it to beggar. I tiptoed at the window, there was no one, I thought that he might be living at the address written on the letter.

So I took out my bike and checked the time in watch, it was 2 O’clock in the night. The weather was chilled and joyful as the children were going to each others house to celebrate Halloween day. As I reached at the address, I found that the house was small, mysterious and scary too. As I knocked at the door, no one answered. But the door was open, as I moved inside, all lights were ON and all sung for me “Happy Birthday to you…” All my family members and friends gave me big surprise. I was amazed also pretty dead after all the accident happened to me, but now I was in a comfort zone. 

I asked my friends why did they called and scared off me? All laughed at me and said, they had never called. They just kept the letter on door mat and rang door bell three times. I Suddenly went into a deep thought, is it was a reality? The beggar really wanted Help from me or it’s an illusion? and who was the person called me to help them or else he would be . . .. Oh my God! I was panic stuck, what will I do now?

–END–

