Suspense Short Story – Dual Climax

Photo credit: 

 from 

Drip…Drop…Drip…Drop

Blood was oozing from Kenny’s skull which was shattered by a jackhammer. Vinay was in the corner of the room, scared to death. He was held at gun point by the other assailant and his partner who killed the man in the room had gone in search of his wife and kids. Vinay could not think of anything other than the thought of what the assailant might do to the wife and kids.

“Aaahhhh” He heard is wife scream, “Daddy, please help us, please stop this uncle from hurting us” His kids were shouting.

Vinay closed his eyes, remembering what had happened.

It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and the kids were home. There were no tuition classes and the wife was busy preparing lunch for the family. Kenny and Vinay were playing with the ball, when the doorbell rang.

He had gone near the door and Kenny had opened the door. A well-built person was holding a .45 caliber gun and immediately pointed it to the forehead of Kenny. Not realizing what to do, he had jumped on the person when another person kicked him in the stomach which made him unconscious.

When he woke up, he saw one assailant picking up a big jackhammer from his bag, the other one was holding Kenny’s mouth so that he can’t shout and hit him at the center of his skull, just once but good enough for him to drop on the floor dead. By that time Vinay had come to his senses.

He slowly moved towards the first assailant but he heard his noise and turned around and showed the gun to his forehead and held him in the ear. He shouted at the other assailant to go in search of the wife and kids who by that time had run to the kitchen and shut the door.

That’s when he had heard the scream. They didn’t know that Kenny was dead. All they have was him.

 

 

Vinay gathered enough courage, he was not going to let the wife and kids fall prey in the hands of these assailants. He pounced on the assailant’s hand and bit it hard enough for him to drop the gun. The assailant screamed in pain, when Vinay pounced again this time, direct to the neck and bit him. The assailant was down.

Vinay ran all the way near the kitchen. Being a trained military sniffer, he found out that the other assailant was trying to open the kitchen door. He did not have a gun. Vinay crawled near the man and made a loud “Bark”, the assailant dropped his tools turned around and Vinay jumped and bit the man’s face. The man fell down and Vinay started barking. The wife and kids opened the door. They found the assailant unconscious but not dead. They immediately called up the police. They went to the living room and found Kenny down. They went near him and that’s when they found out that Kenny was dead. The wife dropped down and shouted and started crying. The kids followed suit.

Vinay stood there barking all the while tears running down his eyes. He was not able to save his master. But he saved his family.

The police came in sometime and caught the assailants. They were having problems with Kenny, a Lieutenant who had brushed their wrong side.

Everyone congratulated Vinay for his braveness, but only Vinay knew that nothing they did could bring his master back.

 

 

Vinay gathered enough courage, he was not going to let the wife and kids fall prey in the hands of these assailants. He had lost his friend; he can’t lose his friend’s family in front of his own eyes. But he couldn’t fight like a true military soldier, as he had lost both his legs on a border war and he was in a wheel chair.

He put all his strength and rammed the assailant hard enough for him to drop the gun. He crushed the assailant’s hand using the wheels and hit him in the nose repeatedly. Soon the assailant went unconscious.

He then wheeled next to the kitchen room. He knew exactly where Kenny would keep his gun. He went to the draw and took the gun. The other assailant had just opened the door, when Vinay wheeled near him and shot him, the bullet piercing from behind his skull and he dropped down dead.

The wife and kids ran out and found their father killed. There were screams and cries everywhere.

Vinay took the phone and dialed the cops.

It was another black day in his career.

__END__

