Short Story Suspense – I DO

“I do” prompted Anna.

“I thereby declare Mr. Rogers livingstone and Miss Anna costanza as husband and wife.. u can now kiss each other” prompted the father.

The very few friends of Roger were the only guests rather witnesses of their marriage who greeted the newly married couple with claps as the newly married kissed each other. Rogers found an exotic passion in a way his better half was flaunting his lips.. he now remembers the first encounter with her at the belle point shopping mall where she was a staff.. the moment he saw her green eyes there, he fell for her.. yes there was something in her eyes something indescribable.. he felt that his life was locked in those eyes and he must own her in any earthly or unearthly way possible… and yes today is the day.. today he owned her.

She is 34 and he is 28. Yes this is her 4th marriage kiss.. They say that her 3 ex husbands left her.. whatever her past was he does not care.. All he wants is to shower her with love, something she was deprived of in her life…they decided to live in her house as she did not want leave her ancestral house..Roger agreed to that too..

That night they made love..he was on her.. he felt like every single clock in these living world stopped that moment.. he was staring at those eyes of her.. he felt like she was the goddess of beauty.. her eyes, her body, her heavenly aroma.. he was lost in all of them.. “how can those 3 men of her leave a lady like her!!!they must be the foolest people ever born” he prompted to himself while he was flaunting her body..

While he was making love to her, she looked at the photo frame at the side of her bed where her mother was portrayed..

After he slept she went for a shower.. the water gushed out of the hose and touched her heavenly body.. now she remembers her past.. her mother rather her world..she told her that her father left her and fled with some other lady.. since her birth it was her mother who worked day and night through hardships and brought her up.. all the days she spent with her mother she could feel the pain of bitter loneliness in her.. when she was a kid sometimes at night she saw her mother wounded herself while staring at the photo of her father and she used to smear that blood all over that photo.. her mother died when she was a teenager. She poisoned herself.. unable to cope up with those loneliness her father left for them..

She remembers the last words her mother spoke to her -“All men are bas##rds” then she tore off the photo of her father that she used to keep with her all the time and breathed her last..

Annah’s body was shivering with rage.. Now she needs to see something that calms her down every time she remembers her past and becomes mad with rage..

She comes out of the bathroom and hurriedly rushed to her drawing room… a beautifully crafted carpet was spread on the floor of her drawing room.. she quickly displaced the tea table in the middle of the drawing room and displaced the carpet.. now she can see the door of her very special basement.. Her heart was thumping madly.. she should see those things, something that calms her down in this situation, as early as possible else she would die out of the high adrenaline..

In the darkness of the basement she could see the cold celler.. hurriedly she went and opened the celler… ahh that pleasure she got after seeing those special things.. in that celler the three hearts of her three ex husbands were safely kept in three glass bottles filled with preservatives to keep them fresh forever…

She sat down breathing a sigh of relief and calmness after seeing them and thought of how she was married with those three men like she got married today with Roger.. and how she stabbed everyone of them to death.. yes she has taken the revenge of her mother’s pain from the male world.. and would continue to do so till her death.. she was smiling while staring at those dead hearts in the celler…

With a sudden startling annah sensed something unusual and looked back.. there she saw that Roger was staring at those three bottles without blinking his eyes for once.. after that he looked at those eyes of his dearly beloved mistress..

“Sorry Roger” Annah prompted.. after that no one spoke..

 That night rained heavily..

It was a beautifull morning of spring.. somewhere in the countryside a ritual of marriage was being carried out..

“I do” replied both the bride and the groom..

“I hereby declare David Norman and Annah Costanza as husband and wife, u can now kiss each other” prompted the father..

The people in the church clapped while the bride and the groom kissed..

While kissing Annah noticed that Roger with three other familiar men were staring at her with their pale eyes from the back of the church hall..

–END–

