Brutally Ignored.. – Suspense Short Story

Brutally Ignored.. – Suspense Short Story

The following is the real story of a couple who met with an accident. This story is all about the post accident scenario. (Names changed for security reasons).

“Hey come out”, Charan called pinky.

Pinky was in a consultancy for her final visa processing. Mean while Charan came near consultancy and called her. They both went out. The car was heading towards the Outer Ring Road, considered the best long drive spot for youth. They both were in a speeding Innova. It all looked like a planned outing. Having pizzas, coke tins in the car supported this statement. Volume in the car was pumping up. Accelerometer rose high.

Morning 10.00 am:

All of sudden situation was out of control. Charan lost control over the driving seat. Car turned upside down. With no air bags in the car, it was a major accident. Charan fell out of the car, and luckily he was left with not many injuries. Pinky fell from one fly over to another flyover which was a few feet below it. Her brain split open. Her half face smashed. Blood was oozing from her face. There were blood stains all over her dress. She was soaking in a pond of blood. The chances of her survival were grim. There was no one to call an ambulance. No one even took responsibility to call emergency service. Luckily Charan was conscious; he immediately called his parents, and was shifted to a hospital in no time. But, only Charan was shifted, not Pinky. He has seen dying pinky, but ignored her losing life.

Information was sent to almost all the boys of Charan’s class within 2 hours of the accident. Everyone switched off their mobile phones. There was no way left to know about the whereabouts of Pinky and Charan. Meanwhile Pinky parents grew tension over their missing daughter. Charans father was a reputed doctor, and could successfully manage police and media, avoiding press converge. Pinky is now dead. Her body started decomposing and turned blue. Body smelt bad. No-one cared. The unpleasant situation like a dog eating the mass of her body, was luckily not seen. Later in the evening parents knew about the incident. They immediately rushed to a nearby hospital. Hospital staff reluctantly answered them saying,

“She is serious, we have shifted them to another hospital”. Within no time they reached another hospital, where they were told, “don’t worry, Pinky just spoke, but she is critical, we sent her to Govt. Hospital, since it is an accident case”.

This was quite contrasting situation. With all hopes parents drove to Govt. hospital where they were given a shocking reply. The hospital management told them,

“We did not get any emergency case; neither we have any information about this”.

Evening 7.00 pm:

The most disgusting situation parents can ever face, they went in search of the body. Finally at around 7pm in night, they found the body still lying untouched in the accident spot. They cried over her daughter’s body. They learnt she was dead. Parents broke down. An inhumane act. Not even a single passerby had a minimum concern about a dying lady. Her mother hitting her head over pinky’s body and her father’s heart suddenly started paining. There was a cardiac arrest. Luckily he was safe.

Later the news was all open. Everyone knew that there was an accident in ORR. But wrong and fabricated information was given. Media was told, Pinky was driving the car. The situation at her hometown turned gloomy. All the smiles about Pinky’s final visa started fading away. She was to leave for US in a week’s time. She was the most loving girl in their family. She was the first girl born after 4 generations in her family. It was a major setback for the girl’s family.

Here arise few questions:

This was a planned outing, but was it planned for something else?

Why did all the classmates switch off their mobile phones, after they knew the information?

Why were parents given wrong information about the girl’s situation?

Why did Pinky go with Charan, in spite of having a Lover?

Doesn’t this look like a conspiracy?

Why do all these happen? Why should the girl go alone with that boy, who is not that close?

Look at the pathetic situation of that girl. No one cared, no one bothered, no-one acted like a responsible citizen. The result, she was dead. Initially we thought they were ignored, but later we realized, it was only that girl who was “Brutally Ignored”.

Back at home, Pinky’s younger sister crying and talking to her mom hugging her, “Assume I am dead, and treat me as Pinky, because I know how much you all love her”.

__END__

