The climax was intense, cold and dark, so shockingly true that  for a few moments, the audience even forgot to applaud the performance! Johanna knew the consequences. She waited for a few more moments on stage for the standing ovation which she sensed, she deserved!

The journey was though not a cake walk for the veteran actor. She was born in an Indo-African family where she was deprived of all kinds of luxury since her childhood. Her mother had demised during her birth, and the only image she carried of her father was that of a drunkard before she went off to the school. Johanna was sent to a missionary school by her uncle, Mark Bolt. “All was by God’s grace! Otherwise, today’s iconic star Johanna Thomson would have lost in oblivion! ” she exclaimed in the post-show press conference.

“What is your plan with regards to your marriage?” questioned a young lad who was still in his twenties.

 Johanna’s eyebrows narrowed for a few seconds, then she smiled – “I am married young man! Why? Would you have tried me for a date otherwise?” The mood of the meeting lightened; Johanna breathed a sigh of relief. She indicated to Peter, the  Director, she was getting late. He immediately excused the renowned persona of stage theatre to take a break for the day.

Johanna stepped into the car. Mark started the engine. He chuckled, “So dear, it seems you are married! May I know who is that lucky guy?”

Johanna relaxed in the chair, arms crossed. “I was waiting to hear this question from you Uncle..or how should I put it, umm..Dad?”

Mark stopped the car in sheer surprise. He was searching for some suitable explanation probably. Johanna rose her arms to dissuade him. She grinned; the flavour of that smile was though, utmost pensive, “I remember everything Dad. Those dark nights, those humiliation.. Everything! All I knew was, once I refused to be dishonoured anymore, you purged me to an orphanage! The person whom I adored in the conference just now had left no stones unturned to ruin me in my real life! I hate men! How can I get married with such a moron, again left to be assaulted once again? You had not only shattered my reality, you had smashed the dreams of the young ‘me’ as well! I remember everything Dad, everything!” She broke into tears.

Mark took a deep breadth. “Relax sweetheart, you are with me, your husband, Mark Radisson! ‘Mark Bolt’,the character who played your abusive father was there in the play, within the premises of the theatre! I am your reality! You are again in your acting shoes my love! Relax! Shall I call your counselor?”

A huge round of applause burst in the ears of Johanna. She left the stage all at once!

 –END–

Parijat Banerjee

