Suspense Story – The detective boy -Part 2

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ashwin had made machines with the money he has got.

That is the car finder machine. If we enter the car no in it, it will tell the whole history of the car’s owner and he had a bought a computer too.

 One day he has gone to his TT club, he saw that there was a crowd of people. He asked his sir, what happened here. His Sir said your friend Ashish has been kidnapped.

 What!

 Then Ashwin said do we have CCTV camera here. Sir said yes. Ashwin asked where the control room of CCTV camera is. His sir said there. Then Ashwin went to control with his sir. Ashwin asked his sir, when was Ashish kidnapped. He sir said around 12.45.

Then Ashwin checked the recording, he saw someone taking Ashish, but his face was covered with a mask. He noticed that on his hand was a tattoo of lion. He took out the print of the tattoo. Then he went back to his home. The next day he again searched for the kidnapper for hours together but could not find them. While going back to home, he saw the same tattoo in some one’s hand. That man was going in the car. There Ashwin noted the car no and then he thought he can be the kidnapper.

 At home he types the car no in the car finder machine. Then he saw the result. It displayed the kidnapper’s face name and address. He took out the print out of the kidnapper’s face and went to sleep.now the next day he used the address but the door was locked . his whole time was wasted. then he went to the park to play with his friends.

When he was playing in the park and while going back he saw the saw kidnapper in his car. Then Ashwin ran beside the car but the kidnapper escaped.

Poor Ashwin went home. The next day when he was coming from the school. When has just walked 5 mins, he saw the kidnapper’s car. He immediately went inside the car. He saw Ashish blindfolded and handcuffed. Even his mouth was bind by a cloth. The kidnapper came. He started the car. Then Ashwin hid under the seat. The kidnapper was going to the other city. Kidnapper’s mobile was lying on next to driving seat.

Ashwin took his mobile and called the police and told them to block the road. When the kidnapper saw the road blocked by the police. He started firing on the police. Then in just in one second Aswin took out a real looking toy gun out of his pocket and held on the kidnapper’s head. Then Aswin said “if you will not surrender I will shoot you”. Then the kidnapper said “OK” Then police arrested him.

On the children’s day our PM announced that Ashwin Sharma will get his second bravery award on 26th January. Ashwin’s parents were very proud of him. In the same evening Shri Narender Modi came to his house. He was dressed up as Jawaharlal Nehru . He took the dinner in Aswin’s house.

***

Akarsh Sahay

 (Young Author of MVN Aravali Hills)

