Suspense Short Story – Walking on the street

Photo credit: 

 from 

I looked at the street, I have seen some lights. It was night and I was lost walking and thinking. My mind was absolutely absent. All the faces I saw were quite similar. I looked on an old face and I have tried to go back into the past and I remembered how it was. I kept walking alone without any direction; I was following the light. I have seen an old lady crossing the street, she was alone and asking for money. I went on and I found another old man with a piece of bread in his hand. He was sitting and eating it.

I was walking and remembering. I had many questions without answers. However, I have forgotten myself and I was lost in memories. I was walking into the darkness, I was lost. I have just followed others’ minds and I did not get anything. Shadows hurt me, I ran away but they were behind me. I entered into the crowd, many faces surrounded me; I was afraid and I kept running far away. Yet, I was forced to live in the crowd. I was waiting for something ; maybe for a good end.

I could not hear anyone anymore, I was walking dead and I could not look back. I have tried many times before but I got shocked. I was deceived all the time. I decided to go away.

I was walking, and I am still walking. I was looking for something, but I did not find it yet. I had a just one dream in the past; now I have dreams. I lived in the street, I lived outcast, I lived in misery and I was looking for a piece of bread. I lived in the corner and I lived away. I was the man who ate the bread in the corner, I was the one who slept in the street; I lived in the margin.

It was night and I was sitting alone in the bus station. As I sat alone, I had remembered those beautiful days I spent before. I became thrown deep inside an endless storm. I wanted to take a glimpse at the future but I was just looking at a mirror and it was only a past.

I wanted to go toward unknown direction. I wanted to escape from everything and asked myself: who am I?? I was not able to know even myself. I was anxious and confused. I walked away following unknown reasons and that had made me lost in nothing. No one wants me around. I was forced to leave away and to live alone in the marginal sides of anything; searching and waiting for something invisible.

I was looking for lost identity in the unknown. Memories hurt me everyday, it still shadows me. I cannot run away; I was stocked and cannot be free. I had fake happiness. I was surrounded by fake faces, fake smiles however I was myself. I have got lonely during my life, I was counting endless days.

I was walking alone as a lonely man in an empty valley. I had just a pen and a paper; those were my only friends. The pen expressed my feelings and my suffering and the paper accepted and understood it. People might know my name but they could not know what was happening in the inside of mine. It seemed like I was swimming in an ocean all alone.

I was strange and alone but I looked up to the sky and I saw a little light shining far away then I did understand that was a hope coming in the path and I realized that my life was just like a river, waves were troubles and swimming was finding ways to resolve that troubles. I could not wait for waves bust I should overtake it.

As I passed the crossroads I found an old man; he looked at me and said:” The end is soon, if you were not ready you will be outcast inside the wave. No one could help you any more. It is the beginning of the end; be ready for it.” I was afraid and I tried to escape away but I did not. I was attached to memories; bad memories.

I looked at my watch, it was around midnight o’clock. Minutes and hours were running so fast. I have lost my way; I could not go back anymore. I looked at a spot of water; I was scared. Was that really me? I got old and I had beards.

__END__

