Suspense Short Story – Bizarre

Photo credit: 

 from 

Leonard had just gotten married to his child hood crush pat. They had gone thirty minutes into the journey already. They were looking for a befitting resort to burn their long smoky love that was almost choking their thoughts. Suddenly the bright led lamp from an oncoming lorry flashed into leonards eyes, he lost control and found himself in the heart of the forest. His view became hazy. He quickly looked towards the direction of the love of his life. She seemed to be ok. While trying to come out from the already damaged car the couple were surrounded by strange group of belligerent creatures. Before one could say Jack Robinson they were pounded by the strange group and tied at both hands and legs.

” Where am i” asked pat as her soft voice caressed the ears of leonard, he opened his eyes slowly to see something really unnatural. It was like a world on it’s own. Everything in the real world seemed to be the opposite here. Like walking with the head, eating with the anus and excreting with the mouth, walking with back and the worst of all civilization retarding instead of going forward. The citizens of that world stared at the couple with so much disdain. Looking at them strangely like people that were abnormal. They were handled roughly and thrown into a room in the biggest castle in their kingdom which seemed to be inhabited by their leader.

Hours had past and no foot step was heard at the door or even close to it. leonard felt bare on his chin and at the side of his face. The beards that were there were no longer there. It was then he discovered that the reverse in time of the place was telling on him.

“Ah, ouch” Pat screamed. She had suffered from a deadly tumour in her teenage days. She was operated upon and snatched from the cold hands of death. But the reverse in time took her back to that horrible experience. She kept on screaming as a result of the excruciating pain she felt. Leonard wept like a baby. He could not reach for her to hold and comfort her as he was held bound by his tied legs and hands. He watched her die in cold blood.

The shout attracted the strange creatures at watch which seemed to be guards.. They all ran down to the room with their hands and heads, holding their sophisticated weapons with their legs and shouting their way through the corridor with their anus as they headed for the room. leonard kept on breathing heavily with fear as they got closer to the door. He kept on scrolling round the room looking for a means of escape, suddenly he saw a small knife close to the small window in the room. He rolled quickly to the knife and managed to use his hands that were tied at the back to cut the rope. As seconds past he became younger and his body became smaller. Before he tried to loosen the rope on his leg, his leg grew smaller as well as his age.

He discovered that the more tensed and stressed up you become you get younger. Just the opposite in the real world, but here the process was just too fast. The soldiers finally made their way into the room, they found Pat dead on the floor and the ropes of their second prisoner. Leonards breath became heavier by every second that past, he lost ideas on what to do and what not to do, he was a child and so he thought like one. He remained at the back of the door thinking of what to do. He thought that if he had shouted somebody will come to his aids. One of them sniffed around with his anus, as he could percieve fear in the atmosphere. He reached for the door, each step he took only made leonard more frightened. On opening the tall ten feet door, Leonard screamed.

Suddenly the loud alarm on leonards bed side woke him up. The elegant smiley sun shun directly into his room. In his hand was the picture of his childhood crush pat.

__END__

