“Happy Birthday to you….. Happy Birthday to you….Happy Birthday dear Prateek….Happy Birthday to you”

The friends sang in chorus to celebrate their friend’s birthday. Prateek is the most popular and good student of their college. His popularity had earned him friendship from many co students and some of them have become very closed one too. Prateek cuts the cake and then it is distributed among those present. The photographer takes a group photo of the all from different angles. And then the music starts and dance begins. Everyone enjoys the party and then the dinner too. After the dinner everyone leaves one by one wishing him goodnight. Prateek goes down the elevator to see off his friends and when he returns he meets the photographer waiting for the lift. He smiles and wishes Prateek good night. Prateek asks “When will I get the photos?”

“I’ve delivered them to your mom…..give a thorough look at the pictures, you will surely appreciate my work……may I leave now?”

Prateek though surprised said “Yeah…ok..good night”

After the photographer left he hurried back to his flat and called out loud “Mom….Mom”

His mother answered from the kitchen “Yes dear?”

“Did you receive any packet of photographs from the photographer?” he asked while searching for it in the possible places.

His mother came in the drawing room “Photos? Did you call a photographer?”

“Yes, didn’t you notice him with a slim figure but not so significant face. The only significant thing on his face was the moustache.”

“No dear, I didn’t saw anybody like that. The birthday photos were taken by your cousin Bikash. He said those will be delivered by tomorrow” she answered in a worried tone.

“But the photographer did say he left the photos with you” answered Prateek still searching for them. “I can’t understand of which photographer are you talking about. I’m sleepy dear and going to bed, won’t you go to sleep?” asked his mom.

“Yes, I’ll go. Good night mom, I’ll have a shower and go to bed” he answered. He went to have a shower. He came out in his night dress and then went near the bookshelf to pick up a book. Prateek has a habit of reading book until sleep goddess takes him to the world of sleep.Then he remembered of a half read novel kept on the bedside table. When he came to the bedside table to pick up his novel he found a packet lying there. He picked it up and saw what is inside. ‘Here’s the photos’ murmured Prateek and pulled them out to have a look.

Sweat began to trickle down his face. Who’s photographs are these? He discovered himself blowing out the candles and then cutting the cake but the girl standing beside him isn’t Yamini but Radhika, his ex who suicided last year. He rubbed his eyes and scrutinized the photo. Yes! the photo is of this year’s the numbered candle says so but then how’s is it possible for Radhika to be present there? He is a playboy and changed girlfriends often. But  Radhika was a different type. She loved him and wished to be his for life. But when he ditched her, she couldn’t accept it and left the world.

And the second one? Prateek saw himself pushing a piece of cake in Baibhav’s mouth while he’s smiling while eating it. Baibhav was a junior to him who left the college after he was being ragged by the senior students. The head of the ragging team was Prateek. Prateek doesn’t know even how is the boy or have he been able to get back to his studies.

And the third one is Harsh! Harsh is dancing on the music been played in the music systems. How did Harsh join this birthday party Prateek couldn’t understand. Harsh was a great dancer of the college and was going to participate in a reality show. Prateek was another competitor. He was sure he can’t win even the third runner up if Harsh goes till last round. So he managed to bribe a person related to the competition and that helped to throw Harsh out and Prateek came out as a winner. Harsh was so upset with this that he had to undergo psychiatric treatment.

Fear began to take a hold over Prateek’s mind and he began to sweat profusely. His head swirled and his tongue went dry. He felt the need of water very much and frantically reached for the glass of water. The glass overturned and fell on the floor and broke into several pieces. He looked at the broken pieces in horror.

Who was the photographer, he thought. How could he get hold of the unlawful acts done by him. He remembered his mysterious smile and felt a cold shiver going down his spine. And he felt senseless.

–END–

