Suspense Short Story – Treasure Hunt – 2

Photo credit: 

 from 

HE LIVED NICELY REST OF HIS LIFE …

After some time Philip got married and after 1 year he had a son named Michael. Philip was going somewhere out alone but with the treasure and in the middle got killed by a man and that man took his treasure with him .The widow of Philip left that city and went far away from that city with Michael .

As years passed Michael grew into a strong and handsome boy . Many times Michael asked his mother about his father but she every time refused to tell him but this time Michael asked her again and told I want to know tell me and she told him that his father was a treasure hunter and found many treasures but this time the treasure he found was very big and ancient treasure but every time a man named Shawn competed him . After the last treasure he never tried to find treasure but one day he went out with the treasure to keep it in a safe place or In a locker but in the middle he got killed by a man . This was all I knew about your father.

That moment Michael promised himself that he would find that man and take the revenge of his father. Know he started to research about that man who killed him so Michael met all the partners of his father Philip and all said that his greatest competitor and enemy was Shawn so know Michael is finding Shawn but while finding Shawn one man comes and ask him are u the son of Philip and Michael said yes he tells him that I saw that man who killed him and I was finding your mother but I could not that man gives Michael the whole description. Michael said thank you and left that night when it was the time to sleep Michael thought carefully about the description that man gave and he finds that it is not Shawn.

Now next morning Michael is off to find that man and he went to find him in the house where Shawn used to live before the death of Philip. Michael slowly break through the door and enter inside he looks the ground floor nicely and find many pictures of his dad Philip with a red cross mark as I was watching this I saw someone came in so I hid beside the table and it was that man I took out my knife slowly went to him caught his neck and said why u killed my father he did not respond Michael cut his ear and asked again he said I was told to kill him and was given money for that Michael asked his name and he said it was Shawn .

Michael got angry he asked where he lived he gave his address. Michael recorded all what that man said in a tape. He killed him and left from there. Michael went to that address and saw that house was empty he asked the neighbors they said they left from here few months ago and they did not know where they went but they told they were leaving this state Michael checked all the bookings for that day and found the name Shawn . Michael also went to that city and enquired to the call taxi office if Shawn came there they said yes he took the address where they dropped him and it was of a city Michael went there and saw all the house and there was a big palace with a lot of guards and Michael knew that was of Shawn he went there so there were many guards he killed all of them and enter inside with a gun he went up and there was a huge room as he enter inside two guards caught him and took him to Shawn .Shawn said I knew u would come here . Michael said why u killed my dad Shawn replied what proof u have he showed him that recording as he was listening the recording Michael killed the guards and caught Shawn and asked him again he said for treasure . Tears came in the eye of Michael he took out the gun and shot three bullets in the body of Shawn one in head, second on the leg and third on the heart and left from there with tears in his eyes.

__END__

