Suspense Diary of an unknown

June 19th, 2020:

 I came to know something, not everyone knows. It’s about something that is beyond the understanding of normal humans. These creatures look like us, bleed like us, but they are not us. They are us but at the same time they are not us. They are among us, they crawl between us, but we fail to recognize them. I know someone is reading this now, you may ask who am I, let me introduce myself I am Sam and you are reading my diary.

 These creatures I am talking about, disguise themselves as our near and dear ones and they infiltrate our family one by one. I don’t know what they do with the real humans, but I know they are not real. I am not losing my mind, I know I am completely sane and I saw them today, looking at me with an odd glint in their eye.

 

June 23rd, 2020:

 Today, I saw them again, this time as my own family. My mom, my father and my little brother vanished somewhere. I know those creatures took them and they disguised themselves as my family. They think, I won’t know, but I know and I am very much aware. When I look into their eyes, I can see that odd glint too. They smile at me like nothing is wrong and we are a happy family, but I know as soon as I let my guard down they will kill me or do worst things with me, so I have to survive as long as I can and tell other people about those creatures.

 

June 26th, 2020:

 While walking towards home, I saw a human very much alive like me. I approached her and asked if she had any encounter with those creatures, she shouted at me, saying that I am insane. I am not insane; I know that and those creatures too. She must have been brainwashed by those creatures. I need to do something quick, as time is running out very fast. They are acting way faster than I imagined if this goes on very soon no human will survive their assault.

 

June 28th, 2020:

 Today, that creature who looks like my mother tried to convince me that I need help. I heard them talking that I am losing my mind, everything they do is a trap, they knew I was listening to their conversation. They want me to believe them, but I won’t. She pretends like she cares for me and asked me to shared things that are bothering me like I will tell her that I know their secret.

 

June 29th, 2020:

 Today I looked at that monster that took the place of my little brother; he looked so innocently at me. He even dared to ask whether I was feeling okay or not. His eyes had that odd glint and the moment I saw that glint I knew I have to save every human out there. To save them I need to kill, I have to eradicate this monster. I knew we were alone at our house and I won’t get a perfect opportunity than this. I will become the saviour of our race. I took my brother to the garage and I killed him there. His blood was flowing from the slit on his neck, those creatures bleed like us, but I knew that was not the real blood. I came back to my room and waited for the other creature to return. I woke up with a sharp cry from the female creature. She came running to my room, asked me why I did that, why I killed my own brother.

 “None of you are real” I replied.

 She was shocked beyond any reasons.

 

June 30th, 2020:

 Today, I locked myself in my room. Those creatures brought their friends, I think they are about to kill me. Those creatures who came into our house wore white coats, they were 2-3 people. They tried to take me away; they want to lock me away. I won’t lose, I won’t let them take me away, I am safe inside my room, and they can’t break in. I heard that creature cry and scream like my mother, to open the door. But I know better.

 

July 5th, 2020:

 I thought I was safe in my room until I saw someone moving through the corner of my eye. I knew I was alone, but I felt like someone was watching me. When I checked the room I found no one, just when I thought I was safe again I felt someone move. I saw a shadow near my mirror. I stood in front of my mirror, looking at my reflection. For some odd reasons, he had this crazy grin. After looking at him for some time, I finally understood the meaning behind that crazy grin.

 If you are reading this then You might be going through that too, find the truth as soon as possible and do what I did.

 

After reading this odd diary, I became curious about the end. I confronted my roommate and asked whether he know about the person who wrote this strange diary. He said the person was someone he knew in junior high. He started losing his mind and thought that everyone in his family was some creature in disguise and he was the only real one. He felt that real and even killed his own little brother, I felt strange but as I was curious I asked what he did in the end.

 My roommate’s reply chilled me to my very core.

 “Well in the end, he figured out why his reflection in the mirror had that crazy grin”

 “And what was that about?” I asked.

 “It seemed like he was fighting a lost battle” He answered with a grin “And in the very end, he killed himself”

 “So he was insane to begin with” I whispered

 “Well who knows, but as far as I know his family is perfectly alright and they are very much human like us” He replied.

 “How do you know all these things?” I asked

 “Because, all these time I was there with him watching his every move and listening to his every thought” He said and went away.

 Everything was falling into place until it hit my mind that Sam locked himself in his room alone.

__END__

