Suspense Short Story – Treasure Hunt

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was a man who loved to hunt treasure using his mind, his name was Philip. There was one more man who likes to hunt treasure only for his greed, his name was Shawn . Both of them found many treasures and they always competed with each other.

Recently they received news regarding a treasure which was in the jungles of Africa. So both of them began their journey to Africa. Philip knew that it was not so easy to find a 100 years ancient treasure but Shawn was just greedy to get it. Shawn’s greed carried him directly to the jungle while Philip thought of collecting some information first. Philip started researching and so met many people and collected a lot of information regarding the treasure.

As Philip was researching on the other hand Shawn wasted these days in finding the treasure. Philip while researching found that this treasure was actually a treasure of an ancient king who left it in a cave. But later a flood carried the treasure away with it. And now no one knew where this treasure was. Philip went to some ancient libraries and read about that king, his biographies from different books and he came to know that in many of the treasures which the king used to hide had many clues and hints as well to find them. He even read that he used to hide them in the buildings and palaces that he made. So now his next mission was to find the buildings the king had made.

After a lot of research he found them and visited them but one place was left and this place was an old palace. He was sure that he will find some clues there. In the Mean time Shawn made his way back where as Philip’s way had just started. He went to that building and to his surprise this buildings name was My Biggest Treasure.

He saw many things inside and one thing which shocked him the most was that there was a map of that same jungle where the treasure was. But the old map Philip had was quite different. The way leading to the cave was quite different in both the maps. So Philip carefully saw that map and came to know that it actually wasn’t the map of the jungle but a place which was quite different and far from the jungle. That cave was in an old monumental place which was also destroyed during the flood.

He visited that place where this cave was. That place was in a huge deserted ground covered with sand and while Philip was leaving from there he saw a church and visited it and found that the church had a basement where a few remains of that monument were present. Seeing that he could easily predict that the flood which came was very huge and dangerous. Philip even saw remains of the cave and he saw a person who was the cleaner of the church.

The cleaner told him that The remains of the cave were found at the end of this area and Philip was quite shocked that how it could be so far but then Philip told him about that building of king and the cleaner said him that its name was the my half biggest treasure Philip did n t believe him and left when he end the area he started the research there and at last after research of many days Philip found the treasure and took it back. But still he was not comfortable he read the biography of the king again and checked whether the treasure was full or no and it was not .

Knowing that the treasure was not full he thought more and read about the last three rivals of the king . Two of them were killed by the by the king himself in the battle while the last one killed the king so now my doubt was on him and now I m back in search of the other half I visited the libraries again and read about that king and it was written that he stole what he could during the war with the king.

Now I m to my way to South Africa behind the lost treasure .it was quite difficult to find old histories now because it is so many years old. But at last I found it. It was written that he did not return from the battle and was killed in between while coming back by one of his own man. Philip found the information of that man that he was working for brother of that king and he used to put his treasure in a church .

Philip visited the church and found a basement even below the original basement but the lift and stairs to that were too weak and old he kept his leg on the first step and it cracked and fell so he carefully step the next like this he reached 10 steps and 30 more were left he slowly and slowly step each and in one of them he just fell down but he caught it and climbed because Philip put his whole weight on it as he step up its cracked too so he quickly jumped and last he found the lift down but the problem now was that he had to control it himself by a rope he did not know how to control it but of course Philip had reached here and now he could not even think of giving up so he caught the rope and pulled it as the rope on other side went up the lift came down and at last Philip was down he crossed two rooms and saw that it was dead-end.

Philip thought how it could be the end he sat there and remembered that in the palace of the first king he found a piece shaped mountain so he saw the wall had place for seven pieces but only 6 were there so he put that seven piece and the door open there was darkness there show he light a candle and saw that the room was full of treasure, he lived nicely the rest of his life.

__END__

