The scenario and my thoughts grabbed me.

The shaft of sunlight, fell across the timber floor, drawing its attention to the deep turquoise blue sky, which in fact was beyond its reach, beyond the bars of the 2 metres high windowpane. The breeze was alternatively entering through the pathway, the observatory- that was the window.

I still remember and recognise that it is the same kind of balmy summer day I spent when I was a kid; running wild in the woods with my brother Jack and my pal Sam, furthermore climbing our favourite tree and returning back home fatigued, during tea time. It was the time when we had an especially unfettered soul, which was, in fact, free to wander. At those time I had no duty and no responsibility, and honestly no clue of my upcoming challenges.

I gazed out of the window and saw few white sheep playing with an orange ball, in the sky.Actually, the air conditioner was so poor that it made my suffocate and made my sweat pores go active. I glanced left and right and saw many people were particularly staring at me, stressing me, irritating me and forcing me to crumble and make mistake.

My throat was as notably dry as like as a desert lizard, but for an instance, there were no chances to spend that valuable time by drinking water.Thus I swallowed the fresh saliva with a fearful gulp.For an instance, I thought that”Am I able to crack the codes written on the bleached wooden pulp, which was lying flat on the table?”

All the training and preparation for this moment were completely worthless. I am worried about my parents, my family, their expectations, my dreams, and the incomplete truth that I was going to disappoint them.

My soul in pieces… it is tearing me up. I could not tolerate these torture anymore. My body is caged, only the mind was free to meander……….

I exhaled deeply and emptied my lungs out.I am about to faint, but abruptly the door behind me creaked open.

The foot steps were coming closer to me………………

My vision blurred…………..

Panic clawed my gut…………

Anxiety slithered through my veins…….

As a matter of fact, I was vulnerable.

A high pitched bell like sound shook the air particles around me and stabbed right through my ear drums.

 

“YOU MAY BEGIN”

And so I turned over the exam paper, picked up my pen and began to write.

–END–

