Suspense Short Story – The Strange Encounter

” Veg or cheese sandwich? ”

” Cheese sandwich ”

The cashier gave me a wierd look and said, ” Two dollars and thirty five cents.”  I gave him three dollars.

He went into a room and came back with change after five minutes.

”  Can you please make it faster?”  I said. I was in no mood to wait as it was 10 PM already and i had to travel another sixty kilometres to reach my destination.

” Yeh sure! Your order will be ready in five minutes. ” said the cashier with a warm smile which was quite convincing. Meanwhile I took a seat and was waiting for my order.

” Here is your order mam! ”  I went to the counter and picked up my parcel, got into the car and started my journey again.

I have a habit of eating while driving so I quickly grabbed my sandwich and started eating. Within no time i was done. A new thought entered my mind.

I work in a software company in Washington and my family lives in the outskirts of Newyork. I spend my weekend with my family. I was doubtful if my parents would stay at home that weekend because I remember my mom saying that she has to attend her friend’s wedding anniversary.

” Oh sh*t!!! I could have called her up before starting!! Let me call her up and find out. ”  I quickly grabbed my phone and called her up and was waiting for her to pick up the phone.

” Hello mom! Are you guys at home? ”

” Yes!! We just returned from the party. ”  my mom sighed with relief.

And before I could say something, she quickly pose another question.

” By the way, did you have anything? ”

” Yes! You don’t have to worry about my dinner. ”

” I wouldn’t, if you were a bit responsible. ”

She was gonna turn into a typical mom again so I quickly chucked the topic and said, ” Okay mom! I’m driving! We aren’t supposed to talk while driving. I’ll talk to you later. Bye! ”  and quickly cut the call.

The roads were clear and it was pitch dark. It was cool, foggy and scary. I could hear the sounds of insects and the shrill cry of cicada from the woods on the either sides of the road.

” Oh crap! ” I yelled. The car broke down! I didn’t want this to happen, atleast not in a place like this. I didn’t know what the hell was i supposed to do. I was scared to get down the car and check the car to fix it and start as soon as possible as I felt that walking would be a more scary thought.

I was left with no other option so I got down the car and started checking it out to find out if something was wrong. The engine was hot and it started emitting smoke. I need to fix it but i needed water for that. So i quickly checked out my car for water but realised that I didn’t have it. So i took a can and moved into the woods as there was a pond in the woods. As i started moving, the erriness of the place increased and it started turning more scary. I could the sounds of many animals which was freaking me out.

Finally I found the pond, i moved closer and bent down to fetch some water. As soon as i put my hand into the water, a hand caught it.

” Holy sh*t!! What the hell!! Who the hell are you!! Leave me!!!”

***

