Suspense Thriller Story – The Raid

It is now Sunday, it been a week since my wife Angela left out of town with her brother Dan to visit their sister Lucy and attend her baby shower. I wasn’t able to attend because work wouldn’t allow me but I sent my regards. The day has now calmed down, it is now nine-thirty at night and I was getting bored so I began to watch something on TV.

About an hour and a half the power went out, I went to go check the power box in the basement. I flipped all the switches and nothing came back on so I went back upstairs and looked out the window and noticed it was a blackout. I had nothing else to do so I went upstairs to my room to lie down. When I got upstairs and started walking down the hallway to my room I heard something hit the window so I looked out the window and no one was out there, just the tree that was next to it so I assumed it was the tree. So I went into the room and lied down. Bored lying in bed I looked out my bedroom window and looked at the sky and marveled at its divine features.

Suddenly I started to hear a screeching at the window and at first I was able to ignore it but after two minutes I couldn’t stand it anymore. I pulled the sheets off of me and began to walk to the door, just as I was about to walk out the door I heard the window shatter. I ran and stood up against with the door on my right and my slide closet on my left. I now hear footsteps coming towards the door. I thought to myself what I could use to protect and defend myself. I couldn’t get the pistol in the night stand next to the bed because that would expose me to him and cause him to shoot me. I quietly open the closet and desperately look for something.

When I got it opened I saw the extra metal bar in there and then I noticed my baseball bag was in there and I said to myself the bat would be more effective. I opened the baseball bag to be utterly disappointed, there was nothing but four baseballs in there. But I thought I could use them as a decoy and cause him to rush into the room and I could use the metal pole to knock him unconscious, then I could grab the pistol to carry on me just in case.

I grab a baseball and rolled it across the door and crouched next to the door. Unexpectedly he gasped and shot up the room with an automatic gun, I dropped flat onto the floor. After he stopped I hurried and got on one knee and was ready to swing, he now sped walked into the room and I swung at his knees causing him to fall on his hands and knees and then I swung and stuck the back of his head, knocking him unconscious. I hurried and grabbed the gun out of the night stand next to the bed, then grabbed my phone and started to dial nine-one-one but thought they will get here but not in time.

I thought the cops were unreliable but I called anyways and told them my situation but they kept asking questions so I abruptly shouted I don’t have time just get here, which probably didn’t help my situation but I didn’t have time. I walked out my bedroom door and as I was running I turned and looked out the window and noticed four other guys in black started running towards the house, I panicked and then I found a solution. I quickly swapped clothes with the other guy, he had the same clothing as them so I could disguise myself as one of them and could possibly get passed them and to a point to where I could run away or get out of their sight.

So I after I put his clothes on I heard the door burst open. I suddenly stood still then two guys came upstairs, I thought they are possibly guarding the door. The one of them moved his mask above his mouth and said something to me, but it was in another language. I froze, I didn’t know what to do, I don’t know their language what could I say. He noticed I took too long to respond, I noticed my work room next to me. I they guy something in a soft voice and then…. He yells: “SHOOT HIM!”

I then ran into the other room and thought to fake my death, I screamed: “AHHHH!” Then fell hard into the floor and put myself in a sideways fetal position. They both came into the room and started speaking to each other and then I took the opportunity and took the pistol out and shot them both in the head. The other two hear it and then started running up the stairs and I ran and jumped out the room and shot them both on the stairs. I now say I have to get out of here quick I run downstairs and run out the door and stopped in great fear.

My wife Angela’s car is in the driveway. I ran to the car to see if she was in there, I looked in the driver’s seat window and she wasn’t in there, there was no one in the car. My eyes began to water up, I shouted her name, and then the guy in my clothing comes from around the house and stares at me with a straight face. I boil up with anger and shout: “WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME, WHERE IS MY WIFE!”

He then takes a footstep forward and says: “well it’s not what I want, it’s what we want, and we… want… you… dead.”

I reply with sadness and fear in my voice: “Please, where is my wife?”

He then says: “I killed her.”

With great sorrow I start to break down and cry. He now says: you know she didn’t die in pain; I ended it as quick and painless as I could. I then snapped and raged out with a loud scream. I took the pistol which he didn’t know I had and then shot him in the head. I then took the pistol and said to god looking up into the sky and said: “I want to join her please lord.”

I began to raise the gun and point it at my head and just as I was about to pull the trigger I was tackled and the trigger was pulled but the gun was pushed upward and the bullet gave the side of my head a small flesh wound. I now hear sirens of the ambulance and cop cars but I began to think who tackled me and then I looked to the right and I saw Angela’s face and suddenly my vision began to get blurry and I started to pass out.

I now awake in the hospital, everything is bright, I look around and doctors start walking and running towards me. One of the doctors asked me: “can you see me sir?

I said: “yes.”

Another asked me more specifically: “Can you see me clearly?”

I then replied: “yes, yes, please, I want to speak to Angela, I want to see angel.”

They asked: “Is that your wife sir?”

I nodded yes. The doctor tells the other to bring her in. Angela rushes in and hugs and grabs my hand, she tells me: “I’m so glad you’re ok.”

From that day forward our live have changed.

__END__

