Suspense Short Story – Game Over

Photo credit: 

 from 

For all of us, life is a game… But how we play that game matters the most. Here is a short game which mattered the most for a young man named Raghav.

Raghav is a passionate young man studying B.Com third year. He lost all the smiles in his young age as his parents died in an accident. He has a brother, Naresh, who is taking care of his dead father’s business and his own brother. Naresh likes his brother a lot and wants him to be in a good position in his life .

Though Naresh likes his brother a lot, he is too much concerned about money. Raghav likes to go out with his friends like all other teenagers, but his brother Naresh won’t give him money to go out as he knows that he may spoil with his friends.

One such situation happened on May 5th where Raghav wanted to go out for the weekend made a phone call to his brother and asked for money. But Naresh scolded him and adviced about the Value of money. His friends were around him when he made a call to his brother.

Raghav wasn’t happy with his brother and he didnt like to talk with him too. Days passed, on May 13, Raghav got a strange call when he got up from the bed. It was an unknown person.

Raghav: Hello… Who are you

 Mr.X (Unknown) : Are you ready for the game

 Raghav: What??? What game are you talking about?? Who are you man?

 Mr.X: You dont know me but I know everything about you.

 Raghav: Oh, what do you want? I will call the police.

 Mr.X : Dont panic buddy. I am here to help you. I know that you need money to spend your weekend. If you cooperate, I will give you 10 lakhs to enjoy all the weekends.

Raghav: Hey how do you know that I need money?

 Mr.X: When you made a call to your brother, I was waiting for the bus standing next to you.

 Raghav: Oh.. what I have to do for you and how can I beleive you?

 Mr.X: Hmm… come out of your house. There will be 1 lakh money. If you agree, you take it.

(Raghav comes out and sees the money)

 Raghav: What I have to do?

 Mr.X: Simple dude. You have to follow a person and say me what that person is doing and where he goes.

 Raghav: Who is that person?

 Mr.X: That’s not your business. Just do what I say. And I promise you that you wont get any problems.

 Raghav: Okay I agree. Now what I have to do?

 Mr.X: Come to hotel green park at 10 AM.

 Raghav: Okay, I will be there.

 Mr.X: I will call you at 10:01 AM.

 Raghav: Okay.

Raghav gets ready and he comes to Hotel green park. He orders a coke and the waiter Karthik supplies him the coke. The call comes from Mr.X.

 Mr.X: There will be a person in the fourth table wearing Blue shirt and Blue jeans. He is your target.

 Raghav: Okay… but he started to move from the hotel.

 Mr.X: Go out and follow him and say me where he is going.

 Raghav: Okay.

Raghav follows that person and after 50 minutes of walk, that person enters into a old bungalow. And there is no people around it. Raghav has fear to enter that bungalow and he says to Mr.X.. Mr.X asks Raghav to go inside and says that if he goes inside, he will give him 20 lakhs. Raghav also agrees as he will be getting 20 lakhs.

The bungalow was too old and it looked like a building which was damaged in a fire accident. When Raghav enters the building, the door gets closed. Raghav is shocked and no one is there inside and he is not able to come out as the door is closed. Raghav says to Mr.X that he got locked inside. Mr.X reveals that it was the plan made by him to kidnap Raghav as he is a rich person. Raghav is shocked and he tries to call his brother. But the twist arrives, outgoing calls are not allowed says the mobile auto-mated voice and he comes to know that it is not his mobile. When the hotel waiter Karthik gives him a coke, he changed the mobile and he kept other.

Mr.X calls Naresh and asks him to come with 20 Lakhs money to get his brother back. Naresh cares for his brother a lot and he comes quickly with the money. He didnt call the police as he knows that his brother’s life will be in danger. But he was angry and he wanted to take revenge on them. Naresh gave the car key to Raghav and asked him to go by himself. Raghav asked his brother not to fight but Naresh wanted to kill them.

The next day, the shocking news came to Raghav that his brother is no more and his body was found in the river. Raghav couldn’t control his emotions. He knew that his brother is killed by that gang.

The police investigates about the case to Raghav and he explains everything that has happened. The police tried to trace the call and they found the place but no one was there. The call was made from a dead person’s sim card. The police didnt have any clue. So, Raghav said the police to close this case. He said emotionally that he can’t get his brother back even if they find the killers.

The case is closed and the police leave Raghav’s house. When the police goes out , the gang(Mr.X, the hotel waiter and the person who Raghav followed) who killed Raghav’s brother entered the house. Mr.X and police collided with each other and police asks him who you are. Mr.X is silent as he is the one who killed Naresh.

Suddenly Raghav entered the scene and told that they are his friends. Police apologised and they went. What happened is, when Raghav asked money to his brother on May 5th, his brother refused. So, Raghav decided to kill his brother and he wanted to get the entire properties in his name. So, he and his friends planned this game and they killed Naresh. Now, Raghav gets the entire properties and the game is over.

__END__

