Suspense Short Story – A Night at the Beach

A Night at the Beach – Suspense Short Story

It was August 21

.I have to attend an important office congress tomorrow at a place nearby Vizag in the morning. So I came by flight to Vizag airport at 8p.m. There I took a cab and instructed the driver to take me to a hotel nearby the venue of the congress. He said that it is 60 km far. I agreed. It was an ambassador car.

He took the beach road instead of highway for faster approach. The sea is roaring, waves are whispering and the entire beauty of the bay was lighted by the moon. Suddenly the tire got punctured. The driver suggested me to stay in the guest house nearby for this night as there is no other way for travel. So I took my bag and had gone there. There is a watchman with dark skin tone, straight hair, uneven face and a cracking voice and torchlight in his hand.

That guest house is situated on the beach just a few meters from the water. There are only two rooms in that guest house. That watch man gave me room keys. I collected luggage and opened the room. It was full of dust and dirt. I enquired watchman whether anybody stayed here before.

He simply said “Stayed! But not for the night.”

I asked him “why?”

He replied that he doesn’t know. I opened the window of my room. The beauty of the sea again stuck me. There was a book placed on a tea poy near my bed. I took it in my hand. I opened the first page. Then, suddenly the bulb had gone. I continued to read it. It was a personal diary of someone.

In this book there was only the record of July 21

. I wondered why only this record was mentioned. I had begun to read it. It started like this,

“I was so unlucky that I lost my best friend due to this scary place. Four of our friends thought of enjoying in the beach for the whole day and spend a night in the beach. So, one our friends had booked this guest house and stayed for the whole night before the day we three arrive. When we went to join him early in the morning, he was lying on the floor in half dead state.”

It was surprising  why he died without a reason. When I turned on to the next page. It continued like this.

” When we approached towards him, he got frightened but immediately realized us. We enquired him what had happened. He told that this is a ghost house. The watch man is a witch. He behaves as human in the morning. But at night he turns into a witch. He came into the room, even though the door was locked. The watchman warned that if anybody stays here in the night they would be killed. That watchman also was killed by someone and they brought his body and buried him here. He tried to kill me. I ran for my life to the terrace. There was also another such thing. I prayed the god. Luckily, I got out of that place and ran in the sand for my life. But that supernatural thing reached there too. I felt unconscious. Afterwards, I am here. My friend told me like this. But the deadly thing is in the next page.”

It was written like this. I was awe – struck. I didn’t dare to turn on to the next page. There was somebody knocking at the door. I thought it was watchman i.e., witch. I didn’t open the door. I stayed on the bed with my eyes open the whole midnight. I felt so remorseful of the wrong doings if any. I thought why this deadly thing should happen to me only. I covered myself with a blanket and remained like that until the morning. At 5 a.m. I turned on to the next page to read that deadly thing. It was written like this.

” The deadly thing is that ………. This is my own story written when my friends asked me to do so.”

I really felt angry on this person. But he made me to enjoy a thrilling night at the beach. I looked myself  in the mirror and  laughed on my own face. Later, I continued with my work for the office meeting.

__END__

