Suspense Short Story – Is that Murder?

Photo credit: 

 from 

B18,’SPIDER-WEB’

Main Port Road, Pondicherry.

India.

In A normal sunny morning, a guy in the small room woke up and awakens another guy, to him which guy with big height, with a good musculature like that of the action hero in movies, long hair, tight and big biceps was looking like more responsible and different.

He started shaking heavily that guy to awaken him. Finally that big guy woke up.

“Zacker , Is there any Email?”   he asked.

“No Spider boss”, zacker replied.

Then as per routine he takes a tea and breakfast. When he was going for bath, his eyes were stuck to the TV.

“India’s one of the former  richest person Kevin Singhania’s death occurred in early morning at Pondicherry in his grand villa due to acute Hypoxia”.

 

Spider getting little more tensed totally because he noted that in last few days number of death of billionaires in all around country were increased and all of them were not so old, even no one across 70 years in age all of were in their young or mid age .Even after it report says that all were died just because of specific illness or sudden mental or cardiac shocks.

Spider quickly wears his clothes and get ready for going outside ,of course, at Kevin’s villa without bathing. Swiftly first he got city bus because Kevin’s Grand villa was at another end of city. Spider’s house was very nearer to port and also has bus stand nearby. In bus Spider got ticket of Shahpur, which was royal and richest area of Pondicherry. The bus has nearly about 7-8 passengers. At that time, Spider notices two strange person taking the tickets for the Shahpur, the thing was that they are not seemingly like those of Indians. But his mind was thinking about the murder of the billionaire about the case of Kevin Singhania, to whom he saw just a few days ago in the reception of a young Navy officer, which was his friend but at that time it doesn’t seems  any illness or no any such emotional stress .Anyway he sticks his chewed chewing gum to one of the strange person’s belt so quietly that nobody notices his activity of this misbehavior.

Then he called Zacker and said” Quickly switch on MR42d”

After 20 minutes the bus reached the Shahpur. The Kevin’s grand villa was located at last end of the residency area near sea-shore which was 1-2 km far away from Shahpur’s pickup bus stand.

Spider starts walking on street and follows those two trespassers after leaving the bus.

Finally, he reached Kevin’s grand villa where he saw movements of people there, police, crime branch officers entered through main gate. Spider observed their activities and also noticed two strange persons who got their position in restaurant which was exactly in front of Kevin’s villa. Spider took his seat at Tea stall and ordered tea, he was observing the situation with taking hot sip of tea. He know that Kevin’s whole villa was spread in 400*400 meter included with his widespread house, swimming pool within, own helipad, big farm of fruits, nursery of various plants, big garden, basketball court, business management house also which was totally surrounded by 30 feet taller wall with electric fencing and also it has security system equipped with CCTV and also security guard.

After taking tea his main problem was about, How to enter into the villa?

Then he suddenly saw a gardener of the garden which was going towards the villa, quickly he stood up and ran towards him and look after that nobody notice him, he swiftly grip him on his mouth and anesthetized him by putting the handkerchief. After anesthesia he took gardener’s clothes and walked towards villa with gardener’s instrument tools.

Swiftly he entered into gate with facing towards ground. Gatekeeper did not observe it. Slowly Spider reached the main hall’s window from where he could see that police writing statement , for his death, Doctor said that this was happened due to lack of oxygen causing acute hypoxia leading to death but Spider’s mind says that, there is something which is going wrong, crime branch officer announces it as not a murder because they found no doubtful thing. Kevin’s wife Akira was crying near his dead body, Spider was waiting for chance when Akira will go inside the room.

Suddenly Spider changes his mind and he went into garden for formality of gardening, Fruits farm and nursery was very close to garden. When Spider was observing around the garden his eyes stops after seeing something like open box into fruit farm. After reaching close that box he saw that Fruit Ripe material-calcium carbide’s some quantity was vanished from main box. Spider’s mind was getting some things slowly slowly. He had done his formality’s gardener work and then he tried to watch into Akira’s bedroom .In the corner of opposite side he see the small opened white bottle on which written-Glycerin. He was getting something in his mind after seeing this.

When the Akira went to her room, after seen this chance enter the hall as gardener and started crying .He quickly hugged the dead body of Kevin with running and started murmuring,.

“Boss, no-no You could not pass away, you are my god, I cannot live without you my majesty” Spider acted with crying.

After this small work, Spider quickly reached at his Spider-web.

“Zacker, have you got any important Recording in MR42d?” Spider asked

“Yes boss, I have got something interesting for you” Zacker replied.

Spider heard that voice clip in which one strange person who was in call said that “We wiil meet *14City of Morocco”.

Definitely Spider had already put micro-recorder into chewing gum and stick on to that strange person, when he was talking to Zacker on phone simply said it “MR42D”. It was code-word which could never understand by person who was near to spider and hearing him . It simply mean “Micro Recorder for today-MR42D”.

Spider was confused. Spider’s mind was coming in sharp situation, he determined that this has secret…14 city

14th biggest city of Morocco?

14th biggest port of Morocco?

What is the secret behind this 14city?

Spider was totally confused. Suddenly at that time he saw the citizen of Pondicherry, Who were very angry on Western countries and they were come on strike on road with many groups with the load voice of, ‘no one will use or wear any red colors’ thing on this valentine day, if you are real Indian citizen.”We are going to lost our great history and culture”.

Spider mind got stroke, “valentine day…on 14th February…means also red day…”

Suddenly he searched in google“RED CITY OF MOROCCO”

And it is, “MARRAKECH” also known as other city, which is very close to The Great Sahara Desert.

“Any Problem, Spidy?” Zacker asked after seeing the confused face of Spider.

“This case is very serious I think and  i am going to Morocco tomorrow.” Spider said

“The death of all Indian top rich persons in a queue within very short time,”

“The reason for Kevin’s death is not the hypoxia but any another thing behind that but everyone accepting it without any arguments there must be some reason which I have to find out.

When I entered into gate I noted that CCTV camera’s red small light was off mean they won’t work properly, it was strange that even gatekeeper also had not paid his attention to those personnel who were visiting the house even after this crime scene.

I saw that crime branch officer had not did any research or deep investigation there in spite of this they announced that he was dead due to only his illness or weak condition and even doctor also says that nothing seems like case of murder or any crime scene and declared the reason of Kevin’s death as acute hypoxia,

Means doctor and officer of crime branch were fraud,

Addition to it when I was visiting the garden I saw the Calcium Carbide was taken from box which is used for fruit ripening in Kevin’s farm but I thought about its most common usage-to produce the Acetylene, which is highly inflammable  gas…but I totally shocked when I hug Kevin’s dead body and try to close my mouth with his mouth I felt very dangerous sharp garlic like smell from his mouth which is indicates that in Kevin body the Acetylene was produced badly and it caused acute hypoxia due to damage of respiratory tract and lung edema,

Addition to it I totally determined that Akira Kevin’s wife also engaged in this crime when I saw her expression during crying, it was totally cleared when I saw opened Glycerin bottle in Akira’s bedroom which was used for duplicate tears from eyes.”  Spider said.

Spider was looking more dangerous when he was thinking. He went to window’s side and lay down in his favorite sofa. He lied down as usual on sofa with lightening his cigar. Smoking cigar peacefully was one of the favorite hobby of Spider, he believes it as a hobby not as an addiction. Then he slept in few minutes at there on sofa

Spider reached at room quickly and said, “Zacker I am going to Morocco, so first I have to go Chennai and from Chennai will flew away to Cape Town-south Africa and from cape Town I will reached Casablanca port by the ship.”

Spider started his journey from Chennai after reaching there by train he took flight of Cape-town and then from Cape town he finally reached Casablanca port.

Spider caught Marrakech Express in morning at 10:00 am from casablanca. He was looking so happy because he got some clues and also going to Marrakech through train journey. Train was started, Spider was looking toward that hot lady was hearing music with ear plugs but Spider don’t know that, there is small camera in her bra between the cleavage,

 

At another end

Desert way, Arab-E-Inn hotel,

In starting of The Great Sahara Desert,

24 km far from Marrakech city

One terrible strange person who was looking like head of the group asked to another person after seeing the Spider through that micro camera which was in that strange girl, “Who is this guy and why he is coming to close us?”

“He doesn’t love his life?

One of those persons came forward and said, “caption Silva this is gardener of Kevin’s villa, I have seen him when I went to the Pondicherry he was met coincidentally.”

Silva shouted on him, “You fool! You have to inform this me at the earliest and you are telling me right now, take out as much possible information of this guy at instant this may end up our Mission. You and your partner with whom you stole that crown go quickly to make the matter clear now and stop him in Marrakech. Because I guess he will definitely approaching towards us and corrects your mistake which you have done before at the Pondicherry”

Spider was eager to spend the night in Marrakech. He checked into Riad Dar Anika Hotel  in Marrakech. It was really nice hotel .He enjoyed there as traveler When he was going for sleeping, he heard the voice of something shaking. Actually Spider’s room was in 3rd floor,  when he saw outside the window, two persons was climbing up on the pipe and they were the same whom had been seen by Spider in Pondicherry. Spider hides behind the curtain of window.

First one of them entered into Spider’s room through window, Spider shoots him by his gun and killed him, and suddenly caught another one.

He begged to Spider, “Please leave me, please”.

“Who are you and for whom you working?” Spider asked angrily

“Sir, actually I am Indian but I am resident of morocco from last 24 years, Silva-The head of Robbery department of mission blue threatened me to do his work otherwise he will kill my whole family” he said

“What is mission blue and who is the main head of it?” Spider again asked.

“ Silva, they all calls him as this name. He is also handling the worst and very dangerous work of this mission somewhere, he is inhuman, he killed any person at anytime. He is very dangerous in short”, He said with crying

“What is the involvement of Silva and where it is situated the word destination of Mission blue?” Spider asked

“Silba given the work of to kill all main richest people of India and gulf countries with collecting all money which was in their Swiss account and also all treasure from their house like gold, platinum, diamond. Collection of this all things is situated in Desert way Arab-E-Inn hotel which is 24-25 km far from city. Actually they killed all members within owner, peon, and customers of that hotel and they made it their  hub for their hidden work.

“Kevin’s wife Akira is involved in this?’ Spider asked

“Yes even she also killed her for money. She had sexual relations with Silva becuase he is big fond of sex in addition to we had stolen that golden crown from Kevin’s villa, and brought here as per order” He said

After it Spider hit the punch on his head and forcefully pulled away him into the bathroom and he locked the bathroom with lock and threw the key of it outside the window and he slept after smoked the cigar.

At last after getting all information,he quickly informed the Morocco’s police.

In the next morning,Spider was seeing the news headlines in TV in his room.

The headlines were

“The one of the greatest robbery in the Morocco”

Police department of Marrakech,

The one of the greatest robbery of the century had been exposed from unknown hotel in the Sahara desert near the Marrakech city of the country. It is presumed that there is hand of some powerful secret companies for their secret plans and also it is believed that this treasury was composed of the many secret Swiss accounts of the world’s foremost billionaires and also something around 1000kg gold bricks and also diamonds , platinum jewellery, precious stones and much more. The total estimated robbery can make the world’s entire poverty vanished. Actually information was given by the Indian secret detective who had been exposed out this whole mission by his intelligence, so now whole world feeling proud of him.”

–END–

