Suspense Story – Beauty as Weapon

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I am in Bombay on some business tour. I have finished my business by evening. As I wish to spend some time here, I have planned that I have time up to next day afternoon. What to do? Where to go? Whom to believe? These are the questions before me, I take so many precautions in a new place. Bombay is entirely a new place for me.

I don’t know anyone in the city. I don’t know Marathi, the native language. I speak a little bit of Hindi. So anybody can easily guess that I am a new boy in Mumbai.

I preferred walking on the roads of Mumbai. Somebody asked something like which way to go to Matunga. I don’t know where it is. I said I don’t know. I saw someone appearing decent. I have asked him about this place. He said that it is in the heart of this city towards downtown of the city and It is the place of oldest residents in Mumbai.

I am interested to see this area. I found, there are huge stores and lot of people doing shopping. I was distracted by huge life size statues of deities on the walls of the temple behind a huge tree. I was stunned by its beauty of Asthika Samaj temple. I took few pictures in my mobile. I reached Ramanayak’s Udipi Idli House and had the delicacy of Idli-sambar and dosa there.

There I saw her. I wondered for her beauty. I never think that a girl will be so beautiful. She came to me and asked me, “Is Dadar near to this place?”

I said that I am new to this place. I looked at her as I am much interested in her. I said I too want to go to Dadar to meet a friend. She looked at me and thought something.

“I have no objection. You can come with me, we both go to Dadar in one auto.” She said.

I was happy for she invited me. I accepted for this as I am very much interested in her. The auto driver asked the address. She said some place in Dadar. Thus I am in Dadar with her. She got down at some place. She is like a gun pointed at me and all my precautions are gone to wind. I am yet looking at her and she smiled as she understood long back that I am interested in her.

“Where is your friend?” She asked me.

“I am expecting his call. Till then I am idle here.” I said.

She smiled and asked me to come with here.

“Come to my friend. You can have a coffee. When you get the call, you can go.”

As she said this and did not wait for my answer, I just followed her.

She took me to a lane, and sub-lane and finally to a main Road and then again in to a narrow street. I don’t know where I am.

 She opened a room by a key in her hand bag.

“Where is your friend?” I asked.

“Gone somewhere, may be, with your friend” she said and smiled.

As she is open, I have nothing to hide.I understood that she is liking me, so she brought me with her to her residence.

“I am really very much disturbed with your beauty. I did not see a beautiful girl like you.” I said.

“Really, it is so much flattering. Is it needed?” She asked.

As she asked this, she is smiling. She is looking at me with curiosity as she is smiling.

“What are doing here?” I asked her.

“I am studying.” She said with a shortest sentence.

“Studying what?” I did not leave her with her short answer.

“I am studying human nature. I am studying life pattern and much more.”

What she said is not in my reach to understand. I simply thought that she is beautiful and I am talking with an uncommon beautiful woman, I did not see till now.

Some times our follies make us jump in to fire. We don’t take care when it is needed.

She went in to the kitchen and prepared coffee for us.

I looked at her. I sat leisurely sipping coffee. I speaking some thing. She is telling some thing.

The coffee is more charming. It shows me just the charms of her. Her beauties, nothing else, are before my eyes.

I saw her in a minute like a sweet Hollywood heroine, the other minute like a beautiful Indian girl. In other minute, she is like a beautiful model I wonder. I found that she is changing the beauty of so many girls, known or unknown, in different ways.

Is it the effect of the coffee, I don’t know. I am slowly in some sort of sleep.I am losing my consciousness.

*****

 When I woke up, I am amid firing.

It is near a sea and some of us are in a boat. We are getting smuggled to somewhere, when police attacked on our batch.

After some fight, the batch of smugglers are arrested.

There are some more tourists like me in the batch getting abducted.

We are kidnapped by a gang of some foreign country and we are going to get abducted to some unknown place.

There we will be trained as killers and sold to some countries to be human bombs.

I said my details and the hotel address.

Police checked my id and released me. I am warned to be cautious and careful.

I could not understand that how beauty is also a weapon to kidnap and abduct people.

 __END__

