Suspense Short Story – The Unforgotten Experience

Photo credit: 

 from 

I have traveled to a place which still haunts me with it memories. Of course the most dangerous thing the nature can offer us.

A FOREST, a terrible one, it was not the forest which was terrible but it was my experience which met a terrible fate, at first sight any traveler may get lost in the beauty of that island, (the forest was on the island) but when he enters in it he never returns. No one has ever survived and come back to tell its tale, but fortunately I have and I will reveal its secret up to the extent my senses could have offered me.

Most people would think that it would be forest with dangerous creatures, no food and water, no friend or companion, worst weather, or something like that sort…….. But I tell you it’s not the nature that made the forest worst but something else, something really awful more than a human mind could imagine, I shall tell you everything in detail….

It was late summer and I was going to return from my long spent holidays in California, San Francisco. It was my dream to go there at least once in my life. I never thought that my ten years saving would give me an experience that would leave an unforgettable imprint in my mind for entire life. I went to the airport to buy ticket for a flight to India. I asked a person where I can buy one. He was a bit taller than me wearing a big hat whose shade covered his face. He wore black glasses and his oversized overcoat seemed to swallow him. He was a man of mid forties. I asked him.

“Sir Can you tell me where I can buy ticket.”

“Where do you wish to go?” he asked as if he himself gave the tickets

“India.” I answered.

“Go to this address and you will get the ticket” and he handed me a card

“But isn’t it supposed to be…….” I looked up and stranger was nowhere to be found.

It was the address of some kind of fish market. I decided to go there tomorrow. At night I thought who that person could be there was something very odd with that overcoat. And the person himself appeared a kind of suspicious to me and the glasses and hat kept his identity unrevealed. The following day I inquired for my ticket at that place. The owner replied that I had a personal speedboat hired to go to India through pacific. I asked him about the money and he said that they were already paid. Not to bore you lets get to point I left by that boat to my way to India. On the way there were really very beautiful pieces of nature. I asked the captain how long would it take, he replied that it would take almost a week or more. At last I found myself enjoying the ride it had everything for me, free food, wine, and every pleasure we get in a V.I.P ride.

After two days I started to bore just like you would be right now. I left to sleep in my apartment and when I woke I felt the boat had stopped, I came out and saw that it was on the banks of a very beautiful island with a dense forest. I entered the captain’s cabin but to my surprise he was nowhere to be found I thought he would be on the island so I stepped off the boat to find him, I called for him too but I heard no response. Suddenly I thought of radio in his cabin and I rushed there but in vain the radio was blown off. I tried to search for something useful and all I got was a ….CELL PHONE! With no signal

I waited for long time. Where did the captain go? I asked myself. Then suddenly there was a phone call, I picked it up. On its screen popped up captain’s image.

“I am sorry, my friend but I had no other choice rather than abandoning you” he said.

“But why” I asked “what was the point in doing that”

“There is no time to explain, you should get out of there as quickly as you can, his men would be on the way to pick you up”

“What the hell I don’t understand anything you are saying to me”

“There is no time, get out of there”

Suddenly I heard someone entering the boat. “He doesn’t seem to be here” I heard voices of two men talking I looked at the phone, captain’s call was disconnected. I thought the people have come to help me but then I thought about what captain said to me I peeped through the door there were two men, smaller than me but with guns on their back, maybe I can take them down, maybe even before they withdraw their guns, I said to myself then suddenly one of them headed towards the cabin I quickly hid behind a crate. He was right in front of me and I was shaking and trembling with fear. He did not see me his back was facing towards me.

“Is he there” the outer one yelled

“Nope” was his response

Then suddenly I attacked him from behind covered his mouth with my hand a roughly twisted and jerked his neck. He was history. The other one entered the cabin and I dashed at him giving him no time and smashed his head against the door and then onto the ground. He lay unconscious and I breathed a sigh of relief. I took their guns and ammo and then I called the captain, he picked up the phone.

“Try and hide somewhere safe I have kept everything for your need in the boat, the food and water will last for at least a week by then I will try to get you help”

and he told me why he left me and or else his family would have been killed. I felt that was genuine reason for doing that and if it hadn’t been him, someone else would have been there who would not have been this generous. I thanked him took all the things necessary and left. Before leaving I put those men bodies into the water with weights attached so that their bodies sink in water. I looked at boats controls if I could drive it but unfortunately it was out of gas. I found a cave by evening and prepared for night. I got a phone call at night the captain said that the military can help me.

“Here, talk to the general” he passed the phone to the general. The general looked at me as if he was surprised. He looked at me in a wave of amazement, rather astonishment.

“Mr. Hansen?” he asked

“Aye” I replied

“Are you really the son of Ibran Hansen, what’s your name boy ,I heard my late friend had two sons one of them died in a war”

“Yeah, Shawn left me alone in this world to take care of our mother alone, he made me swear not go in army it’s a shi**y life, no one remembers you he said but thanks, you remember my father and my brother too. And my name, its Branwell Hansen”

“Well in that case you might not need me Branwell Hansen, you surely have their skills, and all you have to do is to reach the computer system which is in between of the forest and blow it up, Ibran would have done this in minutes without a sweat bead on his head”

“Why me, why can’t you send a handful of your men to fix these stupid guys and pick me up”

“Well the problem is that the computer system blows off any unauthorized entry that comes in the parameter of that island, and these people don’t pick a men who can cause trouble but thanks to you they did mistook one”

“Well… um I have problem too…. I am” I paused for second or two and continued “I am afraid of guns and that’s the reason I could never qualify for army. But I can do your work, I was best in stealth so don’t worry”

“Of course, you would be, you are Ibran’s boy but I don’t understand why you are afraid of guns”

“Uh a long story………later”

“Go to the system there should be someone who should know the codes make him disable the security system and them we’ll come storming to the island and teach them some lessons for kidnapping people”

“Okay got it” and I ended the call and slept with the fire on my side, the cave was too deep for the people to see me or the light. I felt very lonely but there was one thing with me which kept me going, this might sound odd but, yes it was the cell phone which gave me extra strength to do that mission. I put the cell phone near my heart and then slept, although the mosquitoes and other insects troubled me but this was the best sleep I had in that forest.

I took my knife, it was a big one, a gun in case to scare the enemy although I was very afraid to use one, I don’t know why but yes I was. I had binoculars, map of the forest, gun, knife and every other thing you have when you go to mission. I entered the forest, the birds were chirping, there were long wines dropping down from the giant trees, everything around was nothing other than green there was a river far ahead. I cut the vines and put them in the bag, they could be useful and they were strong. I headed towards my destination and after sometime I reached the end of greenery, I reached a valley through which the river passed and it had a base of our enemy. I took out my binoculars and saw, it was really a base, with men carrying AK’s and M16A2 on their backs and strolling, literally strolling not patrolling as if they did not expect any intruder, perhaps they really didn’t. The base had no fence around it and in the middle were people, perhaps hostages, being humiliated and beaten with lashes, women and children too. I saw a gate to enter the computer system, with no guard, no security cameras, nothing.

I stepped down the cliff, it was early morning and the sun had not risen completely, this was my chance I headed towards two men standing near the gate from behind and slit there throats with my knife with their mouths covered, then I dragged them and hid them in the nearby bushes. Other men were too far away from the door, too busy to torture the hostages. I peeped in from alcove of the huge door. There was only one man sitting on a chair and doing his work on the huge system. I quietly entered in, the door made no noise; I took out the gun and placed it on the head of that person.

“Stay quiet or I will blow off your head” I said with pressure

“Who are you and what are you doing here, how you got in here” he asked

“No questions” I pressed the gun harder on his head when I spoke “Type in the code and disable the computer system”

He began to laugh as I said this; “Are you nuts, why would I do that”

“To save your own life”

“Go ahead, shoot me then, I would rather die than killing all my friends” He was a guy not afraid of death

“When you feel like doing what I asked for, tap your hands because you would not speak” I covered his mouth and put in a submission maneuver on his neck, he tapped instantly. I released him but the gun was still on his head.

“Okay, okay” he said and he typed in the codes and disabled the security system. “Are you going to kill me” he asked me after he had done his work

“No” I said and smashed the gun on his head and he fell down unconscious.

I called the general and reported him the good news and all about the forest and hostages, he said to me they were coming for me until then I should hide somewhere. I thought that I should destroy the computer so that the boss or someone else would not reactivate it. I took a crowbar from my bag and started the grand destruction and ultimately I found myself enjoying it.

“This should not be the main event” a voice came from back and a chill ran through my back as he kept a gun on my head “You did good damage here” he said

“Boss” I said to myself

“But who will help you know, even if someone comes he will find your dead body, but what’s the hurry lets enjoy this boys, come in and fix this shit up” fifty to sixty people came in fully armored and with hostages each one punched me with all their power as they passed by.

“Do you even know what I do here, you can never even imagine, do you think I play with these people, when I first saw I thought you would be good package of body parts but look what you’ve done”

“Package of body parts?” I asked

“I export body parts liver, heart, lungs, kidneys, etc to many parts of the world, it’s a big business, you won’t understand, I bring these people here with all my money and take their organs and you, it’s just because I spot you and you ruin all my beauty”

“That’s great maybe now we’ll sell your body parts” I said and a few hostages laughed.

“Bring forth who laughed” three skinny men were brought up

“I am setting an example how I’ll kill you”

he took out a big knife from his overcoat, the same overcoat he had worn when he first met me. And then he roughly pulled one of them and cut his fingers the men begged for mercy then he cut off his wrists with laugh, I had never seen such insanity before, and then he pierced his knife in his kidney area and pulled out his kidney with his bare hands and then started ripping from there to his chest and then he took out his heart which was still pumping in his hands. I had not seen such things in my entire life nor had I ever imagined anything like this.

“Do you see now, this is how I will kill you” he pointed his knife at me with a smile.

And I …was frozen. Suddenly few army men dashed in through the door and started to open firing on those rascals. They deserved it; I breathed a sigh of relief. They were here earlier than expected. But it was not over; the boss was trying to kill the hostages or body packages whatsoever. He was out of my range so I could not hit him but if I would have used the guns maybe I could save those innocent people, they would be having family and children, I had to put aside my fear to save them it was too hard for me, I picked an AK47 and aimed at him by then he had already shot one or two men, my hands were trembling, finally I fired but I missed, he looked at me and smiled, he raised his gun and aimed it at me. But then suddenly a miracle happened, the general blew his head off in time with his shotgun and … of course saved me. I was out of bullets and helpless. I was injured by the torturing that ruffian had given me, their punches and kicks had broken a few bones.

By the end of the day I was in a hospital taken through a helicopter away from that forest. The general came to meet me.

“How do you feel know?” he asked

“Better” I said “Thanks for saving my life out there, I owe you one”

“I owe you one too; you saved the men out there by firing at the villain. You did a very brave thing; I know it’s a big thing to overcome fear. Why don’t you join the army?”

“No I can’t although it was my dream once but I have responsibilities to take care off”

After a week I was discharged from the hospital. I did not forget to thank the captain. I still have the phone he left for me, it was a good companion. All the credit goes to him for saving my life. But the forgetting sights I saw at that place were totally insane. But fortunately at last I escaped that fate but its memory and fear still remains.

__END__

