Suspense Short Story – Doctor’s Choice

Doctor’s Choice

Photo credit: 

 from 

Raj awoke suddenly. It was still dark outside and his mind was giddy but he could not fall back asleep. It had happened repeatedly but Raj was helpless to stop it.

As a young doctor Raj had decided to work at his local hospital. He had been raised in a poor neighborhood and he decided to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor to help the poor back at home. He would give free treatment to the poor and help those in need. What a fool he had been.

Raj put on his scrubs and began his daily walk around the ward.  The usual it seemed, or had it gotten worse? He saw his patients lying in agony and wrapped around in machines, barely living. He checked the list again but already knew the result. Nothing left. Every day the patients grew weaker and moved one step closer to death. Raj still remembered the crying faces and the yelling and screaming when he told them that they would have to wait. The wait would have to go on… but for how long?

He sat back at his office and sighed. He looked at his graduation picture hanging a proudly on his wall. Where was that boy with the grand idea of saving everyone? Where was the young man who proudly declared on his first day that he would beat the system and help everyone? He hoped they were still around.

His first patient came in shortly. A tall good looking young man entered, followed by a frail looking elderly lady. The man had a proud swagger and a cocky grin on his face. In contrast, the lady was hunched over and tried to look happy but Raj knew otherwise.

“So all set for today, Mr Johnson?” Raj asked.

“Yeah yeah let’s go.” He mumbled as his eyes were plainly distracted by the pretty nurse who walked by the door.

“You just have to sign these first.” Raj said, passing him a set of documents.

He signed quickly without even glancing at the papers and left. The elderly lady left behind him. Raj tried not to judge his patients but he felt anger. Mr Johnson was a typical spoiled brat who lived off his parent’s money. He shot dirty looks at the nurses and treated everyone as they were beneath him. He was rude to the staff and to Raj, but what angered Raj was that he was rude to the elderly lady. When they had first met, Raj was shocked to see a bruise on the lady’s face. Mr Johnson had claimed she fell and yelled at Raj for questioning further.

He walked into the prep room intending to go through some things with Mr Johnson but he didn’t expect what was happening. Mr Johnson had his hand on a nurse’s butt and the other on her breast. She yelled and tried to pull away but he held her firmly.

“Get your hands off her!” Raj yelled.

“Oh screw off Doc! Can’t you see we are having a little fun?”

“Let go!” Raj was ready to run up and punch him but Mr Johnson let go.

“Jeez… Just having a little fun right nurse?” The nurse ran out, her face frightened and close to tears.

Just then Raj noticed the elderly lady on the floor. Another bruise was on her face.

Raj looked at her in shock and turned back to Mr Johnson, his mouth agape.

“She fell that’s all.”

“You punched her. There’s no way…”

“She fell that’s all there is! What the hell is wrong with you? Stop asking already, otherwise I’m going to tell my parents to stop”.

Raj froze. He could not push it. Mr Johnson’s parents were the one of the main benefactors of the hospital and Raj knew better. He kept quiet and left the room.

Raj went to his office and slammed the door. He sat back on his chair and sank his face into his hands. He was boiling with rage but he had to control himself. He slammed his fist on his desk. Why was the world so unfair?  He had to treat Mr Johnson but he hated himself for doing it. He had been groping the nurses from his first visit but everyone was doomed to silence.

Raj was holding back tears as he pondered his next move. He thought of all the other patients slowly dying away while Mr Johnson was given his special treatment. He thought of the family members who would cry for hours after he had no choice but to remove life support. He thought of the nightmares, the ones where they would come and hound him in his sleep. He thought of the guilt, the regret and the sickening feeling of misery. He thought of his Oath…

 

The couple in front of him were crying and all Raj could do was to bow his head in silence.

“Why? Why? My baby boy…” She sobbed as tears poured out of eyes.

“You did all you could right Doctor?” He asked through red and tear soaked eyes.

“Yes Sir.” Raj replied. He kept his head bowed.

“Alright…” He mumbled as he turned to walk away with his wife.

“WAHHH WAHHH! My baby boy!” The tears continued flowing.

“I’m sorry for your loss Mrs Johnson…” Raj mumbled. He quickly turned away to leave the grieving couple. As he left he saw the elderly lady walk toward them, her face sad and grieving. But Raj knew otherwise.

Raj moved away quickly and headed back to his office. As he went, his colleagues came towards him.

“We all have our bad days eh Raj?” Doctor Kim clasped a supporting shoulder around him. “Sometimes even the simplest surgeries can have the most unexpected results.”

“Yeah these kinds of things happen… but luckily he had that donor card right? I’m not trying to be rude but look at the positives! A lot of people are going to be helped.” Doctor Reed chipped in.

Raj looked sad and frustrated. But he felt otherwise.

__END__

