Cast;

Gabriel friend of Jasper and Spencer but has a secret

Jasper friend of Gabriel and Spencer dating Nikki

Nikki dating Jasper

Spencer friend of Jasper and Gabriel

Policemen the same cop that arrested Aubree

 

Narrator. Today is or shall I say was going to be Spencers 16th birthday and Gabriel and Jasper are still as close as ever  the event that happened when they were just eleven years almost bonded them for life. Since that day though the ghost of Spencer has been haunting Gabriel .

Jasper. Hey Gabe, where are you going? [ Jasper says while running after Gabe]

Gabriel. Huh oh hey Jasper, I didn’t see you there [ he turns to see Jasper behind him]

Jasper. Hey, are you okay? [ meeting Gabes gaze]

Gabriel. Yeah i’m fine [he said hesitantly]

Jasper. Where are you going?

Gabriel. I’m going to the river

Jasper. [ he stops in front of Gabriel and looks at him puzzlingly]  What! No one has gone there since Spencer died.

Gabriel. I know thats why I need to go I need to say goodbye I need to tell him i’m sorry i need him to know that I miss him that none of this was supposed to happen. We are supposed to be having a party today but no instead we are all sitting here crying for him. He should be here. [ he said as tears start to roll down his face]

Jasper. Stop wait calm down none of this was your fault Aubree killed spencer there was nothing we could have done to prevent it. Why would you be sorry though you had nothing to do with it?

Gabriel. How do you know that the only reason you think its was her is because of what was in the bag. I need to go alone I will see you later.

Jasper. Okay I will see you later bye. [ he says as he watches Gabriel walk through the feild toward the river bank.]

Narrator. [ Later that day, Jasper catches up with his girlfriend Nikki and they begin to talk about Gabriel.]

Jasper. Hey Nikki [he grabs her hand and kisses her on the cheek as they sit on a nearby park bench.]

Nikki. Hey is Gabriel okay he has been acting weird all day.

Jasper. Well five years ago Gabe and I were playing in the field behind our houses when………… [ he continues to tell her the story as he chokes back the tears]

Nikki. Oh my how did you survive that but why is he acting weird today if the anniversary of that isn’t for a few months?

Jasper. Today is his birthday and Gabriel is really upset I don’t know why he is so upset they weren’t really that close like me and Spencer were cause Gabriel had just moved there like 3 months before Spencer died.

Nikki. I’m so sorry that must have been really hard for you how did you get through with that.

Jasper. I was just happy when we found the killer but Gabriel said that how do we know that she was the killer that we all got it wrong that it wasn’t her and i tried to ask him about it and he ignored me.

Narrator. [Meanwhile Gabriel was at the lake talking to someone but no one was there. Let’s see]

Gabriel. Why won’t you leave me alone?

Spencer. Because you know what you did. I will haunt you everyday until the rest of your life until you confess.

Gabriel. I swear I didn’t want to hurt you but you needed to disappear but we can obviously tell that even now you are still around you can haunt me for the rest of my life and your mom can rot in jail.

Spencer. No I will make sure you confess to what you did because if you don’t you will wish i was your only problem.

Gabriel. Why don’t you just haunt the place where you died because that’s where your best.

Narrator. [ Jasper feels so concerned about Gabriel he walks to the river to hear the conversation but he can’t see Spencer and he thinks Gabriel is talking to himself.]

Gabriel. Just go away no one cares about you anymore.

Jasper. I’m sorry i thought we were friends and I only came to check on you.

Gabriel. No it’s okay I was talking to myself I got mad i’m sorry. Let’s go chill at my house.

Jasper. Okay you sure you are okay.

Gabriel. Yeah i’m fine it’s just being here is bringing back old memories.

[Spencer leans into Gabriel and whispers]

Spencer. Lier you know why you were yelling and getting mad. [he said in a mocking tone.]

Gabriel. SHUT UP!

Jasper. [he looks at him shocked.] What I didn’t say anything.

Gabriel. Oh I was talking to myself I guess I was thinking out loud. [ he says as he tries to laugh it off like it was funny.]

Spencer. Let’s go play games.

Jasper. Let’s go play games.

Gabriel. NO you will not talk like that.

Jasper. All I said is let’s go play games.

Gabriel. [he looks at Jasper with Spencer floating right there next to him and he looked so stressed but Jasper wasn’t going to push him to tell what the problem.] Yeah let’s just go.

Narrator. [ Gabriel becomes depressed for the next year because the ghost keeps haunting him and he can’t handle Spencer messing with him anymore. It is a week before Spencers would be 17th birthday which is the time Spencer’s ghost is most powerful.]

Gabriel. Please just leave me alone please.

Spencer. Because you know what you did and you will pay for it.

Gabriel. No I would die before I would confess.

Narrator. [ Meanwhile downtown the same policeman from the murder was looking through evidence and realizes that the handprints and fingerprints are too small to be Aubree’s]

Policemen. I need to get Aubree out of jail now she did not kill Spencer. I need forensics to test these prints and tell me who they belong to.

Narrator. [ Spencer is following Gabriel around town when he see’s his mother walking out of the courthouse with James.]

Spencer. Looks like they discovered that the handprints you left on all that stuff don’t belong to my mother. What are you gonna do now run and hide? It will take two hours at most for them to find out that those prints are yours then your done for.

Gabriel. [ he stops and looks at Spencer] Look I will be halfway to Mexico before they can catch me. [ he gets in his truck and rushes home.]

Narrator. [ While Gabriel is packing he loses track of time and the policeman gets the results that prove that Gabriel killed Spencer.]

Policeman. I am on my way to his house to get him now.

Narrator. [ Gabriel is still packing when he hears sirens outside and people banging on his door]

[Gabe jumps as he needs to find what to do.]

Gabriel. I am not going to jail. [ he said walking into the bathroom and locking the door behind him as he holds his dad’s gun in the corner]

Narrator. [ By this time the police had gotten into the house and are charging up the steps. Jasper runs in and stands waiting in the living room for someone to come down and tell him what is going on.]

[All of a sudden Jasper hears a loud bang and two policemen come down stairs and call in. “we have shots fired we are going to need a medic out here right away.]

Jasper. [he runs up stairs they wont let him through he doesn’t know who got shot. Was it Gabe? Was it a cop?] Who got shot? Can anyone please tell me what is going on.

[A policeman walks up to him ‘’you can’t be in here go outside now’’ ]

Jasper. [he walks down the stairs slowly and just as he makes it to the bottom he sees two men walking in the house with a gurney that holds a body bag and he starts to have flashbacks of them pulling Spencer out of the water.] What is happening?

[ All of a sudden the men walk out a few minutes later with someone in the big black bag and he walks up to it and looks down and just like before he says the name of the boy who is now dead]

Jasper. Gabriel….. Why how did this happen? Why did you guys shoot him?

Policemen. He killed Spencer and framed Aubree. We are not the ones that shot him he sadly took his own life.

[Jasper walks to the river and he sits on a rock by the bank as he hears someone behind him. He looks and sees Spencer.]

Spencer. I must go now but you must know that I will always be with you I am finally free.

Jasper. Will I see you again.

Spencer. Yes but only when you need me. Goodbye.

[ Jasper stands tall as he watches Spencer disappear into a cloud of smoke and then he was gone just as Nikki walked up.]

Nikki. Hey what’s up how was your day. And where is Gabe.

Jasper. That’s a story for another time.

THE END

