Suspense Short Story – And So It Happened…

Photo credit: 

 from 

They walked as the sound of the footsteps screamed through the perpetual state of silence of that boulevard. The wind swirled the mahogany leaves away from the road, and the bright sun vanished the gloominess of the dusk. The twilight has gone, welcoming the dark yet elegant night, graced with stars and a crescent moon shining feebly.

The two moves on the road hand in hand, feeling each other’s presence, just being silent, to let their soul talk in the language of love.

“Sarika, will you marry me?” Raj asks Sarika, breaking up the silence.

“Umnnn..”

 

‘CUT’ Shout the director and spot boys emerge out of nowhere, creeping towards the expensive set. The sound effects are paused and the more mahogany leaves are laid on the road. Yet all these changes, have not affected the two. They still stand spelled bound, as if every other thing is immaterial for them.

This behaviour has been focused by media a lot these days, confirming the rumours of the relationship of the well known actor Abhishek and the new striking model, Sheena.

They do make a good couple, there have not been any doubts regarding that, though they seek to avoid all this stupid attention.

‘CUT’ director shouts again, bringing them back to the original world. Their chemistry has definitely been exploited by this director but such act of being numb troubles him.

The two goes apart immediately moving out of sets, blushing and smiling having a glimpse of each other. Abhishek removes a slit of hair on Sheena’s forehead, maybe just an excuse to touch her, but the stunning Sheena loves every bit of him. Her blue eyes, enchanting as always, graced by a lining of kohl, usually hypnotize Abhishek.

“When are you going to say these magical words off screen Abhishek?” Sheena asks him while Abhishek glares upon her carved lips.

“I will do it in front of someone.” He informs her happily and she leans on his broad muscular shoulder wondering who it could be.

“Hey Mr. Shantanu, let’s pack up for today. I am tired.” Abhishek informs the director who has no other option than being agreed with him.

“Are we going out to roam around?” Sheena gleefully asks him.

“No, it will catch unnecessary media attention of this city. I have other plans.” He informs.

They are in a small city of Bareilly for shooting and Abhishek wants no disturbance in his private moments with Sheena. She seems disappointed for she loves the local crowd. But she has to stay with the decision of Abhishek for he is experienced in this industry and has introduced Sheena to bollywood.

“Come with me.” He grabs her hand caressing it softly, sending jitters to her spine and moves through the corridors of the resort, built in out skirts of city. They reached a room with a decorated gate having handles of ivory and Abhishek pushes it only to surprise Sheena. There appears a huge mirror, all set to impart the dazzling Sheena. Her smile reflects in the mirror mesmerizing Abhishek. So pure and absolute, and that’s something Abhishek loves about her most.

“I shall ask you to marry me in front of the person whom I truly trust and believe. Who has been my best friend since always and there she is in the mirror. Sheena, will you marry me?” He kneels down the way he has done innumerable times, but this time, it feels complete. Respect for Abhishek has grown by leaps and bounds in Sheena’s mind, for he considered her as a friend first. She is the happiest person on this planet, she believes.

“Yes, I will.” She says and a tear slips down from her eyes, passing over her red cheek. Abhishek holds her and ushers her in room. The mirror could witness the door in front of it and the central table surrounded by two couches, on it a flower vase holding fresh peony flowers. From the window, sound of rain drenching the atmosphere could be heard and laughter echoed in the heart of the room.

They lands on the bed and look in to the eyes of each other. A silence is the only gap which needs to be abridged, yet Abhishek has decided something else.

He leans towards her with Sheena still lost, wishing for those moments to just halt away. Abhishek holds her hand while leaning bringing her back to the senses, and she is just ready to feel Abhishek. It is not the first time, but still most valuable.

Abhishek’s lips touches hers’, absorbing first her lower lip elegantly and then both, with Sheena just going with the flow. Abhishek cuddles her, exploring her more with Sheena just supporting him for them to go on an excursion to the divine pleasure.

Abhishek soon slid his hand inside her top and reaches her not so large curve, rubbing them softly with his lips still busy with her. Sheena too, let her hand inside Abhishek’s shirt and slides it through his broad chest and moves to his back gracefully. Abhishek helps her to get her top loose and kisses her collar bone giving a love bite at back of her neck; this sweet pain that Sheena has heard of is sweeter than she expected. Abhishek rubbing his hand passionately over her fare back struggling with the strap moves to her shoulder and reaches down, throwing away his T shirt as well.

Suddenly Sheena parts away and a terror has acquired her blue eyes. Abhishek is anxious of what has happened and turns back. There is no one there and he is amazed of what Sheena is afraid of.

“What happened baby? If you think we shall have love after marriage it’s totally fine.” He says holding her hand, though his eyes tell that he doesn’t want the same.

“There is a camera there.” She exclaims and Abhishek feels as if he has been thunderstruck.  He quickly covers Sheena and herself and rushes.

“That bloody director Shantanu had an intuition of our relationship. He must have installed these cameras, I will just grab him. You don’t worry baby.” Abhishek gets up and walks out of the room with Sheena still in shock.

“He is a dangerous guy Abhi, just be safe.” She is concerned about him.

It’s been five minutes Abhishek has been to the director; Sheena is staring chandelier on the roof just praying for Abhishek to be safe. He has made her aware before the project about the good will of Director in industry and asked her to delay too. But she was in hurry to be casted. Now she realizes what a fool she was. She is still praying while Abhishek is negotiating with Director.

“She detected the camera you mother f**ker, you couldn’t even hide it properly.” It’s the familiar voice of Abhishek in director’s office.

“You said you will engulf her in your love that she will not realize anything around her.” Shantanu says lighting up his cigar.

“The point is she did. We are ruined now.” Abhishek hits his fist on the table.

“It was your entire plan, to cast her, then to make a video of yours and blackmailing her. I am clean.” Shantanu declares.

“She is the potential star of this industry couldn’t you realize while making the film. Not even a single time you need to take a reshot with her. We would have her always this way, else these bloody bi**hes doesn’t gives you a damn after getting famous. And one thing, if I am accused, you will not be spared.” He almost shouts.

“Okay fine, first decides what to do with her.” Shantanu says and the two looks upon each other dreadfully.

**

There is a knock on door of Sheena’s room and she rushes towards the door not to find Abhishek but two muscular men wearing plain black T shirts. They grab her and force her on the bed. One of them holds her tightly while the other takes out an injection and empty it in Sheena’s body, which is getting quite still now. Her rebellion has ended and she is lying on the bed calmly. She waited for Abhishek but it has been the death that has garlanded her, holding her hand to take her to a new world; something she always dreamt. Away from the chaos, at some silent place, where there is calm and ease everywhere and no troubles around. Her dream has come true, yet only the companion in dream has changed. It’s her death which shall accompany her to this eternal dream now.

**

Headline of a National Daily News Paper

The debut actress was found dead in her room and the experts says that she has taken an overdose of cocaine. It’s not the first time any model from the fashion industry has been victim of drugs. It is said that these models take drugs to maintain their body and beauty and slowly gets addicted to it.

Her lover and the actor of her debut film, Abhishek has been in deep shock and Director of the movie has to bear a huge lost. The project has been shut down, but the producers are willing to restart it.

__END__

