Suspense Short Story – The Girl With Blue Eyes

Image © Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was snowing that day, when I met her. I don’t remember the time, but, I think it was about 10 o’ clock of night when I saw her in the park standing all alone under a tree. Staring the others quietly from under that tree , she just kept her blinking her eyes. But, the unexpected happened.

She turned her head towards me and called me by waving her hand. I thought she was calling someone else so I ignored her and turned around. But then i suddenly felt a soft warm hand holding me by my hand. I turned around and saw her standing right behind me , staring me with her deep blue eyes . I was completely hypnotized by those eyes of her . I wanted to say something to her but , I wasn’t able to say anything. It was as if I was under some kind of spell. My heart was already beating like crazy. I didn’t knew what to do. But then, she opened her mouth and said , ” I’ve waiting for you for so long !! won’t you come with me ?!! ” . After this everything was a blank .

The next thing what I saw when I woke up was that I was inside an hospital , sleeping on a patient’s bed and besides me was my sister Anju sitting on the chair. With her hands joined together, she was saying a prayer. I tried to move around, but , I didn’t even had the slightest bit of strength left for that. I called my sister with a low tone “Anju !!” .

She opened her eyes and looked at me . She was smiling and her eyes were teary at the same time. She immediately rushed out of the room . I guess she ran off to call mom and dad. But then , i suddenly felt something wrong . I felt as if there was someone besides me. So I turned my head to the other side and my eyes were wide opened .

That girl from that night was standing right beside me. Suddenly a cold chill rand throughout my body. She brought her hand and placed it on my cheek. Bringing her face close to that of mine she said,” How long have I waited for you !! Come , let’s go !! ” .

I wanted to shout for help, but, I couldn’t. I was enchanted by her Dark Blue Eyes. But suddenly the door clicked opened and as I looked at the door i found my parents along with my sister Anju . By that time I felt that she lifted her palm from my cheek and when I turned around, She was not there. She just vanished into thin air. I still wasn’t able to understand what was going on. I was still confused of everything that has happened. I still had a lot of questions like, “who was that girl ?, Why am I in a hospital ? What does she wants from me ?” and many more .

I wanted to reach the conclusion of all this. So much was going on inside my mind that I didn’t even realize that my family was near me talking to me. My head was just full with questions. It took me a while calm myself down and then I kept these question aside for the time being.

4 months passed , Everything was normal, my life style, my environment , everything . Those questions were still there. I only got to knew that I suddenly fainted in the park and some people brought me to the hospital & contacted my parents. But why did I faint?!! The doctors said it was due to stress .

“Stress?!!” I repeated myself. I was just a high school student. Why would I have stress. I was deep in my thoughts when suddenly I heard a faint whisper near my ear saying “Jack!” . I got startled and turned around and found my sister Anju with a mischievous grin on her face. Laughing out loud she said, “Jack! You’re so easy to scare!! “ .

“Ha Ha …………..very funny “, I sad. I really get angry when someone teases me like this .And my sister, she enjoys teasing me like this. I grumbled and then went out of the room. I was still able to hear her laughing, But I ignored her And went outside to get some fresh air. After a while my sister came to me with her head lowered looking to the ground. I turned to look at her and asked ,”Hey !! what happened ?!!”

She raised her head, smiled and then said,”Sorry Jack ! I didn’t mean to make you angry.”

I patted her head and said it’s OK. She smiled back at me and asked “ Hey Jack ! why are you so tensed lately ?”

I looked into her eyes and I can tell that she was worried . I kept quite but she grabbed my arm and asked again bringing her face closer to that of mine . I took a deep breath and then I told her about that girl and everything. As I continued I could see her face giving expressions of fear , confusion , surprise . After I told her everything we both sat quietly staring at the ground . The silence made things more worse until I broke the silence and asked , “ Anju !! What is it ?!!”

But no reply . She sat quietly besides me staring at the ground . After some time she looked at my face . I could see that she was about to tell me something but for some reasons she hesitated and went down stairs leaving me in my doubtful situation.

A year passed and I’ve completely forgotten about that incident. I normally lived my life , the usual way . One day when I was returning back from high school I saw Anju pacing around in front of my dorm gate . I waved and called her. To my surprise she ran towards me and grabbed my hand and said , “Jack you must come with me right now !!”

I struggled to release my hand from her grasp but she insisted and told that this is important , So, I followed her. She took me to a small tree house, which we used to play together when we were little. We both sat in the tree house then from a chest behind her. She took out a photo album. It was the photo album of our great grandparents . I don’t know what she was trying to tell until my eyes lay on a photo .

The moment I saw that photo , I was stabbed with fear and terror . It was the photo of the young girl with the blue eyes , the one that I saw about a year ago.I couldn’t take my eyes off that photo . I stared at it so hard that my eyes hurt, And , after some time I heard a low moan followed by a whisper ,” come with me !!” . I looked up to Anju and she had moved back . Her face showed the expression of fear and then , I felt a cold shiver down my spine . I gathered all my strength and looked back . My eyes were wide open as I saw that same girl with blue eyes floating in mid air and reaching out to me.

__END__

