Suspense Short Story – The rescue

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a bleak afternoon with a biting frost and there were big grey clouds in the sky. There are large gravestones which trembled as they were falling to pieces of rubble. Silence spread throughout the graveyard in the darkness. visitors felt the coldness spreading through the dark musky afternoon. A tall old church stood all alone in the mist of the cloud as the big black bold gates stood proudly beckoning.

Jemima has long dark hair flowing down her back like a waterfall, her face was as pale as a ghost. Her eyes were big and really red, and showed she had been crying. Her teeth were crooked and stained, she wore a smart grey pinstripe suit. Jemima is in her early twenties, she is short and quite skinny. She carries a leather briefcase with a golden lock on it. She has feline features and moves like a cat. Larissa has short blonde hair, her face glowing light a light bulb  She had eyes that were the colour of the ocean.She is smartly dressed in a black catsuit and is medium height and very skinny.She is aged also in her early twenties. Larissa has sloth like features and moves like a slug.

There was a storm heading towards the church, Jemima and Larissa decided to get under a shelter. Larissa shouted to Jemima to get into the church for shelter. They broke into the church as the thunderous rain started to flood the graveyard. The water started to come in faster and faster. Jemima and Larissa tried to escape but the door was locked. They started to panic and phoned the rescue team. Jemima’s foot got stuck as she tried to move, panicking as the water started to get higher and higher as Larissa started to drown. The water began to go over Jemima’s head.  The church then started to fall down on top of the two of them. Smell of the dead bodies become clearer and spread all around them taking over the place. The sound of the owls echoed through the air and the two girls started frantically trying to escape.

After a couple of hours the two women were still underwater and starting to give up as the rescue team began to try and get them out. There seemed to be no hope in finding them. There was a call out from one of the rescue people, They had found something floating in the water  they pulled it out and discovered it was Jemima. Her skin was really pale and she was unconscious. they tried resuscitating her. it took a good few minutes before she come around. She called and screamed for Larissa as she was nowhere to be seen. The rescue team started looking for Larissa but it wasn’t looking good.  About what seemed and hour later they found her and pulled her out of the water, her body limp and her skin pale blue, she wasn’t breathing. She was rushed to the hospital as they tried to resuscitate her on the way.

They finally got her breathing again as they arrived at the hospital. She was put straight on a drip and breathing machine with oxygen mask. She was kept in for a month, drifting in and out of a coma. Jemima sat by her bedside everyday and night hoping and praying that Larissa would pull through. Grey clouds started to spread through the sky, coldness spreads all around the graveyard where another victim would soon be buried!

__END__

