Suspense Short Story – The Envelope (1)

Photo credit: 

 from 

The cold winds of the winter swept through the window, while he lay on the bed with his blanket wrapped around him. The alarm had gone off long ago but he paid no heed to it, after a while of snoozing he directly went and rejected it on his phone when the sound was becoming more and more annoying. His system needs caffeine to work but somehow today the coffee machine seemed farther than ever. He wondered if even he would be able to make the journey on his own.

‘No’ he would just lie down until it gets a little warmer. He cursed himself for keeping the window open last night. “What the hell was I thinking”, he tucked inside the blanket even more when a knock came to his door. Twice it knocked but as soon as he moved the blanket from his face he heard the person leaving, the sound of the footsteps were very clear, a slow and sluggish walk.

From this side of the room he could see the front door clearly and he saw the little envelope that lay by the door for him to pick up. He gathered himself up with all the effort he can muster and slowly walked towards the door. Now he could see the envelope more clearly. It was not a simple one, the design on it was very beautiful, golden coloured borders and on the corners embroidery type design and written “

”.

Now who would have send him a post at this time of the year? Trying to open the envelope he moved towards the coffee table and started the machine. A white hard paper came out of the envelope and on it written with bold letters “

”, Ted could not understand the meaning of this “I have done what”.

A sudden urge to turn the paper and as he turned it little did he expect that all his questions will be answered by just one date. “

” a chill ran through his body. The paper fell and his darkest dreams came back to him. “Nobody knew about this”, he made sure nobody did, all loose ends tied, “how did this get out”.

Everything was planned with extreme care and caution, “The Death of Miss. Evelyn Byers” A case closed with no suspects. How did he let something slip his hands? A perfect murder he had smiled back then, but now the smile was gone and his mistake was right there, by this feet. What should he do now should he run or hide? The past, after all these years, had finally caught up to him.

###

