Suspense Short Story – Was it a Dream?

Photo credit: 

 from 

A teenage girl Lisa has been just gifted a laptop by her father on her umpteenth birthday. She is quite excited about it & quickly opens it & the first thing she does is to register herself in an online social network & starts searching for friends to chat with.

She finds a strange woman whose profile she visits which says I can make your wishes come true. She leaves a message for her & celebrates her birthday. Next day she again opens that page & she feels lucky to find that woman online. Her profile was quite exciting without any name. She asks that woman for her name but she says,

” Let us first become friends & just make a wish, I will make it come true for you”.

So she wishes to be the most beautiful girl in the world since she was quite concerned about her appearance & felt that she was overweight. That woman asks her to give her email to her & she does all the things as she says.

She receives her email containing a link & when she opens it she finds that a page for registering passport has opened but she already has a passport. She cannot understand anything & questions that woman about it. She only says that if you believe me then do as I say or forget about your wish. Lisa is too tempted for the thought of her dream coming true that she wants to give it a try & does all as she says. She fills the passport form & registers herself  & waits for her wish to get fulfilled.

After a week her doorbell rings. She opens the door to find a postman carrying some parcels & letters. He gives one parcel to that girl which contains the label ‘I can make your wishes come true’. She recalls that this was the heading of the profile of that woman & she must have sent something  which can make her beautiful. She quickly opens it & finds a passport & a letter inside. She is quite confused so she reads the letter in which it is written that if you want to become beautiful just enter the code given at the back of  the passport under the profile of the woman.

She thinks that woman is making an ass out of her by taking advantage of her weakness so she throws it on the floor & goes back to her room in a depressed mood. She lies on her bed when suddenly she hears a voice which was coming from her laptop. She goes closer to it & it was glowing. After that she cannot remember anything what happened to her.

She was hypnotized. She went back to the place where she threw the passport, picked it up & entered the code at the back of the passport in the profile of that woman which was already open. As she does so she finds that laptop is taking her somewhere else, she doesn’t know where. The bright light of the laptop takes her out of hypnotism & she is wondering as she doesn’t remember her past few moments. She is awestruck & afraid.

She finds a door in front  of herself with the label “Come inside & I will make your wishes come true”.

She is quite angry by now & can feel that it is because of that woman she is here. She opens the door with a bang & searches for that woman to ask her to send her back.

She finds a woman sitting on a sofa in the next room & calls her but she doesn’t reply. So, she goes close to her to see her face & as she turns around Lisa shouts in fear. She has never seen such an old, weird & ugly woman throughout her life. That woman tells her that she is Merlin, a witch & she also has the same wish to become the most beautiful woman in the world. She also tells her that only she or Lisa can get her wish fulfilled & she has chosen herself & Lisa will help her in becoming the most beautiful woman by sharing her age with her so that she can become younger & Lisa will become older.

Lisa cannot think of anything except wishing that can it become a bad dream for her & somehow she can get back to her family. Before Lisa can do anything Merlin locks her up in her room & starts preparing for rituals which will make her younger.Lisa thinks that she cannot give up like that. She is her father’s strong daughter & fight till her end. She thinks of what all she can do.

She still has that passport in her hand. She turns it’s pages to get any information from it which can save her. She finds that passport contained all the places in the world & some strange names which she never know they exist or not & are out of this world.

The passport had 3 entries out of which one has been used when she entered into Merlin’s world & two have been left now. She has to make a correct choice to get back  to her home. She cannot bear to stay over here so she enters her name in front of a place she thinks & guesses, her home is located. She writes it with her lucky pen which she always carries with her in her pocket. As she does so she finds herself in the north pole of the earth with snowing all around. She knows that place but it is not her home, it was spelled backwards which created a confusion. Now she has solved the mystery & makes the last entry with her shaking hands remembering God & her family in the passport in front of her city’s name spelled backwards & closes her eyes.

As she opens her eyes she finds herself  lying on the bed & her father shouting at her, ” Get up Lisa. It has been hours since you have been sleeping & get ready for your classes. Otherwise, you will be late.”.

Lisa gets up to find things at their proper place & her lucky pen is still in her pocket. But she cannot find that passport anywhere. It has vanished. She gets ready & goes for her classes still wondering ” Was it a dream”?

__END__

