“Are you okay?” The man in black suit asked at the girl who scooted herself on the backmost part of the car.

“Do I look okay?” The girl snarled, “My mother is dead, my brother is gone and my dad left me for good. I guess I’m okay!”

Sarcasm ran through every corner of her words as she trace random shapes on the windshield.

The man sighed.

“I’m so sorry, Eris. If I could only help you then I already did.”

“I know, Juls.” Eris muttered, pressing her lips together. “I know how much you care about me but it has to be this way and no one can change it.”

The car stopped and Juls stepped out first to open the other door for his friend. The two stared at the huge fence where they stopped.

“Is this really the place?” Eris asked and Juls nodded.

“Yes, your new home.”

“But it looks scary.” Eris winced as she traced the huge mysterious house with her stares.

“Hmm…yeah. I’ll go get your things.”

Juls went back to the car and took her belongings before they entered the place and then left. Eris was left alone outside the huge door and waited for someone to welcome her but no one did so she started knocking but still…no one responded so she decided to just enter.

Her eyes grew in circles when she saw what’s inside. Everything is neat unlike on the outside.

She pulled her luggages in and waited at the family hall for instructions about what to do. Her father actually sold her to be a slave to someone whom he debted to and left without any words so she’s left no choice but to face her fate.

“Oh, there you are.”

Eris immediately stood up when two guys, just of her age, came with wide smiles plastered on their faces. They stopped in front of her and stretched their hands for a shake.

“You must be Eris.” The guy in white asked and she immediately nodded.

“That’s me, sir.”

“I’m sorry if we haven’t gave you a proper welcome.” The other guy said, “Something happened but it’s okay now.”

Eris smiled.

“It’s okay, sir.”

They talked about the rules in the house and it seems like Eris is comfortable about the whole thing until the guy in white, named Kiel, broke her comfort zone.

“Never go through the line on the left wing.” Kiel marked and his brother, Kean, agreed.

“Why?” Eris asked out of confusion.

“Because it’s strictly prohibited. I hope it’s clear and let’s not discuss about that anymore.” Kiel stood up and winked before leaving Eris and his brother at the hall.

“It is really that serious?” Eris asked again.

Kean nodded, “Really…really serious. Now go along and start working. My other brothers will arrive any minute from now.”

Kean showed her her room so she immediately changed her clothes and went back at the hall so Kean could show her the kitchen next.

She cooked the dishes Kean told her and prepared it before the others could arrive.

“We’re home!”

Eris stood straight at the corner of the table and bowed when they looked at her.

“Oh! I supposed this is the girl dad was talking about?” One of the ten guys, who arrived, beamed as he walked near her. “She’s pretty tho.”

“Stop messing around, Ken!” One of them hissed, dragging Ken away from Eris.

“We’re sorry for that.” Another guy came and streched his hands towards her, “My name is Klode. That guy, a while ago, is Ken and the one who draggeg him away is Klyde.”

Eris forced a smile and took his hand for a shake. The other guys went near her to introduce themselves except for one who stayed quiet at the couch.

Eris glanced at him and he was looking at her but immediately averted his gaze away.

“Oh! He’s Klyn, our youngest brother.” Kirt, the eldest, said when he noticed her staring at the guy.

Eris nodded in confusion and shook the thought away since she still have to prepare the dessert but along the way, the thought is still dragging her back since Klyn seems to be avoiding her.

The guys were okay. They were treating her well to the point that she didn’t feel like she’s been sold to be a slave to them.

“Good night, Eris!” Ken shouted before he entered his room which was on the right wing.

Eris shook her head, chuckling. Ken seems like a playful guy unlike the others which were just normal people. After she’s already done fixing things in the kitchen, she immediately proceeded to her room.

She’s about to open the door of her room when she saw someone from her peripheral vision. She immediately looked at the direction and to her surprise, she saw Klyn walking towards the left wing.

Out of confusion, Eris followed him. She pressed herself against the wall so she won’t get caught and carefully sneaked toward Klyn’s direction until he diverted his path so he was out of the frame.

Furrows formed on her forehead when she Klyn was gone from her sight so she decided to turn back but to her amaze, she saw Klyn looking at her from behind.

“Oh!” She gasped, “How did you—I mean…”

“What are you doing here?!” Klyn snarled so she was taken aback.

“Didn’t my brothers told you that this is a forbidden place?!”

“They already did, sir, but…”

“THEN WHY ARE YOU HERE?!” Klyn shouted.

“I-I’m sorry, sir! I didn’t mean to.” Eris stuttered.

“You’re too late!”

Eris gasped when Klyn’s eyes turned into different shades of red.

“I hate stubborn girls!” He muttered and for an instance, he was already in front of him.

Eris was shivering in fear when Klyn agressively pinned both of her hands above her head.

“P-please! Don’t hurt me, Klyn” She pleaded but it only teased the monster in front of her.

Klyn grinned showing off his fangs, “What did you say?” He asked.

Her eyes wobbled in fear as she looked at Klyn’s red eyes, “Please don’t hurt me.”

“No, not that.” He shook his head. “I want you to say my name.”

Eris gasped when Klyn pressed his lips against her neck and bit it. She cringed in pain but Klyn’s grip was so tight that her hands would break if she’ll fight back.

“N-no! Stop.” Eris squealed, hoping that someone could hear her but no one did.

“Ughh!” She groaned when she felt Klyn’s fangs dag on her neck.

“Say my name, Eris!” Klyn growled when she shook her head.

“SAY MY NAME OR I’LL BREAK YOUR NECK!”

Tears crept down her cheeks out of fear and pain.

“Klyn.” She whispered and to her shock, Klyn’s lips were already pressed on her, sucking her energy out.

She tried fighting back but it’s no use. He’s too strong! Her knees weakened until she fell down the ground. She’s all drained out.

Everything was turning until everything went black.

–END–

