Suspense Short Story – A CASE FOR MR. SANI

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hello, Mr. Sani I just called Mr. Rizwan, he is gone to Delhi” said inspector Muneeb in Sani’s ear. “He said that you can serve in his place” he added.

“Yes, he had told me to serve in his place. What is the problem?” said Mr. Sani.

“I am here in Akramabad, come to Mr. Pushvinders house and you will know. But be quick”

“Ok, I am coming” replied Sani and pocketed his mobile.

So, in a great haste Sani dressed properly and started for Akramabad in his car. He reached there very soon and found Muneeb waiting for him outside the door.

“Come Mr. Sani, come in I need your help”

Both of them went in. Muneeb took Sani inside a room. There were two computers in the middle of the room facing away from each other. And on the floor two men were lying on their backs. Both of them were holding a revolver in their hands and below them was a puddle of blood. They were lying quite dead as it seemed.

“That’s how we found them. Nothing has been moved” said inspector Muneeb.

“Who informed you?” asked Sani examining the bodies.

“Zafar the house-keeper called me and informed me about the killing”

Sani scrutinized the floor and everything in the room. He found a window pane broken. He also checked the computers and found that an online chess game had been played between Pushvinder and Javed, which had resulted in a draw due to insufficient material. In case of Pushvinder who owns the house the bullet had passed straight through the heart. And Javed’s head was completely strewn with blood, as the bullet had hit his forehead.

“Can I talk to that house-keeper Zafar?” asked Sani.

“Yes, why not”

Zafar was a stout little gentle man with a rubicund face. It was very cold nevertheless he was wearing a half shirt.

“Can we remove the bodies?” asked Muneeb to Sani.

“Yes” replied Sani.

“What happened to your hand?” Sani asked Zafar in the garden.

“I got a cut while doing something with the knife” replied Zafar showing his bandaged hand.

“When did this happened, I mean that killing”

“I was working in the garden when I heard the shot. I went in and saw that my master was lying on floor, dead. And Javed was taking his last breath”

“Did he say something before dying?”

“He was trying to say something but couldn’t. He was pointing towards my master before he fell down dead”

“How many shots were fired?”

“Three”

“Mr. Sani” cried inspector Muneeb from inside the room.

Sani went in and found Muneeb holding a box in his hands. He had inadvertently switched on the fan and the box had fallen from the fan. When they opened it they discovered a lot of jewelry inside it. They called Zafar the house-keeper and asked him about the box. But he had no knowledge about it.

After that Sani tried every way which Sherlock Holmes may have tried but wasn’t able to solve the case. Rizwan had returned from Delhi and had taken over the case. Inspector Muneeb and Sani were sitting together in Rizwan’s house.

“But you must have formed any theory about the case” said Muneeb to Sani.

“Yes, I have formed one which suits all the facts. I think that those two dead men had robbed someone’s house. You remember that jewelry box. And then to settle the matter that who will take the jewelry they played a chess game which resulted in a draw, as you have yourself. The matter wasn’t settled yet. So, to settle it both of them fired at each other simultaneously. Javed’s bullet went straight through Pushvinder’s heart. But Pushvinder missed, you remember that broken window pane straight behind the body of Javed”

“But then who killed Javed?” asked Muneeb.

“When the housekeeper Zafar heard the shot he went in and saw his master lying on the floor, dead. So, then he a fight with Javed in which his hand was hurt. Zafar got the revolver and fired at him. The bullet went straight in the forehead. Then he arranged both the bodies as they have killed one another with the revolvers in their hands”

“But it’s just a theory you don’t have any proof”

“Yes, that’s the problem, I can’t prove him guilty”

Muneeb’s mobile rang. Rizwan was calling him.

“Have you got something new?” asked Muneeb.

“Yes, I have got the man ,to be more accurate men. I am bringing them to you”

“What! He has got the man” exclaimed Sani. “I know it will be him, the housekeeper” he added.

“We will see” replied Muneeb and they waited for Rizwan to come.

Eventually their patience was rewarded as Rizwan showed himself in followed by Javed and Pushvinder congratulating Sani.

__END__

