Detective David-The Murder Of Sitting Man – Suspense Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

David got the invitation of lunch from The Mayor of the city.There is no free lunch ,actually he want to discuss something about Jargo  (read Detective David-The case of locked room murder) with David and inspector Ted.

Ted and David reached at Mayor’s home where they were attended by Mayor’s wife Dorthy.

Dorthy : Hello,inspector and detective.Nice to meet both of you.Actually Mayor is doing some work in his room.

David : Ok we will wait .

One hour passed.

Dorthy: I should call him.

David,Tedd,Dorthy go to call Mayor from his room.

Mayor was sitting on his chair with down face and chin on his hand and opera was playing.

Dorthy : I think he would sleep.

Dorthy shook him but Mayor fell down.Inspector Tedd check his nerves and declared he died.

Inspector Tedd called other police officers and Mayor’s body for postmortem.

David started investigating the crime scene.But finds nothing except a needle.

David : Call the other members of the house.

All the members are here me , maid Lisa,driver Tom.

David : So Linda ,when you saw Mayor alive last time?

Linda : When I came to give him his  Lemon tea.After that I went to kitchen to prepare the lunch.

David : Tom answer the same question.

Tom : I drop him in the house at about 10 A.m. After that I just sitting in the garden.

David : I found a needle here,can you tell me Mrs. Dorthy what is its use.

Dorthy :Mayor had neck pain regularly so he got  acupuncture from doctor.

David: What is in your hand Mrs. Dorthy?

Dorthy : Nothing, just a key ring.

David : Can I see?

Dorthy : Sure.

David : Nice key ring with with hollow cylinderical shape space.

Whole day David investigate about three suspects , their past and present.

Next day postmortem report come which shows that Mayor ate nothing but some sleeping pills and Lemon tea.

David : Doctor,what is the cause of death?

Doctor : I think these sleeping pills which were dissolved with Lemon tea is the cause of death. But these sleeping pills were giving in perfect amount at the person may or may not be die.We found nothing but these pills only.

Tedd : So David,I think we get our killer maid Linda.

Inspector Tedd arrested Linda.But David is confused about something what is the use of that needle,shape in the keyring.He thinks that Linda is not killer.So he went to Mayor house at night and seached all the houses including maid and Dorthy and he got all his answers.

At that night only he called inspector Tedd to come Mayor’s house.

David : Inspector Tedd, I think, I got the real killer bring Linda with yourself at Mayor’s house.

All gathered at Mayor’s house.

David : Tonight I am going to tell you the  Mayor’s real murderer.Yes Linda  is not the real killer .The murderer is ….you Mrs. Dorthy. Searching your room I found that your a graduate from Chemical science.First I tell how this murder was done.When we reached in Mayor’s room he was not died but sleeping due to pills which were dissolved by Mrs. Dorthy in his tea.

Being a  Chemical Science graduate she has all the knowledge about chemicals including poison.She prepared a special poison which gets neutralized  by Lemon Tea and slipping pills so thats why Doctor can’t able to find this poison in Mayor’s body.The murder weapon used is, this needle and key ring.When Mrs. Dorthy  shook Mayor to wake up at that time she only pierced this poised needle  on his neck.Being deadly poison it fastly act and Mayor died abruptly.  Due to impact of falling this needle fall from his body.

Dorthy : Yes I am the killer of this bloody man.He is killer of my husband James. We three of us graduated from the same college . Mayor loves me and proposed me  but I love James so I married to James.James had a pills factory but Mayor closed his factory.After that James not able to pay loan of the factory and had suicide.After that Mayor paid all my loans and marry me.Last month I found it was intentionally done by Mayor to close James factory. So I decided to kill him.

This case is solved but what about Jargo, will David able to ever find him…….

__END__

