Suspense Short Story – The Serial Killer

Photo credit: 

 from 

They are meeting for the first time.

She is excited. Not because she haven’t been in any relationship for quite a long time now, but because he might be her next victim. She is doing it for quite a long time. She is beautiful. That is why it was never difficult for her to lure desperate idiots. Yes,  She is a serial killer.

Raghav – She met him on tinder. An average looking guy in his late 20’s. He is a software engineer in a big IT firm as per his tinder profile. She never went for a high profile person because it draws attention of media and police and as per her – for a serial killer it is necessary to be away from both of these. Never leave a clue – she believed.

He wanted to go to to some good place. “First date should be memorable” He told her. But she convinced him for this local restaurant. She convinced him by ‘This is just the first date. What if it does not work out. If everything goes well for first couple of months, then we will be having a complete lifetime for these things”.

He picked her up from a well known place. “She is pretty and hot” He thought . She was looking beautiful in her red top and blue jeans.

She found him cute and decent. She liked him.

This is how they met first.

She never took more than 15 days to kill her victims but this time its been two months and she was not been able to decide the place and the date of killing.

“He is a decent guy. Never did anything wrong. Struggled a lot to achieve whatever he has today. And what his mother will do if I kill him.” She thought.

“This is wrong. I like him. This is wrong”. She shouted while alone in her room. It never happened to her earlier.

“I need to leave. I need to leave this behind and go away. If I can not kill him then I need to go away. I am not meant to be with anyone. I am a serial killer and he is a saint. I should move on”.

He was at her flat for a movie when she started the conversation.

“I will be going to a friends marriage this Sunday”. She made an excuse to run away.

“Ok. So, where are you going and when will you be back”?. He asked eagerly.

“Going to Delhi. Will be back in a week.”

“How will I survive without you for a week?” he was sad.

She kissed him on forehead. She was in love.

They decided to spent that night at her flat. They bought some food and wine.

She looked at him while he was sleeping. “It is going to be tough for me” She thought with tears in her eyes. She kissed him on forehead once again and decided to sleep as she has to do packing in the morning.

Why can’t I move? Am I dreaming? Why I am not been able to speak? She got scared.

She was all tied. She was not been able to scream because of those socks in her mouth. She looked for Raghav. he was not anywhere. She felt a chilling pain in her spine.

Where is he? Who is doing all this? he must be fine otherwise whoever is doing this has to suffer. like hell. I swear. She was angry.

Gate opened. His face was covered with monkey cap. He gave instructions – “I will take out socks from your mouth. Don’t shout. You may live.”

“Who are you and what do you want? Where is Raghav?.” She asked furiously.

“Your first question will be answered lately. Answer of your second question is so obvious – I want to kill you. About Ragahv- I will keep suspense”. He smiled.

“Why do you want to kill me?” She started shivering.

“Because, you are a serial killer”.

“Are you out of your mind. I am just a girl who works at a call centre. You must have mistaken me with someone else. And who the f##k are you? Some vigilante.”

“I have all the clues sweetheart. All your trophies. I had DNA checked for some of the samples and they matched your victims.”

She was surprised and shocked.

“Before killing me just tell me – where is Raghav?” She started crying. She was in deep love.

“Told you – Suspense. you will never get to know about what happened to him”.

“Who are you?” She asked angrily.

“I am Abhay. I am a reporter who is following you after your second last murder. I wouldn’t have done that probably – If your victim wouldn’t have been my brother Sanjay. I am so sorry that I wasn’t been able to stop you committing your last murder. And as Raghav is your boyfriend so he must have been helping you. So, He will get what he deserves.”

“Please don’t do anything to ….”. She could not complete her statement as he sliced her throat and screamed …”Die bi##h”.

He dumped her body in the sea and then dialled a number. Somebody picked up –

“Raghu here. I have all the clues to prove that she killed those 9 men but the thing is She dispersed In thin air like anything. I haven’t seen her from yesterday. May be she left the city.”

He smiled and cut the phone.

“Rest in peace bi##h!”

–END–

