Diary (part-1)

Continued …..

When she opened it, the letters popped up with a flash saying “IF YOU FIND YOU CAN CHANGE”.

She didn’t get the meaning of that sentence. She is so confused thinking about it and later decided to go further. Now to her surprise she can see the next painting which was just a white paper when she checked before finding that letter. This one now is a girl standing in front of a black door. She started searching for that door by walking further. She walked nearly for an hour and reached the dead end but couldn’t find any doors as such in the painting. She is now thirsty and tired and so sat down by leaning against the wall. When she leaned she unknowingly pushed a brick which acts as a button to open the secret door.

So when that brick got pushed a large sound occupied that area. To her surprise she found a opening on the other end. When she approached closer to that she found that black door which is in the painting. She then pushed the door and went inside. The room is too dark and dusty. She don’t know what to do here and wat to search for. The only thing she knows that she has to go inside this room and which she did it. When she entered that room she has a familiar feeling that she had already been here. It’s a Deja Vu.

She then hears a male voice asking her to find the diary and get back soon. She fears and quickly searches for the diary. She opens the cupboard and finally finds that diary and shouts ‘ I have found it ‘. That male voice asks her to run quick and come back to where she started from. She quickly runs and gets out of that book shelf. She then follows that voice and end up in front of a room. When she opens the door she finds herself sleeping on the bed with a group of four members surrounding her. She was shocked seeing this and finally wakes up with the same four members standing beside her. She then hands over the diary to them.

Everyone starts laughing and they were very happy seeing the diary. One of the men says to Priyanka ‘ If you weren’t there we could have not found our diary. Our lives will be changed now. We will gonna be rich soon ‘ . These five group of people were treasure hunters in their past life. Priyanka was one among them. They were all brutally murdered by their enemies. At that time Priyanka hided their treasure map in a diary and hid it somewhere beneath the tunnel with the clues left. When Priyanka went to college the first day, all five of them met accidentally and remembered their past life. They then decided to find their unachieved task and complete it before they die in this life. So when her mom left to work she called in all four of them to their house.

Since Priyanka left the clues she is the only one who can find it again. They then performed this activity which separated the soul from Priyanka’s body and wander in search of that diary. The question here is how did they find that the tunnel in which Priyanka hided the diary is beneath this new house. The thing is they actually don’t know ot is in the same house where they were performing. It’s just all DESTINY which made them unite again and which made them find the diary.

–END–

