Short Story Suspense – The Pendant

Photo credit: 

 from 

On my way to work one day while kicking some old rusty coloured autumn leaves, I came across a coin shaped silver pendant amongst the leaves. I thought of picking it up, but choose to leave it for someone else. Having forgotten about it 2 weeks later I came across it again this time shining up from the foot path not far away from where I first saw it. I decided this time to pick it up and keep it as it felt like it was meant to be. It was foreign in origin it had swirly patterns around the edges, unusual witting near that and in the centre a small faded figure just to say visible.

I saw no great harm in keeping or wearing it, so I found a silver chain and began to wear it, that night I awoke with a start as the bed behind me began to dip and a hot air past over the side of my face, I froze I could not turn around, I lay for what felt like ages before I summoned up enough courage to look behind me, but nothing was there, for the rest of that night I stayed awake.

The next evening tired and exhausted I fell asleep at 9pm. During this deep sleep I began to dream of a dark hooded figure floating away from me in to the farthest dark corner of my room, only to be replaced with a white sheet coming closer and closer, but not a full big sheet, just enough to hide a face behind, the face pushed and twisted behind the sheet and a great pressure pinned me in to my bed. The air in my lungs became restricted and I tried to fight to get up and then woke up sweating, hot and scared, sleep eluded me for the rest of that night.

The following night was worse I dreamed of loud cracking noises like when wood is being broke, then a scrawny skeletal hand, then body followed by a pasty bald head with large protruding eyes and snarly features, slowly dragged itself up from between the floor boards at the foot of my bed. It made its way up and leaned straight in to my face “give me” it said pointing and trying to claw at the pendant “give me” it yelled viciously in to my face. I woke up then with a scream, looked down at the necklace to see small sharp scratch marks upon my chest. Enough was enough the following day I returned the necklace to a pile of leaves not far from where I found it, now I understand why nobody picked it up, or maybe they did but like me just did not want to tell another soul, so beware of all that glitters it may not be as harmless as you think.

__END__

