Suspense Short Story – Love,Lust and everything else…. 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Returning late from his unending advertising job was not new for Raghu. After all he had learnt the art of living in the present with the hangover and deadlines . For someone like him who wandered the streets of Ranchi for most for his childhood , Mumbai for a place of his dreams, even with his one room apartment. And more than Mumbai the field of advertising got him infatuated with the idea of having fun with life when you can and so he did. Every morning in his rented apartment in Bandra was almost the same , with different girls leaving his apartment in the mornings of certain over alcoholic nights.

Today was no different, a rather lazy chilling Saturday December  morning . The clock hit 7 am and the sun was at its best colors. Raghu was asleep like a child in the fetus , same position just minus the innocence. The room was like any other bachelor guys room, scattered clothes, smelling of pizza that had be brought a night earlier and socks that had been lying in the laundry for longer than you can imagine. The door opened slowly and then closed.  She walked into the room with her head full of anger. Raghu was still sleeping like a child. She woke him up and Raghu opened his drowsy eyes and tried to bring himself to reality. He couldn’t believe she was standing in front of him . For a minute he thought it was the last nights wine speaking and creating a hallucination, but when she grabbed his T-shirt he realized it was real. She was actually here.

She reached into her purse , and before Raghu could react blood oozed out from middle of his forehead. The bullet has passed him and was now lying drenched in blood on the floor. The door closed and Raghu rested there lifeless. The police arrived when Raghu’s maid tried opening the door with her set of keys to only find his dead body in a puddle of blood. A few days passed and after initial investigations Raghu’s Ex Girlfriend was summoned for further details.

Priya was Raghu’s latest Ex grilfriend who also happened to be his office colleague. Raghu promised her to settle down with her in a years time and was caught cheating on her. Raghu and Priya broke up after the incident , and a romance of 1 year came to an end. Police on knowing the story found Priya as having the perfect motive to kill Raghu. Priya told the authorities everything and also the fact that she was in Delhi for an official assignment.

The authorities searched Priya’s apartment for any clues but found nothing. She had actually boarded a plane to Delhi a night before the morning Raghu was killed and so the police has to end their fixation with the idea of Priya being the accused.Apart from Priya, Raghu was close only to his parents in Ranchi. So as further investigation the team of special officers proceeded to Ranchi.

They consoled the parents and found that Raghu’s mother wasn’t speaking due to shock due to Raghu’s death.  The police as a process made interrogations with each member of the family. Raghu’s brother who worked as a electrician in Ranchi apparently never liked Raghu due to his choice of profession. But all inquiries failed. 6 months passed and no clue was found, there were no finger prints on the door or anything else in Raghu’s room. He actually has died in a very cinematic way .

Then out of the blue police caught the killer , actually it was a surrender . The killer had given in . The Killer’s acceptance was in exact words as below ,

” I am here to confess that I killed Raghu. I killed him as a women. I have no regrets about what I did. Its better to kill a man rather than  have a man alive who doesnt respect women. What he did with Priya was unacceptable, I tried making him understand but he did not, He was living with him after all , how could he not marry her ? And that day I went there to make him realize his mistake or just kill me and end my torcher because I couldnt see him like this. I saw pictures of him with other girls in his apartment and it reminded me of Priya’s tears. I lost my control and pressed the trigger. Words said by Raghu’s mom with her winter glows on.

 

Respect Women. Not all things that give happiness are fair. And never underestimate the power of a Mother.

__END__

