Leaving aside the memories is indeed a hard task especially if it is somewhere we gain and lost everything.

Arjun is in the court. Two more hours is there for the final judgement. If didn’t give work to the brain constantly , the mind will take control of ourselves. That happened in his case too.  Some are born to become black-sheep in reputed families. So do he. He was such a careless, irresponsible guy who always fall as a prey for others advice. He even says he is living in the world to get the Guinness world record of listening to all the advises of the world.

As all parents , his parents Prem and Jaya also choose marriage as the last the option for changing Arjun to a responsible gentleman. They made him Director of one of their companies in Bangalore and arrange everything in a plan to make him settle there. They found out a suitable girl – Aswathy and marriage happens all of a sudden and the couples went to Bangalore. Jaya become panic when she couldn’t get them in phone even after consistent calling. Prem ask her to be calm and consoled by saying that they were travelling somewhere and remind her of Arjun’s character.  He is somebody who didn’t attend to his grandpa’s funeral because of his irresponsible nature.

Two more days passed and Jaya became really scary even though she is well aware of her son’s character. May be this is why we say a lady’s intuition is more powerful than a man’s surety. She call Aswathy’s parents to check whether they have any idea.They told Jaya that the had a call from Aswathy on the day they went to Bangalore and she told them that they are planning a trip to Dubai and will call back after they returned. But that was also not a satisfying answer for her.

She do all her household work in an irregular and embarrassing manner as she think about her son always. She use pepper instead of sugar in coffee, put the newspaper in washing machine, remote control of TV in grinder and so on.

One night Prem and Jaya wake up with the sound of a calling bell. When Prem opened the door he was shocked to see his son along with police. The intensity of shock deepen when he come to know that the police came to get evidences from his home as Arjun is a criminal who killed his wife!

–

(to be continued)

