Suspense Short Story – AMIDST THE DESERT

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘Tell me the worst thing that has ever happened to you.’ He loaded his gun and pointed at one of the hostages.

‘If I like what you say, you’ll be allowed to leave.’ He finished his sentence.

‘My.. my son died …in..’ The old woman began to sob.

A shot was fired.

‘I am sorry. I meant you will be allowed to leave the world.’ He laughed viciously.

‘Now you. You will tell me’

He reloaded his gun and pointed it at the next to-be corpse. Two men suddenly appeared from somewhere and carried away the cadaver. The insides of her brain spattered on the wall behind.

The room was smelly and the heat was too hot to handle. With one of their fellow tourists down, none of the remaining dared to utter a word. They had been told not to go towards the south of the dessert, but one of the female tourists, Natalie had persuaded them otherwise and now, they were going to die.

One of the male hostage’s eyes flashed with anger and resentment. And he began to curse.

‘Too much anger. Huh?’ The man took out a knife from his pocket and stepped towards him.

 ‘ I will not shoot you. You will bleed to death.’ Having said that he made some big incisions on his body. The man shrieked in pain.

A few drops of tears escaped Natalie’s eyes and she wished that Samar hadn’t tried to act smart. She begged God to keep him alive until…. Her thoughts were interrupted when a young boy entered the room.

‘Rehman! Come here boy! ‘ The man coaxed the little boy like a puppy and then handed him his gun.

The man next to Natalie caught everybody’s attention when he freaked out and started to plead.

‘I don’t want to die… Please let me live. I’ll do whatever you say….’ this was followed by his cries.

‘Are you scared? ‘

The man nodded with fear.

‘Now that’s what I like.’ He tapped his shoulder and ordered Rehman to take him to the training camp.

As soon as they left the room, another man with a huge rifle entered the room. He looked terrified and shocked.

‘It was a trap Yaqub! It was a bloody trap! We are surrounded by the police! There is no way we can escape!’

They were about to come up with a plan when some screams were heard followed by firing. In no time, the room was flooded with uniformed officers and Yaqub and other members of his group were being arrested.

An Officer came up to Natalie and untied her. He then looked at her with utmost respect and saluted.

‘It’s an honor to be working with officers like you.’ He said and then moved towards Samar who was now being treated and repeated his actions.

A total of forty-seven innocent people were rescued and nineteen men were given the death sentence.

__END__

