Suspense Short Story – THE T-R-A-P

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s a quiet and pleasant night. Only sound from the wall clock indicating that the time is 1:30 A.M.

I’m in deep sleep.

The bed is adjacent to wall which has a window and faint light entering through. There is a fishbowl with one golden fish in it.

Right next to my bed there is a dressing table, on top of which my mobile phone is placed.

Fan is rotating at low speed and the door is on the far end of the room.

Faint moonlight through window fills the room.

Phone started ringing and stopped after a few seconds (old Nokia handset whose light blinks when it ring).

I’ve wriggled a bit, groans but continued my sleep.

The phone ranged for a second and without opening my eyes, i reached out to the phone and took it into my hand and the alert stopped.

After few minutes my phone started ringing for the third time again and i got up and looked at the phone and the ring ended simultaneously.

I looked up and found myself in a new strange room.

I jumped out of the bed and looked around the room. Tried all the switches near by but no light turned on except a bed light.

I ran towards the door but the door was locked from other side. Then i Banged on the door but no use. I then came to the window to look out but even that was locked. No clue is left behind.

I’ve shouted for help for few times but then i realized that there is no use.

Now ran towards my phone and opened contacts to call someone for help but i noticed that all my contacts were erased and i can’t seem to remember anything at all.

I don’t even remember what was the last thing happened, i cant remember how i came here. I then remembered the call i got before i woke up.

It’s from an unknown number. I dialed the number and waited. . . . . . . . . . .

A femaleee voice said, “hello”.

I was still in shock as i remained silent without uttering a single word and a drop of sweat fell down from my forehead.

“Hello, anybody there?” she said for second time, and then i replied“Who are you?”, in a low and nervous voice.

She – Hello! You called me and asking me who I am? First tell me who you are!

I – actually…. i got a call from your number couple of minutes ago.

She – listen Mr., I’ve didn’t called anyone and i know the reason why you calling me. But look I’m not that kind of girl. So you better to check with some other lady. Good bye.

She hung ups the call.

I was really in confusion that I’m in a strange room and don’t have any of my contacts and when i called to that missed call which i got on my mobile i was told that it’s a wrong no.

Then i realize that she was the only person who can help me now. So i started dialing to that number again.

She answered the call and said

” what is your problem, what’s wrong with you”.

I – hey listen.. I’m really in a pathetic situation now. When i got up for ur missed cal i found myself in a strange room and i don’t have any source to go out. No contacts in my phone, I don’t remember any number. All the doors and windows were locked. Someone have trapped me. Please help me.

She – Do i seem like a fool and to listen all the bull sh*t from you? Do you know what time it is?.

I – Please….. Please… Trust me. I’m begging you. Please believe me.

She – Look! I don’t know who you are or what your problem is…May be you had a nightmare. Stop bothering me and go to sleep. It’ll be fine in the morning.

I – No! You don’t understand. I did not have a nightmare. This is real. I’m trapped somewhere

 and I don’t know how, why and where.

She – (Yawns) Hmmmmm…All Right… Tell me what are the surroundings you can see now.

I – A bed, a fan, a fishbowl with a golden fish and a locked door n a window.

She – hufff…Okay… What’s your name by the way…

I – My name… My name….Oh sh*t… I don’t remember my name….

She – (screaming) what… R u kidding me… M not at all interested in playing with you right now. How come you don’t remember your name.

I – I’m not kidding with you…. Trust me i really don’t remember my name.

She – I think you are drunk. You might had a nightmare. Sleep for sometime… Everything will be all right. I’m really not in mood to listen your words anymore.

I – haha…. (laughing).

She – Why you laughing?

I – I got to knew what actually happened.

She – what?

I – you are the culprit.Yr the person who trapped me. Tell me what you want.

She – (angrily) what nonsense you r talking. Why would i do that. Who r you. I don’t even know you.

I – okay. If you don’t know me how come i got your no. on my mobile. Okay leave about that. If i don’t know you why only we both having this conversation.

She – how would i know that?

I – Okay… Answer to my one last question…what’s your name…???

She – My name… My name…

I – Why silence…. Why you fumbling…. Now hang up the cal and Turn on your lights. Then call me back..

Call disconnected…

She got down from her bed and tried to turn on lights…Tried all the switches near by but no light turned on except a bed light. Complete silence. A dressing table…. A fishbowl with a golden fish….

Then she close her eyes, places her hands over her head and screams loudly.

Then she’ll realize that she has been trapped.

Then immediately she took her phone and started dialing to my no. which I’ve called her couple of minutes ago.

Phone was ringing… But not mine… Somewhere else…

Someone received the call…

“Hello….”

She – Hey listen.. I’m really in a pathetic situation now. When i got up for ur missed cal i found myself in a strange room and i don’t have any source to go out. No contacts in my phone, I don’t remember any number. All the doors and windows were locked. Someone have trapped me. Please help me.

The Trap continues like a cycle…

__END__

