Suspense Short Story – Mystery of Caroline

Photo credit: 

 from 

 20 years old rich girl

 

 Rich man and father of Caroline

 

 Mother of Caroline

 

 22 years old handsome boy

 

 20 years old girl and enemy of Caroline

 

 20 years old girl and best friend of Caroline

Caroline was a young beautiful girl. Her father was a very rich man. Caroline along with her best friend Jennifer joined in a new college. Caroline was a hardworking girl. She was very fond of reading. Once she came across a guy named Thomas. They began their relationship by becoming friends. Both Caroline and Thomas had same taste. They enjoyed spending time with each other.

Kate, a young girl was in the same class of Caroline. She was always jealous of Caroline and she never missed a chance of hurting Caroline. Kate disliked the friendship between Thomas and Caroline. Indeed, Kate was loving Thomas but she never told about it to anyone.

Friendship between Caroline and Thomas turned into love. They both became lovers and loved each other very much. Kate was boiling in anger from this situation. She started thinking about ideas to bring conflicts between Caroline and Thomas. She wanted to separate each other.

Kate was very much successful in bringing conflicts between Caroline and Thomas. But still they were very close. Kate used to try many tricks to separate Caroline and Thomas but only some tricks were successful and some were totally flop.

Meanwhile, there came a very shocking and heartbreaking news. The father of Caroline, John had been killed. Caroline was very much moved by this incident. She became very sad and did not talk to anyone properly after her father’s demise. She even could not convince herself to talk with Thomas. Caroline was avoiding Thomas.

On the other hand, Kate utilized the situation to her benefit. She started to talk a lot with Thomas. She became very close to Thomas. Kate tried to make Thomas forget about Caroline. But, Thomas  did not forget Caroline and still loved her a lot.

Jennifer being the best friend of Caroline tried to make Caroline her feel good and wanted her to come out of her dad’s incident. Jennifer saw that Kate was misusing the situation and was trying to get Thomas. Jennifer succeeded in bringing back Caroline to happy moods. She insisted Caroline to talk with Thomas and alerted her about Kate’s intentions.

Caroline, after a long bad days started to enjoy life with the help of Jennifer. Caroline began to talk with Thomas. Once again Thomas and Caroline became very close to each other. They shared all their happy and sad moments. Kate became anxious about it.

Once Caroline and Jennifer were crossing the road near the college. But, suddenly a car came and hit them intentionally. Jennifer and Caroline became seriously injured. Unfortunately, Jennifer died. Caroline was shocked by the death of her friend.

Caroline shared all these things with Thomas. Thomas told her that there might be some relation between the death of her father and Jennifer. He told her that the car may have attempted her rather than Jennifer.

Meanwhile, a gang arrived there. They attacked Caroline and Thomas. Thomas was a very good boxer. He hit all the gang members. Simultaneously, Caroline called up the police.

Then the boss of the gang arrived. He too was a very good boxer. The fight between him and Thomas started. They fought for about fifteen minutes. Finally, Thomas defeated the gang’s boss. But unfortunately, a lady killed Thomas from back with a knife and Thomas died. The lady and the gang’s boss were about to kill Caroline but at the main time police arrived. The police rescued Caroline and caught the killers.

The police investigated everything with the killers. The gang’s boss said that he killed John to become rich. Caroline was the only daughter of John, so he tried to kill Caroline with a car but her friend Jennifer died.  He further said that he came here for another attempt to kill Caroline but Thomas saved her.

He said that he knew about the will of John. The will stated that if John dies then the property and money will belong to Caroline and if, even Caroline dies then it will belong to her mother,Emily.

The most shocking thing is that the lady who killed Thomas was Emily. Emily said that she was not the real mother of Caroline. The mother of Caroline died due to childbirth and John married her to take care of Caroline. John had never said Caroline that Emily was her step mother. The gang’s boss was boyfriend of Emily. They both had planned to kill John and Caroline in order to become rich.

__END__

