Closed Door – Suspense Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

He woke up and could see nothing. Just dark panel of space.

It was after a real long time he woke.

He was unsure whether his vision was correct and he assumed it to be dark out there.

It puzzled him…. Tried to move … there was a severe jolt of pain which shot up from the right lower leg.

Left hand experienced muscular pain at the wrist.

He was lying idle and could not understand what is happening and where he was.

After a short while, his smelling capability started to function and he could smell something fleshy.

It was awful and strong odour.  Although he was used to the odour of raw non-vegetarian food, he was not able to stand this one.

It was like something from a cut part of body…..

He panicked…

whether his leg is cut and the foul smell is from that?

Oh no ….probably not … odour is from a distant object.

But still doubt remained.

He tried to see through the dark space around him….complete layers of grey and black areas… his eyes strained and something trickled down his eyebrow which flowed around the right eyes.

He touched it and felt …something sticky and gum like….

Just similar to feeling of gum when you make kites at home.

He took it smell  ………vomiting sensation uprooted from his stomach….something very vague and ugly feeling swept through his nose and mind.

He wiped his fingers.

Floor was wet and he could sense the wetness through his pants….jeans pant.

He slowly tried to drag himself….

Something fell due to his movement and he could hear gradually increasing sound …… then again a sheet of silence.

His mind was racing back and forth……was he killed and then he survived?

Whether he was stabbed by someone?

The moment this thought came to his mind, How is 

? Leg was paining more severe with this thought.

 was sitting ahead of two seats to him and he knew that she was aware of his presence…

Something happened to her also?

Some blast? Or some riots?

His town was a calm one that way, so very feeble chance of blasts or riots …but still …can’t say.

He tried to breathe easy ….he felt cold air entering his nostrils and the coldness getting extended to his lungs and all the nerves.

What happened to 

?

He could sense the headache gradually increasing due to his thoughts….and the darkness added more severity to it.

He was worried about the person hung above his head …

It may not be person…. or it is??…

He tried to move his body slowly towards some assumed end….

He hit an unknown object which moved a little as he forced himself….but again that “thing” was back.

He felt somebody sleeping there …he tried to touch that hanging thing …moved his hands all over it….. His hands became wet…..complete wet…..

It was a sticky feeling again…. he almost vomited…

Hand was complete sticky and with filthy…..feeling….some liquid was on his hands.

He tried to get himself up on his left leg alone and to certain extent became successful before completely dropping himself on something soft and slippery.

It was complete puzzled world and he was in the middle of it…

Unknown area, unknown circumstances…..

Why somebody should kill him?

Why somebody should make him sleep amongst dead bodies or something like that?

Why he has lost his leg? Who made it so?

He felt himself living sometime back but now he doubted that also….

Lot of pain throughout the whole body…like each brick of body blasting into pieces.

.Again he tried and he fell down…… hard on the ground ……he went un-conscious….

*  *

It was feeble voice which woke him up when he heard two ward boys discussing at his bedside probably in hospital…

“You know this person ….

….. That lover boy who followed 

 of Badi chawdi?”

“Haaan 

 

…..Sister of 

… I mean 

?”

“Yes 

…. this person was found un-conscious in the go-down of 

…he was lying in the pool of all remains of slaughtered animals….. Total messy place ….”

“Why so, how did he land there?”

“Even I am wondered …

 probably was hit by 

‘s friends while he was going to meet 

 and they even broke his right leg…..but later when he became un-conscious, they probably feared and as told by my friend who works in that area, they lifted him and put him in this go-down where 

 stocks the remains of bones, un-used flesh material and filth material after slaughtering the cattle and chicken ….

 makes business out of  left-over’s of slaughter house ”

“Oh that is the case …so now 

 cannot have 

……?”

There was a silence of few seconds before one of the ward boy sounded anxious.

“Hey doctor is coming …keep working ….”

 heard their footsteps fading away.

 went un-conscious again……

__END__

