She had been hiding in her closet for the last 3 hours since her dying grandfather confessed that he had committed a crime during his life and that she should expect a visit from a dark man.

“He will come out of the shadow” were his last words. After which she ran as fast as she could to her farmhouse and hid herself in the closet. She was an orphane now because she had no one else in this world rather than her grandfather, whom she loved the most. She wanted to go to the place where she left her grandfather’s body and wanted to feel his gentle touch again the last time but she was unable to gather the courage to even get out of the closet. It was slowly getting even hard to sit in the closet for a minute though she was very thin and could easily fit in there for months but it was getting hard to breathe in there.

With a lot of efforts she at last slept but after some minutes she again woke up startled, she had a dream in which the same dark shadow ( as described by her grandfather) was already in the farmhouse and was looking for her, shouting” You can’t hide from me, I will find you because your grandfather owes you something” after which she woke up.

She wanted to cry and she had multiple reasons to- She lost her grandfather and the only family she had left with her and now she was here hiding in the closet all sweaty and breathless but she had no choice with her. Tears fell from her eyes as she wept the tears off with her cold hands, she heard a noise of the door being open, her heart started beating faster and faster.

She closed her eyes and as tears were falling off her cheeks, she tried her level best to control them. She could hear the steps of someone getting closer to the closet, she crossed her fingers and as she closed her eyes she remembered all the good memories she could of her past 15 years with her grandfather.

The closet door opened with a creaking sound and she saw a dark shadow of a man standing in front of her, as she screamed ” GRANDPA”.

–END–

