So you want to hear a story? Well, I used to know a whole lot of pretty interesting ones. Some of them so funny you’d laugh yourself unconscious, others so terrible you’d never want to repeat them. So I’ll just tell you about the time I found that lost thing….

It was Friday, the crucial day for every IT professionals. All the other days they kept fussing on the speed marathon of the time machine. When the clock ticked 6 all were distressed about the incomplete task sheets and the frustrated team leaders.

But today all were relaxed, eyes glued on their watches waiting to jump out of their seats to go home. Two days complete freedom…free from their tasks and free from their hot seats…So am I.

I am Amal, Programmer Analyst Trainee in one of the leading software companies in Coimbatore.

I packed my stuff and was ready to run to catch the office cab…not worrying about missing the cab but worried about missing my seat, particularly the window one. Today I was not in a hurry as we were going by 9 pm airbus to Cochin. There was enough time.

As per the plan me and my friend Nimisha would take the direct cab to Gandhipuram, purchase some stuffs, have food and wait in the travel agency office.

But unfortunately we didn’t get the direct cab. So we went to our hostel and waited for a private bus to the depot. After a long tiresome waiting, a bus came which was heavily rushed. Somehow we entered the bus. By 15 minutes we reached Gandhipuram bus station.

We wandered through the street for about an hour, scanning each shops and street vendors… At last by 8 we entered Vasantha Bhavan to order food.

“Hey did you see my ID card?” I screamed pointing to the ID card string hung on my neck. She looked at me puzzled and started laughing.

“Why are you laughing…? I am tensed…How would I go to office without that…?”

“First of all stop blabbering… Its a temporary ID card… We could apply for a new one after the leave. And why don’t you remove it when you leave the office haa…?”

” Hmmm… So it has gone… Eat fast… ” I shouted at her as I had almost lost my temper.

Haunting with the thoughts of how to  get back my valuable treasure…. The first ID card of my professional life….I settled myself on a corner seat of the travel agency office.

Suddenly my phone buzzed. It was a message to my Kerala number. “HAI”

I was confused because that was my Kerala number and none of my friends and colleagues knew this. Ok… Might be one of my relative or friend from Kerala.

But I hesitated to reply back because it was 8:45 night. Texting to an unknown number is not right at this time, I thought…

After a couple of minutes I got a call from the same number. This time I made sure that it is someone urgent.

“Hello… Is this Amal?” I was stunned by hearing a male voice at the other end. With mixed thoughts I replied, “Yes… Its Amal here… Who is this…?

“Before introducing me let me tell you one thing… You are so cute in your specs… ”

“Hello… Excuse me. I didn’t get you… ”

With a long gasp he replied, “Ok… Chill… Listen I didn’t call you to irritate you rather than I am a discoverer….”

“Discoverer!!!!… Of what… Hey Mister… I am not at all interested in loose talks. Straight away come to the topic… I don’t have time… And by the way how did you get my contact?” I became furious at that moment.

“I told already, I am a discoverer… Tell me the truth… Tonight did you miss something…?”

Suddenly an idea popped out of my head… He is talking about my lost identity card… OMG!! It had my photo, address as well as my contact numbers… Both Kerala and local one… Now what is he up to. I felt my head spinning…

“Yes I missed my ID card… You got it na… Mind you, return it back…”

“Hey listen… My intentions are pure… Don’t misunderstand me. Myself Madhav… I will return back your ID card. When and where…?”

“Oh thanks… Kind of you… Please bring it to my office. It is near Hopes… On Monday.” I was relieved then.

“To your office… Mmmm… No!!!”

“Why…??? It is near to Gandhipuram please… Now my bus would come… I need to go…”

“How about meeting personally, having a coffee and taking your card…?”

“Listen I am not a girl what you think off… I don’t want that damn card… Keep it with you… And don’t call me back… Good bye!!!” I switched off my phone and threw it into my bag.

Hooo…what a man… How could he think like that? Calling me for a coffee. Taking advantage of my situation. I was tensed and my mind was swirling with the possibilities of pranks he could do with me…. And my two days leave just flew away. I didn’t tell anyone about the incident.

Monday…. I got my new card… Not the temporary paper card… But the original one…

Hanging it on my neck and walking with pride…. Hey who is this…? Again a call from an unknown number. This time I was not confused because my other number was switched off…

I took the phone and was dumbstruck by hearing the voice again….

“Hey beautiful… It’s Madhav here… I know you are a bit surprised now.  I changed my number. Ok so what about our meeting…”

“Oh halloo… Don’t call me again with this cheap motive of you. See I will complaint to the police. I don’t want that card ”  I cut the phone.

I lost all my temper and was ready to smack his head then and there… Tiredly I returned to hostel …

This was the most embarrassing moment in my life…

Thank you everybody….

“Ok guys… It was an interesting story…” Miss Sudha our soft skill trainer commented… It was the story telling session during our training.

“Hey Amal…did you receive his call after your threaten…” asked Raveesh, one of my friend and batchmate.

“No… Thank God… I changed my number and now no disturbing calls…” I said with excitement and everybody laughed with me….

Days passed by. Our training was over and we were waiting for allocation of projects….

Again a Friday….

We were waiting for the bus to home. The same airbus… The same travels… And moreover the same time…

My mobile flashed with a message…

“HEY BEAUTIFUL… IT’S MADHAV HERE…”

–**–

(—–To be continued…)

