Short Story Suspense – Asking Directions

When Li decided to cycle home from Jennys house, she wasn’t nervous. She was certainly not afraid of the dark. Besides it was only a 15 minute ride home . But halfway there, she began to wish that she hadn’t been so brave.

As she rounded a sharp bend, it suddenly grew cold- very cold. Thick white fog hung in layers accross the road. Li’s breath became puffs of white cloud and her bare legs were so cold that it became hard to pedal. With heart thumping, she struggled so hard to move forward that she didnt here the car which suddenly appeared beside her. She stopped by the side of the road. The big black limousine also stopped, its brake lights growing fuzzily. Li tried to look inside but the tinted windows made it impossible to see anything. Slowly the passenger window started to slide down. In the soft glow of the cars interior lights something moved. Then the light brightened and Li was staring at a sweet grey haired old lady. She was so relieved that she almost burst into giggles.

“Hello, dear” said the old lady. “I need help, I am afraid I am lost. I have to get to the airport. It’s very important.  I must be there in the next five minutes”.

“Airport? You certainly are lost ,” Li said, dismunting from her bicycle. She felt a tingling sensation as she neared the car. “You need to go back 5 kilometres until you reach the T-junction. Turn left and drive for about another 10 kilometres to the main highway. From there, just follow the signs to the airport. But I’m afraid there is no way you’ll get there in 5 minutes!”

“Thank you very much dear”, replied the bold lady.” You’ve been very kind. Dont worry – I’ll make it in time”.

The window was wound up and the car moved off. A little way ahead, it turned and with headlight flashing, it drove past Li. She smiled and waved- the old lady must have decided it was impossible.  But then, something strange happened. The car began changing. First, its colour faded from black to silvery grey. Then, the wheels began disappearing, but the car continued to move forward, floating just above the ground. As the car rose into the dark sky, the big red tail lights grew larger and larger and glowed more and more brightly. With a faint whistling sound the car was gone in seconds,  leaving Li shaking her head in disbelief………

__END__

