Suspense Short Story – There Was Nothing Out There In The Dark But Her

Short Story – There Was Nothing Out There In The Dark But Her

Photo credit: 

 from 

There is a girl at my school, Emily, she is always alone and she’s the only one at school who is. I started to talk to her, having conversations with her. She’s really nice and sort of happy once one starts to talk her, maybe a bit shy but with me being clumsy it sort of works out. She was suppose to be home alone one night and I was invited and came over. She is living in a big, dark house with a big garden with a few trees. Sometimes I say things that maybe I shouldn’t, most of the time I don’t, but sometimes I’m not that sharp.

I asked her: “How come you are alone at school? You are the only one.”

She answered: “Ehm, you will see tonight I suppose. I’m not really that much alone.”

I wasn’t even suppose to ask, so I had even less reason to ask any follow up question. We where in the living room, watching TV in a couch. Then suddenly someone knocked on the window, it was all dark so that was sort of creepy.

Then she said: “Told you!”

I said: “Told me what?”

The situation got even more creepy after she had said that.

She said: “I told you I wasn’t really alone.”

I replied: “Okay, so who’s that?”

She answered: “You’ll see.”

We got up and headed to the window which is next to a door to a back yard. Then we could clearly see a girl our age standing right outside.

Emily said: “She’s like my friend.”

I opened the door but the girl wasn’t there, I saw her on the grass in the garden.

Emily said: “Look at how she can move.”

I had no idea what she meant at first, then we saw her just move from one place to another to her left. And then she started walking against us.

Emily said. “We better get inside and lock the door.”

I got scared and we got inside and locked the door. She was right there, knocking on the door. She then moved to the window she knocked at the first time.

Emily said: “There is no reason to fear her. She only comes out at night and never gets inside.”

I could hear her walking around on the boards outside, seeing her when she passed the windows. She wasn’t pleased with being left outside, she wanted to get it.

I asked: “How could she move like that? What is she?”

Emily answered: “I don’t know, you get use to not knowing. I knew from the start that I wasn’t the only one who can see her and that she is that way.”

I realized that I was in chock or something like that, she wasn’t walking around anymore, she wasn’t moving at all. She was right at the window, I couldn’t tell what she was watching.

Emily started to get affected, she said: “She doesn’t usally do that. Standing there.”

I asked: “What do you think she wants?”

She answered: “To scare off those who’s with me.”

I asked: “Why?”

She said: “To protect them. Protect them from me. She’s their friend.”

I said: “Are you dangerous?”

Emily said: “No, I don’t think so but that is what I think that she thinks.”

I could then see that Emily was afraid, her gaze wasn’t calling the one outside but she wanted to get inside.

__END__

