A night which I’ll never forget in my life..

A night that I don’t want to experience ever again..

A night that took me to the reason of my existence in this universe..

I opened my eyes lying down in an empty street with full of blood sheds in my white shirt. I tried to get up but couldn’t do so as my whole body was in immense pain. I found I had a slit in my right leg and the bleeding was heavy. I looked above it was a full moon day. That was the only piece of light in that darkness. I tried to find someone for help by shouting out loud. My voice echoed all over the nook and corner of the street. No one yet no single one came or was even there. I found a strange knife that was lying in a few meter distance. It had an eagle symbol  at the bottom part.I told myself that I should get up and leave this fu**ing place. I closed my eyes. Tried to muster up some strength and with so much effort I barely stood on the ground.

Suddenly there was lightning and thunder in the sky. A huge roar emerged from the rear end of the street. I turned back to look where it came and what exactly was coming. A man stood there. Finally someone heard my screaming after all. Thank god!! He was six feet tall and had a well-built body and a huge dark beard. I tried to get to him but didn’t had the strength to walk towards him. “Sir please help me”, I pleaded.

He didn’t even respond. He stood there like a statue. He was holding something in his left hand. I found that he had a knife and it was exactly the same knife that lied near me. 

. I immediately looked down. That knife was nowhere to be found. He flipped his knife from left hand to right hand and vice-versa.  ” man who the hell is he? Is he the one who made a slit in my leg? Will he help me get out from this place? Should I trust him? no-no how can you trust him Dumbo? just look at him. He is holding a knife.” Millions of thoughts battled inside my head.

Though many questions circled my head, I still couldn’t get a clear view of his face as it was too dark. Within minutes another lightning stroked hard where I got a clear picture of his face at last. On seeing that my whole body shivered . It was the same face which I’ve been looking at all these years in the mirror. It was ‘ME’. I couldn’t even react as I didn’t know what was I going through now. He called my name. (what the fu**? he knows my name?).I looked at him. He smiled saying “You’re lucky. Look behind”. (God! what is next ?). I turned back to find out to what was he actually pointing at. The raining was heavy. I just saw nine people were standing. They all wore the same kind of black apron with their faces covered. More and more amount of fear and horror ceased within me. They all raised their faces and looking at me said some words in a strange language.

‘What the hell was that?’ , I responded. They took a book from their respective aprons raising it high they said the same words again repeatedly. After some time believe me or not those books changed into a big sword with the same EAGLE symbol in the handles of each sword exactly like the one which I founded in the ground but was green in color whereas my look-alike had red in color.

“Told you that you were lucky. Ain’t I ? But these ba

ards won’t even get up and will never save you from me” said my look-alike.

As I was already bleeding , I couldn’t stand any more and there was so much pain. I fell down immediately on the ground. He just kicked me in my wounded leg. “aaaahhhh”, I screamed. “what the hell do you want from me? why are you hurting me ? I don’t even know you. Please leave me. I’m just a normal person.” He smiled on hearing my words and again kicked me in the same spot. I literally was crying out in pain. Then he came near me and said “crying like a baby? haha. And what you asked who am I right? ” .

I didn’t even respond to him. He kept his sword near my throat and said “Ask the same fu**ing thing to our father in Heaven my little brother”.

what our father? what are you taking about ?”, I responded in mere shock.

Saying that without any delay he sliced my throat. I was becoming unconscious. He then went near all the nine men and killed them within a single move and collected all the nine books that was lying around in the ground. He said some crazy words of a language which I’ve never heard of. All the books floated in the air and combined forming a crown which he wore in his head.

He stood near me and said “Brother oh my puny little brother, my good-for-nothing brother , my crying like baby brother. Guess what? I’m the CELESTRAL now.”

I was few minutes away from my death and my vision had gone blur. He smiled looking at me saying “Do you want to witness my power?” to which I was not even in a state to respond. “Hmm I’ll take that as a yes from you and it’s time for me to give you my birthday present bro!”. Saying that he showed his hand towards me from which rings of fire came as if a dragon breathed fire. I know this is it. My very own end. The last day of my life in this planet. On seeing that I closed my eyes. And then…….

–

(To be continued)

