Suspense Short Story – The Doll

Photo credit: 

 from 

Michael and Henry were out walking in the woods while their mother was inside making dinner. Henry always likes to go out and explore in the woods behind The house. Michael never usually goes along with Henry but today he decided to join him. They were never afraid to go deep into the woods but today something just seemed out of place for Michael.

As they get further into the woods, Henry becomes paranoid that he hears footsteps coming from in front of them. As  they progress further, the sounds stop and Henry begins to talk about his sister Melissa who had passed away a few years back due to a rare illness at the age of  14 years. Henry says that Melissa was the meanest sister he had ever had and that he feels bad that Michael always got bullied by her.

Then at that moment Henry started to hear the footsteps again. He knows it’s not michael because he is sitting down on a stump tying his shoes. They continue to walk a bit further when they come across a doll laying beside a tree. Henry knows he has seen that doll before but he can’t exactly remember where. Michael swears that the dolls eyes follow him every time he moves.  Thinking nothing of it, the two boys turn around to go back home to eat their dinner before Michael goes home.

They are almost back to the house when they hear a scream from up ahead. They get frightened and run toward the house. Then they stop and see that the doll is sitting next to them. Henry asks Michael if he had picked up the doll when they first saw it. He says no. Then they are really scared and think that something is alive in the doll making it move on its own.

When they get back to the house, they finish up their dinner. Then they go upstairs and start looking at an old photo album. That’s when Michael spots a picture that makes him uncomfortable. Henry looks at the  picture of his sister  Melissa before she died. that’s when Henry remembers  something that scares him half to death….. The doll was buried with his sister Melissa three years ago when she died!

__END__

