He smacked his lips together because of thirst. He struggled across the last part of the beach as quickly as he could. As cold breeze hit his bare chest and he got a noseful of blood oozing out of his thigh.

This was a case of mistaken identity. What did he do wrong?Whatever the matter was he knew that he would get killed if he stopped.

James was living a peaceful life two days ago in California. A black man among all the white people in this club.He found himself eavesdropping into the conversation of two men sitting beside him, It would have been impossible to hear what they were saying, if it wasn’t for the low melodious song playing at the moment. Two words caught his ear; ‘Meth’ and ‘a hundred thousand dollars’. He quickly averted his eyes to the dance floor as the man with the beard caught him looking at them. Casually,he ordered a drink and gulped it down. His nerves calmed down and he enjoyed the beat.

“Everybody DOWN NOW!” shouted a man dressed in a police uniform with a gun in his hands. The music stopped. The red light in the club illuminated the officer’s stern face. As the two officers backed him up,they moved around scrutinizing the faces of each and every individual present here.

James couldn’t help noticing the two men besides him locking the briefcase with one end of the handcuff. Staying on his knees, confused, he looked at them properly now. The officers looked in their direction, walked past them and carried on.A bead of sweat trickled down his forehead. Out of the blue,  the bearded man handcuffed the briefcase to James’s wrist. Nonplussed, James didn’t move an inch and looked at them questiongly. They were hot on their heels when the officers left the club.

As soon as the five of them left the club, James looked around as if someone would help him then and there.

He contained his thoughts and followed the officers in his car. The officers hinted some suspicious activity and put down the brakes. James knew that this was a bad idea and made a run for his home. Afraid, he couldn’t seem to remember whether the officer had seen the briefcase handcuffed to his hands or not.

James was at a grocery store at 10 pm with the briefcase  in his car which contained crystal meth and a hundred thousand dollars. He didn’t know how to get rid of it as he was afraid that someone might use his finger prints to track him down.

Putting his groceries in the car,he saw the two men across the street staring at him, who had handcuffed the briefcase to his wrist. James took a deep breath and drove his car across the beach’s deserted road.

BANG

Gunshot. He parked his car behind the shops on the beach,where it was impossible to find. Carefully he sneaked out of his car onto the beach. So far he did not catch sight of those two men. Jaded when a bullet pierced into his thigh. He muffled his cry of distress by placing a hand over his mouth. Under the moonlight he took off his shirt and firmly tied it around his thigh. Despite the excruciating pain,he struggled across the last part of the beach as quickly as he could.

He took shelter in a cavern between the boulders on the shore,waiting for his breath to be steadied.

He dialled 911 and called the police before further blood loss.

No one could find him here.

He passed out .

–END–

