Many eons ago I can recall a brave hero who went by all odds he had became what he wanted to be all along. Or was it in him already? A question before the story even begins.ame of Lazlow. A long time has passed, but his legend has not been forgotten. A small boy who they say was dressed in wooden armor and against

It all takes place in a little village named Duskfall. It was once a secluded little village that was hidden away from the rest of the world. Monsters used to roam these woods and it almost became impossible to travel through. Thanks to some brilliant planning the place had become a pit stop for various adventurers. Bold and noble heroes always would come here and tell their various tales as it’s all written into history.

Life at the time was happy and simple. In the village there was a young boy named Lazlow. Unlike other children who enjoy hearing the stories, Lazlow created his own. From climbing tree tops and as well as getting into trouble he always was a handful. He lived in a small house with his mother in the middle of his village. His father was an adventurer of sorts who had his own tales to fulfill. Lazlow always did enjoy his visits and his familiar smile. Sadly that’s all he can remember about his father before he vanished. He got letters now and then from him and he always sent money to his family. Lazlow would sit in his bed every night thinking about his father and what a man he had become.

His mother would usually come in to his bedroom and read him a story of his father’s great perils and victories. Lalzow mostly looks like his mother. They have the same brown hair and brown eyes. The same smile she has and the same look they always give everyone. Time has passed and Lazlow is now almost an adult. Making his armor fashioned of the way of the Saumrai, that he sees often that travel through these parts from distant lands. He fashioned it out of wood and leather straps all being handmade down to his wooden sword. Despite all the money his father sends it’s used for food and other necessities. Nothing that would get his son real gear.

Standing extremely tall and also skinny as he poses in the mirror. Examining himself as he straps on his armor tightly and makes sure his sword is on his back. “Sword.. Check! Armor.. Check!” He says to himself with a smile and puffing out his chest. “I think I’m all ready to go aren’t I father?” Reassuring himself and brushes his nose and then begins to march like a tinman down the steps and almost out the door before his mother stops him dead in his tracks.

“Where do you think you’re going young man?”

“Young man? Clearly you have mistaken me mother, as I am a full grown adventurer just like my father!”

“Then you would have to eat first before you go out wouldn’t you?” She says cocking an eyebrow at him as he gives out a nervous smile. He nods quickly and then runs out into the kitchen “Y-Yes mom! Thank you mom!” she can only offer up a warm smile as her eyes dart back to him. Without almost a moment passing he quickly runs out as his mother is about to object only to look back and see an empty plate.

“Wait hold up!” she says as Lazlow rushes out the door, she then slides in the door and looks out. Watching her seventeen year old boy run out into the small and very populated streets of the village. She smiles and shakes her head and goes back inside. The air is filled with the sweet aroma of sweet rolls and the streets are filled with chatter of adventurers.

Lazlow quickly running through them and then getting near the middle of town to see men dressed in assortments of armor and laughing along. Not very trained adventurers though he can tell from their apparel. Expecting someone with wings and flames or something cool on them. Looking around left and right and pondering on where to go and what to do next. Everyday is a new adventure for him despite it being a small village. Normally he goes around town checking for any type of monsters or inhabitants. Nothing ever really shows up and the villagers even laugh at him for doing so. The people here have became so lazy when it comes to protection of the place. Lazlow with all his might will protect his village. Even if the threats to it are all imaginary and are mere animals that he shoves along…

A few hours passed as he sits on the stone walls of his village, surveying the area. Making odd noises to simulate some type of scope. Out of the corner of his eye he see’s this large scaled beast slowly moving towards his village. The creature stands tall as a tree and thumps when it walks. He quickly stands up and then begins to climb onto a treetop and tries to get a closer look. He has never seen a true monster before. He has only seen them in story books. He doesn’t want to jump to an assumption so quickly as it could be an adventurer. Getting a closer look at his armor it is made out of pure bone and he seems to be dragging two large meat hooks behind him. He has an odd crooked smile and can’t see with his eyes what so ever. Meanwhile, smaller lizard like creatures are following behind him jumping around.

Slowly the large lizard opens the gate to the village and comes inside. There is nothing but silence which is broken by screams as Lazlow’s eyes go wide with terror. Jumping down off the tree and rolling forward, rushing to the gate he draws his wooden katana as his armor clanks. He had never been in a real fight before as he stops to see the little lizards causing chaos and destruction. No bodily harm it would seem as all the adventurers freeze and draw their weapons in a defensive stance. The monsters behind the large one form in a straight line. Their leader clears his throat. “People of this little town. I am Aroe, the leader of the daemon tribe and I’ve come to tell the citizens of this village to move out and you are on my property.” There’s a loud surge of voices in the village as they all talk to each other.

“SILENCE!” He shouts as everyone goes quiet. “It would be in your best interest to leave my conquered lands imedietly.”

“Now hold on a minute!” Says the mayor of the town. His brown suit and his white hair would seem to be blowing in the wind.

“Listen Mr. Aroe this village has been here for generations and I–” Aroe silences him instantly with a wack of his tail and sends him flying to the right and into some stands. The town folk scream in terror and move out of the way. “Anyone else want to step up to my might?” The adventurers back down

“Good. You have one day to leave this land or prepare to be slaughtered. I am a very impatient lord and it’s best you don’t have me waiting.” Lazlow draws his blade and runs up to him.

“Hey! If you’re going to conquer this village you’ll have to get through me first!” The creature snarls and turns around to face him and then begins to smile.

“Don’t you think you’re a little young to be facing up a conquistador as myself?” “I.. No! You’re a monster and I’m a brave and dashing hero! You’ll stand no chance against me!” he says with almost a quiver in his voice. “How cute. Then come to my lair and fight me if you wish. Of course you’ll have to get to it first..” He grabs Lazlow and holds him up high and points at a large mountain that’s sticking up through the trees. “You see that right there? That’s where you’ll find me.” He drops Lazlow on the ground, as it’s quite the fall, and lands flat on his face. “That goes for all you adventurers out there too.. But I know you wouldn’t risk your lives now would you? None of you have a spine.. At least the boy is willing to die.”

The creature smirks and then begins to walk away, taking his grunts with him.

 The town is in deep concern as Lazlow slowly picks himself up off the ground. He groans and looks up as all of the village is staring at him and then turn away. A few villagers come up to him “Come on boy, pack up your stuff, we have to get going.” “No way!” He says and shouts and stabs his blade into the ground. “I said I would protect this village with everything I can and that’s what I am going to do! Like it or not! I am going to that monsters lair and slay the beast and will save this village!”

Sounds of laughter can be heard as he growls, shakes his head and stomps. “Fine! Laugh at me all you like, but we’ll see who’s laughing when this beast is slain! You’ll see!” He says, and then begins to run off as the villager’s stop laughing. They are in deep concerned now. A knight steps forward from the crowd and sighs. He has huge heavy armor on and a big black bushy beard that’s similar to a lions. “Don’t worry I’ll go and talk sense into the boy. Everyone start packing up right away, I’ll make sure he doesn’t come into any harm.”

Lazlow begins to run through the forest and is trying to get to the destination he seeks. Breathing heavily and dashing with all his strength to come to a quick halt. He groans and looks up at the forested sky as sunlight trickles through and begins to mumble to himself. “I’ll show them! I’ll show all of them that I’m strong! I will not be looked down upon anymore!” He says shouting to himself as the knight slowly moves his way into the bushes. “Boy what are you screaming at?” the knight says with a scruffy voice as Lazlow jumps almost out of his armor and starts swinging his sword “AAH! Who’s there? Show yourself!” “Right behind you…” “Oh…” Lazlow says as he spins around and sheaths his sword. “W-What are you doing here?” “I’ve come to take you back to the village.” “Not until I slay this monster once and for all!” “Do you hear yourself talking kid? You could get yourself killed.” “An adventurer shows no fear!” He says pointing to the sky and marching in place and humming to himself. The knight can only smear his face down in confusion, at Lazlow’s childish antics.

“Look, kid, I was in your shoes once. I think there’s a fine line between stupidity and bravery and I don’t think you’re choosing the right option here. There are moments when you have to flee from a battle son.” “Yeah I know that! My dad told me all about it!” “Your dad?…” “Yeah! Haven’t you heard about him! He’s like the most famous adventurer ever!” He says crossing his arms and looking away as the knight shakes his head. The knight really doesn’t have patience for arguing and if the boy wants to get himself killed it’s fine by him. He warned him, he says in his mind and comes over to him. “I really don’t care who your father is, but if you want to get yourself killed it’s fine by me. I’m going back to the village. Got it?” “Got it! I don’t need any help! I’ll be fine all by myself!” he says smiling and then uncrosses his arms. “You can go and tell the village how you left a small boy in the woods and let him get killed because he was alone.” Lazlow smiles, crosses his arms and looks away. The knight is very displeased as he makes a grunting sound. That would harm his reputation as a knight in every single way.

“Fine, I’m coming with you.” The knight says and looks away as Lazlow tightens up and smiles “Really!?” “Yes… Really…” “Oh boy, oh boy! You’ll be my loyal sidekick and I-” “Yeah, no we’re not doing that. You’re coming with me and becoming my sidekick. Do you have any experience in combat what so ever when it comes to fighting monsters?” “Of course I do!” Lazlow says laughing and brushing off his comment. “I fought sooooo many monsters! I can even name them!” “Go on…” “I uh… well you see they’re all in my head and I do them for training and-and-” “Oh you have got to be kidding me… How did you even make that gear on your back?” “Hm? How did you know I made it?” “Considering how the straps are wrong on the pieces of armor and none of it can even be found around here… Yes I’ll assume that you made it along with that toothpick.” “Toothpick!? Excuse me this is the legendary katana that I made with my hands! It’s best you don’t insult it or I shall smite you.” The knight heaves another long sigh and wishes he can tell him that adventuring is no game. His father must’ve really filled his head with lies.

“Okay, well.. I have another legendary weapon!” “Oooh! Really!?” “Yes, yes.. It’s called uhm..” The knight says and looks through his weapon stash, grabbing out a katana made of steel and quickly thinks of a name. “Sacred Stones…” the knight says not so assured of himself as the boy drops his mouth wide open “Wow.. How strong is it?” “Let me tell you. This sword has slain a thousand beast, maybe more. It has traveled from trader to trader searching for a master. Now it bestows it’s powers onto you..” “Wooooow..” The boy says almost tearing up. He hands the blade to him as the boy grabs the handle tightly. “Take care of it, you got it?” “Y-Yes! I sure will!” he says swinging it around and getting a good feel for it. Taking a couple swings, almost hitting the knight as he backs up “Hey watch it!” The boy looks at him and smiles and giggles. “Are you impressed with my power?” “Yes..” The knight says trying to fill the boy with some type of courage or at least being able to communicate with him. He can tell that this is going to be a long journey.

Through the forest they went as the sun soon began to set. The knight taught the boy various tricks of battle. Such as staggering opponents, how to actually hold his weapon and not swing it like a crazed mad man. Telling him of various openings and tactics… It was quite a fun day as they approached their destination closer and closer. Only having a day they have to set up camp here shortly as they begin to cross Angel Bridge. Lazlow stopped and then began to hurry across it to the other side as the knight grabbed onto the ropes as it wobbles. “Could you at least wait a second for me boy!?” “Hahahah! Nope!” He says, smiles and then quickly sits down at the edge. The bridge is right over a beautiful waterfall as the moonlight trickles and bounces off of it. In the distance he can see the giant mountain that almost feels ominous.

The knight shakes and wobbles attempting to cross the bridge. One of the lizards henchman are laying low in the bushes with a dagger held tightly to it. The knight is almost across the bridge when the foul creature jumps out of the bushes and lunges toward the bridge. The knight’s eyes go up as the bridge shakes violently, it is about to collapse under his massive weight. Lazlow see’s this out of the corner of his eye and yells out a battle cry. “I’ll use my special move! Demon fang!” the lizard looks extremely confused. It smiles and then begins to rush at him. They both charge at each other like two knights ready to joust. The knight freaks out and tries to get across the bridge as fast as he can! Watching his every step! Suddenly, a few more henchmen appear out from the bushes, the knight has to stand still, he can only watch in terror. One lizard slowly comes over to the bridge with a smile and begins to saw off the rope, doing it’s best to stay out of sight.

The lizard in the front quickly charges at Lazlow, but misses as he jumps to the side. Lazlow punches him, sending the lizard flying into the abyss off the cliff with a loud splash into the water below.

The boy swings his sword around and does a battle stance, then see’s the lizard cutting the bridge. The knight is holding on for dear life! Lazlow makes a loud grunting sound, shouts and runs over to him. The other three beast are hot on his trail. He makes a slash at the creature and sends it flying backwards into the dust. Lazlow spins around to face the other three. One lunges forward as Lazlow thrusts quickly with his sword and impales it. Throwing creature off his sword while the other two begin backing up. “How about you guys just leave! I won this fight!” The boy says with a smile. One screams and then runs calling for reinforcements and the other goes into the woods. “That seems.. bad.. I don’t think I made the right decision.” He says looking at the knight. The bridge seemed to of snapped when he wasn’t looking! Lazlow quickly runs to the edge of the bridge to see the knight holding onto it and blowing in the wind.

“Oh!! don’t worry knight! I’ll save you!” He says as he begins to attempt to pull up the bridge so he can get him up. Dragging him to safety with a heave. What seems like minutes, he manages to drag the knight up; breathing heavily as the knight collapses on the ground. “Oh dear! You okay!?” Lazlow says, dashing over to his body. “Yes.. I’m fine.” The knight says on the ground and looks up at him. His vision is blurred but, manages to stand up. “My lord boy, I believe you had just saved my life haven’t you?” “Well! I wouldn’t say that.. I think there’s a slim chance you could’ve survived that ponderous fall down below.” He says and begins to grin. The knight smiles and then shakes his head. Soon after they travel a little ways, then set up camp with the mountain extremely close by. The knight looks up at the boy. There Lazlow sits at the campfire a bit lost in thought and with a disgruntled look. “You okay boy?” “Yes- I’m fine.” he says and watches the campfire flicker.

“Son, I didn’t really grab your name. What is it?” “My name?.. It’s uhm. The Wooden Samurai sir.” “No, your real name.” “Oh.. Lazlow.. Yours?” “My name is Ephraim and not sir knight as you keep calling me.” “Not my fault you kept your name from me.” The boy says with a smile. The knight just shrugs and chuckles looking down. The boy then begins to look up at the sky and then tilts his head with quite curiosity. “How do you think tomorrow will play out?” “As a whole? Not sure yet, but all we can do is do our best and if things get ugly we have to retreat.” “What about the village?” “Don’t worry I’m assured they’ll begin evacuating by morning and waiting for our return. So nothing to worry about really…” The knight says slowly looking away. He wonders if those lizard creeps will hunt down the villagers like wolves hunting sheep.

Lazlow stretches out and then climbs up a tree and lays back in it. “What are you doing boy?” The knight says with a cocked eyebrow. “I prefer to stay in the trees, just in case we get attacked at night. Like my dad says, monsters don’t play fair.” The knight chuckles at that statement and nods in agreement. “They know nothing of chivalry or code now do they?” “Yep you’re right about that! That’s why I have to save my village.. I really thank you for coming along Ephraim.” he says as he looks off in the distance with him knowing too of what may happen. Ephraim nods without response and gets up and snuffs out the fire, retreating to his tent with Lazlow staring off into the night sky, soon falls asleep.

Lazlow quickly wakes up to hear his knight friend in trouble, yelling loudly. He jumps up into action and see’s those lizard freaks from last night are back and brought a good five to seven more with them! He doesn’t count and instead leaps into action and takes one down instantly with a swing of his blade. “Who’s next?” he says and see’s Ephraim all tied up as they begin to pounce! He swings his blade all around, making noises as the knight soon breaks free and jumps into action. Tearing away the rope and grabbing his sword as Lazlow gets over run in a blink of an eye. Getting attacked from all sides as one bites into his arm and tears a fleshy chunk out of it! They’re eating him alive!

Ephraim, in shock, quickly roars loudly as it makes them stop and look over at him. A few scurry off Lazlow as the knight grabs out his mace and bashes them into oblivion! One by one they fall. One stays latched onto Lazlow and is trying to go for his neck! Lazlow in tears as he is trying to get the freak off of him. Ephraim bashes it with his shield as it tries to scurry away, he throws a blade right into it! “You okay boy!?” he says as Lazlow is breathing heavily in pain. The knight shakes his head and see’s his wound on his left arm. Without hesitation he gets out his medical kit. He keeps with him and tries to patch Lazlow up as he shouts in pain! “Quit your belly aching! I’ve had way worse wounds then this! Suck it up!” the knight shouts why as Lazlow is trying to dry his tears. A few painkillers later and some potions the knight begins to wrap up his arm. “You okay?” Ephraim says as Lazlow nods very quickly.

“Come on.. We gotta go fight that monster.” Lazlow says picking himself up with his left arm that is casted in bandages.

“What are you talking about!? You’re in no condition to go and fight that thing! Go back to the village and leave it to me!” The knight says scolding him! Lazlow shakes his head “There isn’t anyway I’m going back! Beside those lizards would hunt me down and eat me. Face it, we have to push on.” the knight growls and slowly stands up “How stupid can you be!? If you’re not going to go back then I sure will!” “Fine!” Lazlow says and growls as the two begin to separate paths. Lazlow shakes his head and Ephraim couldn’t care less at this point. If the boy wants to fight an impossible battle and get himself killed then let him. He continues to walk and then stop with Lazlow walking away. The knight sighs and then dissapears into the brush as the boy pushes on.

Lazlow gets through the brush and there he sees the tower sticking straight up out of the ground and towering over everything. Looking demonic and demented in some way as he see’s those little lizard freaks surveying the area. With great haste and a wounded arm he begins to out maneuver them. Ducking when he can and hiding the best he can. He then see’s the entrance of the cavern and slips on inside. At the entrance he hears a bunch of the lizardmen follow behind him and jumps down. Getting behind a rock he watches a good twenty of them carry his knight friend. Lazlow smears his face down and grumbles. Once again that knight gets captured. In hot pursuit Lazlow follows right behind them and there, on a throne, sits that giant monster himself. The lizards slip outside as the knight is tied and broken right in front of the lord of them with his face hidden. Lazlow watches in the distance behind a stone in this large lit up cavern of skull and bone. There he see’s the monster Aero rise and come over to the knight “Well well well, what do we have here? A brave knight I see? Or a man who is absolutely broken in front of me.” The beast says with a demonic tone in his voice and smiles with his razor sharp teeth.

“Lazlow.. The wooden samurai.. what have you done with him?” “Lazlow, You mean? That foolish child in the wooden armor playing hero? Haven’t seen him. The coward must’ve left and couldn’t go on without his precious knight by his side.” “Thank god… I only came back to see if he was alright…” “Yes, Yes, a knight who abandoned a young boy is all what you’ll be remembered for. Don’t worry we’ll let the boy live to know you were nothing but a coward.” “My name, even if it is sullyed, I don’t think it matters anymore… All I wish to see is the boy safe.” “Hmm.. You drive a hard bargain.” The lizard looks up “MEN! go and hunt Lazlow down, do with him what you like. Really gorge yourselves this time.” The knight curses at him loudly as the monster smirks at him. “Did you really think you could honestly beat me? Sheesh you adventurers really don’t know when to run and retreat do you? At least the boy took your word for it and ran off.” “How do you know?” “I’ve had scouts this whole time following you. I’m impressed the boy even learned anything from your teachings as he seems fine on his own. Or well, not now of course, but that’s perfectly okay. Face it I have won. Now what to do with you… Oh I know! How about I have a feast on your flesh and bones.”

“I won’t allow it!” Lazlow yells, runs in and draws his sword with one hand. He stands boldly in the middle of the cave. “How cute. You arrived to save your friend. Guess you’re not a coward like this knight is. Now I get two meals. Thankfully, I always do like playing with my prey like a cat before killing it.. But first.” He says, slowly coming forward and grabbing Ephraim with one hand. Lazlow’s eyes widen as the monster bites down on Ephraim’s arm and tears it clean off, devouring it! Ephraim screams in pain! Lazlow can’t take it anymore and slashes at his legs as his sword just makes a dink sound. Boucning off of him like a sword hitting a hard rock. Aroe looks down at him and grabs the knights body hard. There’s nothing but a loud crunching sound! Aroe throws him to the side; smacking him against the stone cold walls and falling down with a crippled body. Lazlow yells out his name and runs over to him. He collapses to his side. Ephraim looks up at him and brushes his cheek with a smile. He then closes his eyes and fades away…

Lazlow with tears in his eyes begins to shake. “No! Ephraim? Buddy? Please wake up! Please wake up!” He shakes him violently, but he’s already gone with tears beginning to form and stream down his cheek. The beast laughs one of the most heart crunching laughs as Lazlow stands up in pure shock and terror. Hatred and anger begin to fuel through him. He runs up to the monster screaming and yelling. Using both hands despite his wounds and slashes Aroe across the chest as it actually does damage this time. Green goo splattering across the cave floor as the beast backs up and holds the large slashed wound. Lazlow is breathing heavily and in anger with his sword glowing blue. He can feel Ephraim’s spirit within his blade and stands in a battle stance with him stuttering “I-I won’t let you kill anyone ever again. Your r-reign of terror ends right here! Right now!” He says quivering his lip and a voice crack. The monster slowly stands up and grabs his two large meat hooks off his back and then grins with a chuckle. “I’m afriad this battle is already over. No matter how strong your sword is you cannot overpower a literal god.” “Do you seriously think that high of yourself!?” “After the men I have slaughtered… Yes.. No one can kill me, not even some boy and his glowing sword. Your life ends here!”

Lazlow jumps forward and over him; slashing him across his back as words echo in his head about running away. For the first time he doesn’t run up head strong, he stares into the beasts glowing blood red eyes. The creature is physically mad and is destroying himself. His own emotional termoil in his head. He see’s himself as a god. “You cannot kill me! I am invincible!” Aero says screaming and bringing his scythes down! Missing Lazlow as he deals another blow and this one right to the head. The foul beast screams in agony. “You.. can’t kill me.. You can’t kill me!” He starts screaming as it makes one last lunge! Lazlow steadies himself and cuts him one last time. The monsters eyes finally open, this is the finishing blow and is his end. Collapsing to the ground, falling right to the floor. Lazlow sheathes his blade as the other monsters see this; blow a horn and then run outside scattering in all directions. The horn can be heard all the way back to the village. Everyone there soon realizes that they had won.

Back at the village Lazlow carries Ephraims corpse on his back and is slowly marching to the village. One of the villagers spot him, shouts and points and gathers around. They all soon begin to mourn the body of the knight as they noticed that Lazlow has changed… He and he alone buried the body of his friend in the graveyard. Everyone gathered around Lazlow who said his final goodbyes and told the story of their amazing tale. Leaving his wooden sword next to his grave he began to wander off. They say he kissed his mother goodbye before he left and went away on his own adventures. Ever since then the boy was only heard in legends and fairy tales. Some say he became one of the most legendary adventurers to date. Others say he became a lone wanderer torn from what had happened. The only record of his tales are what the villagers had told. There is a statue of him erected in our beautiful town. Many books tell a different story, but I know this is the true tale thick and through with all my research. Just to think that this is the beginning of his tale. I can only wonder now where he had gone and what other trials he had faced. He got what he always wanted in the end. The tales of the Wooden Samurai shall now be told for many years to come.

–END–

