Short Story Thriller – THE TUBE

Photo credit: 

 from 

I opened my eyes. I saw nothing…Am I blind?? No there must be no light I assured myself. ”Use your other senses”…My unconsciousness commanded me and automatically I lifted my hands. But found its motion has blocked on half of the way…Impulsively I moved my hand backward and again its motion was blocked. I felt a jolt inside my body…It was adrenalin. My heart beat raised and sweating started. I breathed heavily. Using both of my hands I groped everywhere and found myself stuck in a tube!!!!

I wanted to escape desperately. Fear started making me sick. The way out is up or down. Standing on a firm surface I knew that it is the bottom and the way out is only up. I pushed whatever that was above me and I felt movement above…I pushed again hard …Wait…No it’s moving down. I realized that whatever that above me is coming down and it’s coming fast. I will be crushed inside tube. Fear is now suffocating me like a python do to it’s pray. I pushed again…but thinking about my horrible end. I had lost all my minds commanding power. My shivering limbs could barely touch the roof. It was a celebration of bad things inside me all those I hated I was feared of came like an army and attacked my inside. I felt I would die from forces inside me before I die from outside force……

I barely found a way to sit. Now I can spare more time on my destiny. There wasn’t enough space. I managed to sit by making the feet rest on side of tube so that have more room to sit on bottom. Leaning my back against the tube I sat like a baby inside the womb waiting for birth. But in my case its death…I felt the top of my head is being pushed by the roof. I knew the crushing phase has begun. But now I feel the fear is now long gone. I had accepted my destiny…I felt the blankness inside my head. I’m being crushed to death. Wait let me give one more try…I fully focused on trying to push the roof no other thoughts came to disturb me because I felt they doesn’t matter any way. And also I had no feelings. With this single intention in mind I pushed the roof. It stopped!!! It’s stopped coming down. Another jolt passed inside me. This time it was of joy. With struggle I pushed again but no movement on upward. The joy slowly wearied out…No!!! I can do this I told my mind. I had faith in myself. Once more I pushed no movement again and again I told myself I can do this and I pushed. I felt the movement…its moving up word and it now seem effortless to push. And finally I found myself free..

FAITH is the ultimate medicine for success

__END__

