Thriller Short Story – Close call

Photo Credit: 

When I was in school I used to love seeds. Dormant seeds. I always found it fascinating to realize how they would lie in wait for the perfect environment. I liked the idea of dormancy. A period of momentary apparent silence. It was more or less like ambush.

A Sharp, throbbing pain brought me back to the present. My heavy gear set my back aching. The huge rifle I held, an SCG 008 ,was taking its toll on my sturdy shoulders. It had been 14 hours and I was now starting to feel the heat. The world was at war. And only a parapet separated me from it. I had one chance and it might just save the day, one last stand to protect those I loved. I was lying in wait; waiting for the perfect interval to strike; to strike on target and to not miss; for if I missed the multitude of enemy bullets would puncture my flesh and leave me ripped and bleeding.

I had one job and it was an important job.

 I was a sniper.

It was 3 days ago when my commander approached me with this gruesome task. Beyond doubt I was the best sniper in the team. We were on our daily patrol rounds around the city on a constant lookout for spies, bombs and any hint of an upcoming enemy attack. I was summoned to the headquarters and on reaching there was invited to the directors room. This was restricted area; this was where decisions were made. I had never been there.

Post frisking I had only my clothes and my inhaler left on me. They even removed my handkerchief and first aid kit.

The agenda of the meeting was not too complicated, it was to the point.

“Sit down jack “the director said; gruffly tone unpleasant.

My commander was right beside him smiling. In his 40s he was man with a steel heart, a true leader, a streak of inspiration.

“ How are you lad?” he asked me. I turned my head towards him and nodded with a smile. He returned it.

The director got up from his seat and took a file from the adjacent file cabinet. He flung it at me. It hit the desk and landed right next to me. I picked it and opened the file and started reading.

“ A surprise attack. An ambush. He would be least expecting it. he would in fact be sure of his safety. But no! we strike and we get it done with. “ the director kept pacing up and down the hall as he spoke.

“General Rudolf weaning. He is our man. He comes from a family of war heroes. An American at heart. A criminal. This war,this destruction if equated will trace back to him and him only. We take him down things will become more clear and our government can push for further peace talks.”

Occluded. Confounded. I spoke “ sir, what is our mode of attack. “

My commander looked down. The director stood fixed to his spot.

“ You “ he said.

No clarity. Still occluded.

“ Me?”

“ Yes. You “ An irritating pause followed and then he said “ sniper”

Sniper! Ah! That made sense. Crap! But why.

“The files will contain enough info on what you exactly have to do. You will have no doubts I suppose. You will leave 2 days from now. You will be transported across the border as a prisoner. Our men at the prison will smuggle you out of the facility. You will receive your weapons in Warsaw”

Too many words. Too many decisions to make. Too many questions. And yet the basic idea as to pull me out of this mission and send me to the war zone still seemed obscure, the director was getting restless. He needed me to nod and walk away.

“will I be operating alone ? “ in dire search of company preferably feminine.

“Your ally will meet you at the site. You will ,I guess, journey alone. “

The atmosphere was suffocating. I sensed something wicked. A severe lack of freedom.

“Rendezvous 22.00 , 28.12.14. this conversation is a secret jack. Does not go beyond these four walls. Stay on guard. Good luck jack “

I cast a stunned look at my commander who seemed to choose not to look at me. Dejected, I walked out.

 My mind swirled me back to the present scenario. A dilapidated terrace. An ultimate war zone. Enemy snipers swarmed my hideout which in itself was hopeless. Behind a veil,under a parapet wall.

35 meters away from me to my north was the most important structure in the vicinity. The elite forces conference hall. My target was in there. My watch vibrated. It was 21.40. 15 minutes for action and if possible escape. I dared not to think of my girlfriend. To her I was out shopping for my brother’s sons first birthday. The Director’s words were still etched in my mind “this conversation is a secret ….”

Time was running. I peeked out from the under the veil and looked through my scope. There were 2 building flanking the main one. 3 snipers in total. The ground seemed clear enough but I doubted it. the Russians were never gonna let an American soldier escape on foot. Not after killing their own spy in their own land. General Rudolph was a Russian spy.

I stepped out from under the veil and moved out a few steps remaining crouched. I put my rifle down and looked thorough the scope. I reasoned. To my right was one enemy sniper his back facing mine. He had on him a SG 553 a long range rifle as powerful as an ak47 .Guarding his position must be another one around. I zoomed in and scanned the vicinity. Bingo! There he was . Same terrace with a similar weapon.

 To my left were the other two snipers. That made four in total. I moved further towards my left while checking my watch. 15 minutes left.

I had to decide. My first attack should take down that enemy who was in the most strategic location. I was bound to attract attention. I had to fire a second and risk giving my location away. This was risky business.

I reasoned. My pacing mind assured me that this was the best move. My sturdy hands fitted the silencer to my desert eagle ; a mere precaution if I had to engage in close combat. Game on.

My aim was set. It was a sniper to my left. He seemed most hidden and had the advantage that his terrace overlooked the main building, a direct threat if I had to take a shot at the general at point blank range. What was worse was that he held an AWP; a standard one shot kill weapon. I checked my gear again. Everything was in place.

The bulletproof army hovercraft swept its way to the arena , stopped in front of the main building . quite a rumble it created which masked the sound of the first shot. The sniper succumbed. It had to be quick. I turned my rifle and fired. Head shot! The second sniper dropped dead.

The first enemy bullet grazed past my shoulder. Spotted!

I threw my gun down, kicked it to one end and crawled swiftly to my left. Harsh decisions had to be made. I rose up and sprinted to the stairs, grabbed my rifle and jumped over the parapet wall, landing on my shoulders. Enemy bullets traced my path. Time was running out. I was well within range of one of the Snipers. I set my rifle in position and fired blindly into the nearest terrace. I swiftly moved to the right and took aim. No sign of him. I walked backwards and reached the bottom of the stairs. Crouching behind the burnt remains of a car I zoomed in. I smiled and fired. The third sniper succumbed.

It was the golden rule of combat. Study your location . my first target was the hovercraft. The enemy vehicle had a machine gunner on it. I took aim and fired. Head shot.

I sprinted across the road which turned leading me to the next building. My final enemy was on its terrace. i kept running and reached one end. I could see the staircase on the other side. Turning I came face to face with two soldiers. Adrenaline rush. I threw my sniper at one guy and fired my silencer at the next. He fell down , hand bleeding while the other grabbed my sleeve and wrapped his hand around my neck. My hand reached for my knife which I thrust into the man’s thighs. He yelled in pain and loosened his grip. With a quick turn i stuck it into this neck puncturing his carotids. Using my silencer I put the other guy to death.

A sudden flash of thought. A vibrating watch; 7 minutes left. I stripped the dying soldier and exchanged clothes with him. I picked up his pistol and his unused knife.

I slowly walked past the building and reached the enemy vehicle. I saw the machine gunner dead and rushed to the entrance. Outside was one soldier. I had to fake this one or the sniper behind me would take me down. Escape was becoming wary. The man outside turned to look at me and I sensed something weird. He winked at me and patted the rifle he hung over his shoulders. A sudden flush of ideas. A sudden realization.

My ally!

The doors to the building opened and three men walked out. General Rudolph was in the middle. The well kempt hair, majestic attire, wicked eyes and the bullet injury on his right cheek ; unmistakable. The three men were engaged in a rampant discussion and walked briskly past me barely noticing me. I looked at my ally and he nodded. I saw him grip his rifle and crouch. My bloodstained hand gripped the silencer and I fired. The general succumbed. I jumped across and knifed the other men enveloping the screams of agony which echoed through the street .At the corner of my eye I could see the final enemy sniper falling down. Free fall. My ally had killed him.

I lay on the floor breathing joy, content and peace. A flush of reality filled meHer beautiful face flashed in my head. The fight was over and I had won. I had to get back home. In the heat of situation I could feel relieved. I had killed a lot of people today.

Breaking my line of thought was the touch of a hot metal on my temple. A nozzle. I looked up and saw my ally sticking the gun at my head. His face tense and eyes with murderous intent.

Too many thoughts blocked my line of logic. Occluded , stunned and confounded I found my words.

 “ Who are you? “

He stared at me and smiled.

“ You had one mission and you were brilliant. Now I have one and I need to get it done with.” He paused while I was still digesting the twist in the tale. “Knowledge on general Rudolph is an asset and our government is not planning to let you off. “

Anger. Rage. Hatred and a desire to survive. I pulled my silencer when the trigger clicked. The pain was excruciating . I took a step and fired. He screamed

Another shot. This time into my chest. I dropped my weapon and fell down. My eyes were blacking out.

 I could sense an energy within. Like a life, beginning.It is said that the mind tries to put forth once best memories when in distress. This time it was her face and a smile swept past my face.

I succumbed like a seed which has been trampled upon. No longer dormant.

__END__

