Thriller Short Story – They’ll be just fine.

Photo credit: 

 from 

Before I start this story I’ll give you detail on why I’m writing it. One thing we all must know is that life is free and appreciative; I can’t stand the fact that people wake up every day complaining about simple things like not enough bread or use of hot water. Some things I might say are very inglorious and dominating, like fire and the sky, things we can’t create.

So why am I writing this you might ask, I’m writing this because on June 15

 2003 I was known as one of the most brilliant serial killers in history. I killed people who simply complained over small things; I’m pretty sure you’re going to ask “how would you know if they were complaining?” I’ll tell you how, every day I would get on a bus near harbor square that takes you to Summerville city, and the bus would be loaded with a bunch of no life’s and complaints of how their everyday lives went. I’ll pick one person that’s complaining the most and follow them until their stop just to find out where they live or work. Once I found out I head back to my place and prepare the tools of sensation witch is a Swiss knife and a p90 hand pistol just in case they got a little too far. I called these weapons tools of sensation for a reason, only because if you can complain about life so much here then I’ll give you sensation in a place you’ve never imagined.

What that being said so after I get my weapons ready I head back to that same place later on that night, kind of around eleven just so I’ll know their neighbors asleep. Once getting to the destination I break the locks with a lock master I ordered on amazon.com a few years back. If they so happen to have a security alarm system, I had an electric security breaking witch cancel all alarms in a 2 mile radius. So once I’m in I find my target and put them out of their misery. If they are awake during the time I just sneak and slice their throats and watch them cry for help. Sometimes I sat and wondered why they couldn’t cry for our loving GOD this way. Selfish people like this deserve cruel punishment and help.  After I finish I clean up the blood and also the areas that are in shambles so that the police wouldn’t have a clue where any of this started. No traces, no clues, just a body lying there dead.

You might think that I had a rough child hood and that my parents were too rough on me as a kid, but no that’s not even part of it. I just hate the fact that life is so good; people fail to realize its unimaginable opportunity’s, but no they’ll rather complain and then of course run into me. I find what I do is flawless and makes the world a better place. Now you want to know how I got caught, right? Well I was caught simply because I turned myself in, helping the world got boring and I needed sometime alone. I’ll be dead in the next two years because I’m on death row. So I’m writing this to send to the news public, hoping that maybe someday I’ll be a movie or a book. For my closing words all I have to say is – people don’t complain, because is it worth dying for? Good luck.

__END__

