Thriller Short Story – Almost

Thriller Short Story - Almost

“Come Melvin! hurry!!”

I was falling behind, tired, weary, his voice  faded out in the distance, I stood there awaiting ,tense, it was all to this moment, one slim chance of escape. It all went to silence, the thief of the night, it seemed safe for the while resting against a tree I sat there to forecasted failure. It all seemed peaceful, gentle, kind to the soul, my eyes were starting to go on me, until the ground started shaking again, the stars disappearing into seconds of day that night and the thunder,  heavy down pour, the grinning started again, he was close, I got up and off again.

Slipping over branches, I fell, it came to me again, the last chance,

“Are you going to run off, or are you going to face it?”.

The  grinning started again, getting up  I was off again, the pain in my ribs kicked in , only hot liquid  now, flavored  the sensation, I wasn’t sure if it was blood, or the sign to the loosing prey, altogether, it was not much to count on, the voice.

Walking, trotting, jumping, I  barely  held on to a branch  at the neck of the valley, I sat there listening once again, from the blanket of darkness around me it all appeared to be a mile short from hell or the tropical never land,where ever I was.

Crack!!-Crack!!, aloud thud, I  spun around to see if it was him, a figure came  tumbling right past me, I  quickly plunged forward  grabbing this tumbling figure, I realized it was Thomas .

“Thomas!, Thomas!!”

He laid motionless, gone too, pushing him off, my hand  grazed against a cold sharp object, Thomas’s knife. It was  his fine custom made  leather handle knife he would always brag about, you know guy talk back then. The grinning started again,  tumbling  to save a dead man, I found myself cornered at the foot of the valley. The grinning turned into a deep laughter, circling the valley, heart throbbing, body freezing, mind churning , the voice again,

“Are you going to run or are you going to face it?.”

“No, no, not me!!!, not this time!, this is my only chance out, face it, I will face it!! ”

Grabbing Thomas’s knife I stood waiting it, all went to silence again the rain stopped, I saw him, those  big red eyes in the shadows, he  stood watching me, grinning he said,

“Run”.

It was  all or nothing now, nowhere else to run, to hide, he came rushing down the valley sweeping down all trees with those wings charging right at me like a bull.

“No!!, not me!!, never!!”

Digging up a breath, sinking my flesh in the grip of the knife, I was going to time him, closer and closer, the ugly thing  drew , it leaped in the air and headed on towards me,

“Never!!!”.

“Melvin!, Melvin! ,what noise are you keeping, quiet down!!!, at this hour!, geess!!”

I opened my eyes, realizing what had unfolded, lesson learnt, tides of the shore wrestling with stones, winds to  sail, end through beginning, resistance  to  sustenance ….

__END__

