LARA is a 25 year old. She is engaged last month to ALEX, an Investment Banker.

 Modern, Progressive and Optimistic girl, shares room with ALEX after engagement.

 ALEX is out of town for an official tour, due to return by the month end.

 LARA takes keen interest on the every small detailing and busy making the list of items required for house decoration, make-up, wedding card printing. As ALEX is occupied in his Business trip, she has to manage all the arrangement, which she enjoy doing.

LARA make a call to LINDA AND SANOBER, her friends and asks them to accompany her for Wedding Shopping, In return they ask to have the Bachelorette party from LARA, which she agrees upon. Time and place is finalized over the call.

 LARA and ALEX are deeply in love with each other. They dream as one and their understanding is complete. Yet they remain fiercely independent.

 While driving to meet friends, LARA makes a call to ALEX and informs him about the party which she ready to give to her friends. In short conversation of few minutes, ALEX explains incidence with Client who agrees to invest in his Banking Proposal.

She meets SANOBAR and LINDA at ‘Platinum Mall’ Entrance. They decide to visit the Spa and Parlor before the lunch. After spending around 3 hours, they have the Lunch at Pizza Corner and then head towards Floor-04 of the Mall. Items in the Mall were much expensive to what they thought.

SANOBAR suggest checking out the nearby ‘Exhibition-Cum-Sale’ behind the Mall.

 LARA supports the idea and they all visit the ‘Exhibition-Cum-Sale’.

 Exhibition place turns out to be Shopper paradise and they all enjoy browsing handmade crafts, Artificial Jewelers, Antique items, few attractive Souvenirs, Cheap Cosmetic items. Attractive items at cheapest and best price fill them up with Joy. Just before leaving the Exhibition, LARA see an Antique Item Shop. She visit the shop alone as SANOBAR and LINDA having Ice-cream at other end.

 As she browses through the items on sale she is startled to see the Shopkeeper. Is She Mistaken? Is that a human face? She looks again and a cold finger runs down her spin. She suppresses an urge to run out of shop and decides to buy a long mirror which is covered in paper with the letter ‘F’ embossed on it.

 Ask about the Mirror, Shopkeeper refuse to sell and inform it to be a faulty piece and was return by a customer few days back, complaining Irregular Image quality. Although Shopkeeper hesitant to sell it, but finally she is able to crack the cheap deal and buys it.

 She needs it for bedroom to have a fuller look. After a long and tiring day, LARA and friends return back.

 In Evening at home, she puts up the Mirror in her bedroom. Weariness makes her doze off.

 Following day, she applies the cosmetic items bought from Exhibition, standing at Wash Basin Area in front of Short mirror.

 She makes a move to select the dress from the wardrobe in bedroom and stands in front of Long mirror installed yesterday evening.

 She notices the Mirror Image is showing a pimple on her Right cheek, but when she touches the area, it is no pimple. Without paying much attention, She made a call to Alex, narrating him about the Spa, Shopping and Cheap Exhibition sale experience with SANOBAR and LINDA.

On 4th day Morning, Lara, While Brushing at wash Basin area, notices a pimple appeared on the same spot, displayed by Long Mirror. Although she feel bit Indifferent, but continue with her task, apply the antiseptic cream and made coffee for her.

After couple of day while checking herself in a New Pink dress in front of Long Mirror, she notices a Bleeding cut on her neck. She steps close to view the image which displays blood bleeding out from a scratch mark on her neck. But when she touches the spot, it is a clear normal skin. LARA again pays no heed to it and continues with her work in laptop.

After some time SANOBAR calls LARA to invite in her Marriage Anniversary falling after 3 days. LARA promised to attend the function.

On 4th day, she gets ready to visit the function and wore a beautiful necklace, gifted by ALEX on their Engagement.

 LARA drives to SANOBAR house. LINDA also accompanies them in the celebration function.

LINDA is fascinated by the beautiful necklace which LARA has. Excited to hold it, LINDA try to open up the hook and while doing so accidently rubs it against the neck, this leave with a mark bleeding blood. Immediately SANOBAR helps her to clean the wound with her handkerchief.

After the function, LARA returns home, and while undressing, pay attention to the Bleeding mark closely, which is on same spot which was displayed in long mirror. A seed of doubt has now grown in her mind, but she stifles the niggling doubt and laughs it off as coincidence.

Prepare the dinner, make a phone call to Alex, know about his official trip progress, she shuffle some of the channel on TV and fall asleep.

She now believes in the inferior quality of the cheap cosmetics and faulty image display of the long mirror. But by this time it didn’t raise any alarm bell to her. She carry on with normal day life , checking and making guest list, ordering few items online, making calls to friend informing and inviting to Wedding.

Life is on normal pace again and today she decides to visit her friend. She applies makeup and wears a casual dress and check herself in new Mirror, But to her surprise she observed a patch of white hairs, around 30-40 hairs above the forehead and Dark circles, clearly visible in the Long mirror image. She rushes to wash basin area to check this up in Short Mirror and finds it to be clean and no white hairs.

Lara stands close to the Short mirror and washes her face completely and checks now. She can see only 2-3 white hairs and no dark circles. Probably these also occurred by the new cosmetic she put in use. Because Sometime cosmetics can have ill effects on skin if not suited properly to particular skin tone. White hairs may be due to use of new shampoo applied.

Despite reasoning to herself, Lara is worried what awaits her? Doubt fails her mind, but she pushes on.

On 4th day, she faces the harsh reality and finds the Image of long Mirror turns true and now today she actually has the white hair patch over the forehead and dark circle visible from far. This makes her feel completely shock and horrified. Things which happen thrice can’t be coincidence and Mirror images are no positives.

To overcome the stress she decides to go out and watch movie at nearby theatre. Locks the room, close all the lights and steps out. After spending time alone and enjoying movie, LARA return back to her flat. Unlock the door; notice her bedroom light in ON condition.

It appears someone broke in for Robbery. LARA makes slow and cautious move to her room, making almost no noise.

Although no one there in room, but there is sense of warmness, as if someone was there minutes before.

 Swiftly check her cup-board and other items in her room, and while turning she notices the most shocking image of her life.

‘A Hand with only 4 fingers’ is imprinted on the Long Mirror. This makes her scare till nerves and she come of her room immediately. Sits at a corner, fear sinks her in.

She now re-collects and begins connecting dots. By this time she realize the mirror is not Faulty, instead it ‘Futuristic’ and works on the Rule of 4th Day.

Mirror image displays the futuristic image of the person which turns out to be true on 4th Day. There is no way she know why all these things happening to her. And how this mirror is predicting everything wrongly but accurate.

 Taking an Iron rod she deals futile blows, her body racked with sobs. Again and again her hands hit the mirror, yet not a crack appears on the smooth surface And while doing so, a strange phenomenon takes place, she sees reflection of a face appeared white visible for few seconds in the mirror, is the same person, who sold her the mirror, Face appears with a strange smile and fades away in a while.

Seeing this she stumbles and falls off to the ground.

 No one believe the agony which she is going through because she can’t prove it, ALEX is also unaware about it and she is bearing it all herself.

 After a week ALEX is plans to return.

A new thought enter her mind. She wish to see want to check how her looks would be when ALEX returns.

She gathers some courage to stand in front of it, to know her looks when ALEX comes after couple of days from now. Initially she ignored her inner voice, but later gradually she resisted it. To her shock and surprise, there is no reflection found of her in the mirror. This set her back completely. She immediately searches for a cloth to clean the mirror and rub it all side to clear off with any sort of dirt and see her image.

 But there is no image reflects No image was clear cut indication that she will be dying soon and to be specific on 4th day from today.

Because LARA knew, only the Souls can’t be captured as an image in mirror and it don’t reflect.

 On 4th day Morning, ALEX returns and knocks the door.

After not hearing for sometime long by door bell and phone call, he opens it with Duplicate key. ALEX swiftly keeps aside his luggage and search for LARA, and finds her lying unconscious near wash basin area. With no delay he immediately sprinkled water and tries to make her conscious.

After few constant efforts LARA gained consciousness, and burst out in tear holding ALEX tightly.

ALEX notices her pathetic condition and realize the terrifying time she faces in his absence. LARA after holding her breath, points towards the Bedroom. ALEX curiosity to know the reason made her to narrate the entire incidence from the beginning.

Although he didn’t believe her words but to support in this condition agree to everything as conveyed. LARA also reminds him about today being her Last day and she will not survive.

Thinking about the exaggeration she concluded, ALEX want to get rid of the mirror which cause all the said issues. ALEX ask LARA to unlock the Mirror, wrap it again and decides to throw in the lake outskirts of the city.

They both get ready. LARA wears a simple black dress.

 And didn’t applied any make up (or) cream. She chose to remain simple and leave the house.

ALEX assists her to put the mirror in the backseat of his car and they both start outskirt to check for the lake. GPS navigation shows a pond on freeway nearly 35 km away from current location. LARA didn’t utter a single word in journey; her face was pale yellow with dark circles.

Although ALEX Try to talk to her and crack some joke to lighten up her mood, but she didn’t reacted to it.

 Only thing which she wants is to Surpass this day – which is probably her last on earth.

After a drive of almost about 45 minutes from home, they find a pond outside the main city. The vicinity is silent and they can easily hear the breeze prevailing. ALEX opens up the dickey of the car, pulls the mirror, and Holds it and then walk towards the pond. There is silence in the area and other noise, proximity were dark and gloomy. Alex without looking at mirror lifts it and throws it in the pond.

At this same time LARA sees a shadow of a man running towards the pond at the place where mirror is thrown just moments ago. she notices that this is same guy who sold her the mirror and whose reflection was seen with a strange and peculiar smile in that mirror.

Lara immediately tries to check the fingers of the shadow, and she is surprised and shocked to see it has only 4 fingers and no thumb.

ALEX , who just turn after throwing the mirror and as he make the turn , witness a heavy breeze and push over his shoulder as if someone hits him hard. ALEX could not see anyone.

But, LARA sees that man jump in the pond behind the mirror when it is thrown by ALEX. Ripples were created in water which can be seen easily. ALEX now walks towards the car and make a move out there. To cheer her up, ALEX turns on the music in the car. While driving ALEX kiss her and feel Intimacy of each other. Suddenly a truck appears and in order to avoid the collision, ALEX steer the wheel completely right and hit the Tree.

ALEX hits himself against the dashboard of the car which leads to the internal injuries and leads to bleeding on his forehead.

LARA falls outside the car and fell on the road. After gaining some conscious in few minutes he makes a quick move towards her. He takes her in his lap, LARA is not responding. ALEX checks her pulse and heartbeat now. But she is dead.

 This left Alex in acute shock and he sits and cries looking at her dead body.

Although the accident was not major, but Alex had only the minor injuries but LARA received critical injuries and die.

 He now begins to realize that she was completely right and it was his fault who never believed her completely.

 He also understands that the mirror has the power to depict the future for next 4 days.

 And this is that 4th Day.

–END–

