The unveiled suspense story

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sun was still up when we arrived at the Sun City. We were hungry, thirsty, and exhausted due to that long and wavy journey. We parked ourselves in the restaurant and ordered the most scrumptious food. There, I noticed a middle-aged man, reading an old magazine at the counter where he works. It was him, the man whom I owed much to get back to my old yet fresh memories. Suddenly, my eyes were dirtied with sin and depravity, as I masticated the food along with my emotions, the flashback came to me.

“Leave her alone!”, the mother screamed. I was at stake, pale but my chest was pounding like a drum. I closed my eyes, covered ears upon hearing the gunshot. I looked at a distant, she was holding her breath very hard. “Be away from that man…, he’s dangerous!”, she faintly uttered the words, then she fell into my hands. It has been four years since that tragic happened but I could still remember when the gunman was called David.

“Yes, I was there, but I could barely remember, I can tell you are confused”. I eagerly listened but my ears were covered with his lies and deceits”.  “My name is Tim David. I live somewhere in the states and to be honest, I don’t remember those things anymore”. I could sense he was lying, and covering his wickedness. “I can’t tell you a lot about your parents, not now”. My mind didn’t believe.

I was like trapped in a maze and I couldn’t move on. Disturbed by the silent voice that cried in agony, I went back to the car, and slept again, wanting to see her reveal the pieces of the puzzle.  The dream took me to the same house four years back, I was too excited to find evidence and traces.  Unfortunately, nothing that

I saw attracted me except the portrait of my mother and me. I went closely and held it towards me. I saw the little caption that wrote, Sun City, February 2, 1999. I looked at the woman, her face was unfamiliar.”

“We are here! “. I was awakened of his shuddering my shoulders. I awoke with tons of confusion, suffering from unclear yesterdays. We sat on the green grass, I looked up the blue sky, and he whispered. “Believe me, you will find the answer”, he valiantly uttered. I looked at him while he’s facing towards the sky. “Behind those thick clouds are the great hope of sunshine”. That was the first time I remembered that I smiled. We laid down and talked anything that belonged to my past. He nodded, smiled, shrug, and keenly observed.

Few months after, we drove back to the Sun City. We went to the same restaurant and found again the same man. “This man is a killer”, I yelled at him. Everyone stopped and stared at me like I was found guilty. Max couldn’t take it; he went towards where I stood firmly. “I’m not trying to overdramatize something.” As I said that, a voice came. “It’s okay son, she’s confused that way.” David came towards him.

It took me a minute to take back from dementation. My heart was pounding as it was before.  I saw her, the woman on the portrait. Her face that spoke clearly, we both shed tears and embraced tightly.

For sixteen years, I believed many lies, wonderfully wrecked by the woman who stole me away and fought a worthless war against that agony. “Max is my friend, he helped me all the way to get here.” She nodded, with her teary eyes, “I am glad, he’s your friend”. As I asked about my father, “He was arrested, just before you opened your eyes after the gunshot. By the way, what you saw was your friend’s dad, He is Tim David, the police officer”. Then Max smiled.

 –END–

