Suspense Story – The Man In The Black Cape.

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Sitting in the noisy crowd watching faces go by Faces that looked the same in a dark blurr When all of a sudden I spotted a shining light Unique in it’s form it shone and stood out. My eyes slowly adjusting to the shining light. A beautiful face appeared, revealing to be the light itself With the perfect frame to match his handsome face And a black cape to match his perfect frame. I realised I was looking at the most beautiful vision I had ever seen.

With a smile so bright and teeth so white, cheeks so red it almost bled. Hair so dark and skin without a mark no doubt a beautiful creature. The kind of being i always wanted to be seeing. He slowly turned his head And looked at me with his mysterious dark eyes. My heart skipped a beat.

I felt as though he could see my soul. With eyes so hypnotizing I could only follow him as he continued his journey Following him through the dark woods. The dark path under the dark sky Staying well hidden when all of a sudden he stopped and turned around, my heart caught in my chest Quickly hiding behind a tree.

I knew he could sense I was following him But he carried on as if purposely silently urging me to Follow him more and I being hypnotized followed him on . As i followed him I thought about this mysterious man Might he be a vampire? With skin so pale Lips so red, hair so black and eyes so dark that it felt as though he could see straight to your soul. More excitement than fear as I realised this, I followed him up to his three story dark house, so dark it felt as though nobody had lived there in hundreds of years.

There I stopped, watching him approach his door And with courage I had never possessed before I called to him, he stopped almost startled. He Looked as though he was scared, ready to defend himself. I slowly seductively walked up to him Staring deep into his eyes as the wind blew Staring deep into his eyes Deep down until I could see his soul.

Hypnotizing and seducing him, I walked and allured him. He had his guard down Looking at me and mesmerized by me as I slowly approached him and brought my face close to his…my lips close to his I moved down until my lips were close to his neck. I slowly moved closer as i parted my mouth And dug my protruding fangs Deep down into my Prey’s neck.

***

 Féyijimi Akin-Lewis.

