ALL IS FAIR IN LOVE

Photo credit: 

 from 

I (Kaajal) happened to meet my love ( Raghav) during my graduation final years at one of my best friend Sara’s brother’s marriage… he was a serving Indian army officer…

Every moment of our life was as beautiful as a rainbow, everything perfect until a day came when.

I heard my mom telling dad about…’’someone’’…that she met a family in one of the functions, they got an only son, a software engineer, working at Pune, earning some 60,ooo per month, has his own flat too.

And she added ‘’our Kaajal and he will make a good pair’’

‘’What the hell, has mom gone crazy?‘’ I murmured and entered their room banging the door, and yelled…’’ ma have you gone crazy, I am not ready for any type of commitments with anyone… I wish to continue and focus on my PG’’

‘’Dearoo… they are going to allow you to continue with your studies, not at all an issue for them… they are very good a family… may be, we might not get such good match for you later‘’  mom tried to give explanation.

‘’I am least bothered about this mom… let be… let me not get this good a family in future, but right now, I don’t want all this’’

I wondered what happened to mom, its been just 15 days that I finished with my graduation, and she’s ready with a marriage thing… i hope god grants her brains

That night when Raghav called, I told him all… and we decided that on his next leave I am going to introduce him to my parents

***

Month of  MARCH.. RAGHAV CAME ON A WEEKS LEAVE

‘’ So, what’s the plan of action? he asked

‘‘ you gonna drop me at my home, and i’ll introduce you to my parents as Sara’s cousin… and from there you have to manage the things… simple n safe’’ I replied “how will you introduce me at your place Ragz?”

‘’I already told mom about you’ ’he answered

‘’what’’ my lower jaw fell down ‘’what does she say?’’

‘she said nothing‘’ he replied

‘’nothing at all?’’ ’ shonaaaa…will she agree?’’

‘’she has to, if not today, then tomorrow, we already had decided to be together’’, he came near to me ‘’don’t worry, your Raghav will handle whatever the situation be”…

I cuddled in his strong arms…’’I want to be like this, in your arms forever’‘’promise me Ragz u’ll never leave me and go’’

‘’even if you ever decide to leave,I won’t let you go away from me…I promise you  Raghav  hugged me with warmth saying this

Later told Sara about our plan of telling mom dad, that, he is her distant cousin. And as planned, Raghav came home with an excuse of dropping me home

And as expected mom inquired…’’who’s Raghav?’’

‘’he is Sara’s cousin and had come to drop me…’’I replied

Raghav touched her feet and mom blessed him

Later Dad came in…Raghav touched his feet too and said ’hello sir’…and introduced himself as Sara’s cousin Raghav’ … dad offered him to sit, mom got snacks and tea.

Long awaited intro started…what u do Raghav?

‘’Serving in infantry as a Major sir’’he replied

‘’y u choose army Raghav? Should have joined some other field’s’’mom’s immediate doubt

Raghav smiled and said‘’why aunty?don’t u like defence people?’’

Mom replied…there’s no guarantee of life…wars, terrorist attacks…we get to see so many incidents, where men are killed… Leaving behind sorrow for their entire family…

‘’Is their guarantee to the lives who don’t serve in army?’’ Raghav questioned mom

‘’noooo, but then, which families will be willing to give their daughter to an army boy’’

There mom dropped a missile on us… I immediately said ‘’why ma if I say,I love raghav and want to marry him won’t you both agree?’’

As I said this mom n dad both starred at me…puzzled…thinking I might have gone mad

‘’we love each other papa mumma, n today he is here for me…we want to get married’’

dad and mom left the hall and went inside.

‘’will you want to handle this or shall I talk to them?’’ Raghav asked,

‘’I’ll handle this’’I replied

‘’Ok, anytime u need me u know am here with you…tomorrow at 11 am  I’ll be waiting for u at bus stop , remember we have to visit my place too…I hugged him and said’’ I don’t care for anything ragz, I love you’’

Mom and dad din’t speak a word that night… next day morning too they kept quiet

I bunked my college as I have to visit Ragz home… we reached raz home… I asked ragz ‘am I lookin ok?, is this white salwarsuit fine on me… or had it would been better if I had worn a saree?’’

Ragz held me closer to him by my waist and whispered ‘’can i kiss  you?’’

I punched him and said ‘’here I am damn nervous, and you feel like kissing’’

The door was opened… aunty stood there in a pink cotton suit… ragz introduced me to his mom…’’ ma she is Kaajal… and Kaajal she’s my sweet mom’’ saying this he got beside’s his mom n hugged her…

I smiled to her and said‘’hello aunty’’

She too smiled at me and said‘’hello beta…come inside’’

Aunty served us tea n biscuits… We three sat in the drawing room… so the intro session started again…

’’what u do kaajal?Aunty questioned me

‘’doing PG aunty’’I replied her

‘’you still studying?’’ aunty highlighted…’’must be 4-5 yrs younger to raghav haina?’’

‘yes aunty’I replied

‘’I always had an impression that raghav would marry someone whom we would select for him but see you never know today’s generation boy’s…they want to take the life’s much imp decision all by themselves and then force parents to accept’’I kept silence all the while.

‘’See this pic’’aunty showed me a pic of a girl… she’z done CA earning a good salary… only daughter of a business man, such a good match for Raghav, but he want’s to marry you… rightly said love is blind… and this thing my son had proved it… I agree you look beautiful but beauty won’t do any good as brains do…’’

I looked up to ragz…my eyes went moist

‘’Mom you have hurt her enough. Your behavior is not going to change our love, but its only gonna hurt your son’’ragz very politely told her… aunty left the room and went inside.

I couldn’t anymore control my emotions and burst out… I hugged ragz…’’ may be aunty’s right ragz, am no good for you…

‘what did you say honey? Look at me’ he raised my head holding my chin…trust me you the only good… you are everything to me,they are our parents,one day will understand our feelings, and will accept us’’ragz said hugging me

That evening again I tried to convince mom dad… but both were adamant saying ‘’how can they let spoil my life in front of their eyes’’

‘’ma papa for you both my happiness is everything but then why you opposing my love, am telling you I love raghav and can’t stay without him why don’t you understand.’’ I pleaded

At ragz place there was heated argument-result- aunty got admitted in MH as her BP shooted up. I wanted to visit her but decided better ones she is alright and back home I’ll go and see her.

Soon Raghav’s leave came to an end and he had to leave, both had a heavy heart separating, I went to the airport along with him to see off, he promised he’ll be back soon, and hugged.

 

AFTER FEW DAYS –  Taking ragz permission I went to meet his parents. I took flowers along with me. As aunty opened the door I wished her by giving her the flowers. She didn’t accept them instead dragged me out

‘’you came up to see whether I am alive or not kaajal? because of you today our son doesn’t talk to us properly…he thinks we are his enemies…and you?,what do you think I don’t know you…you trapped my son…but remember I’ll never let you succeed in your motives’’saying this she closed the door over my face.I pleaded her a lot to atleast give one chance to speak but in vain…

I was tired of all these arguments…I called up ragz and told him‘’ragz lets finish this, I won’t be able to take it anymore…no one is ready to understand… I just want to finish this all… plizz forget me and do as aunty wants you to do’’.

Ragz tried to assured me whatever may come he’ll never let our bond break… I informed ragz about my marriage been fixed by my parents and that all’s over now.’’forget me ragz’’ I sobbed

”Honey trust me nothing can separate us…” he pleaded and made me promise that am not going to take any foolish step and hurt him…

Lots and lots of emotional breaks downs for all…

 

28th MAY ,MY MARRIAGE –  WITH AKHIL

I was called upon for the final vows…

All of a sudden, Akhil’s parents came up to the stage and asked Akhil to get up… ‘’we are leaving… don’t want this marriage to happen.. they lied to us… their daughter is unwell’’

‘’my daughter is unwell?’’ dad got totally confused… ‘’you are mistaken nothing like that she is perfectly alright. U can ask anyone here…might be someone played a prank’’mom and dad pleaded to them that there’s seriously some misunderstanding

Everyone pleaded to Akhil’s parents, but they were not ready to accept… I got pissed off… I requested dad n mom not to insult themselves by pleading to Akhil’s parents… if they don’t want to trust, let be… and I showed them the exit door.

Dad, mom started panicking along with all the relatives, at the thought that my life got ruined… now no one will ever come up to marry kaajal after this rumor… someone poked…

’if kaajal’s parents permit, i will marry kaajal’ came a voice… its ragz… I felt like running to him and hugging him

Everyone were shocked…!!!

Ragz called up his parents and asked them to reach the venue. Meantime, he requested dad and mom to permit him to marry me… but mom dad kept silent. Ragz parents reached the venue, and before anything could be understood, all our cousins ordered panditji to conduct our marriage…

Finally me and ragz took the final marriage vows and by 8:30am… it was announced –‘’Kaajal legally wedded wife of Raghav’’

Later one of my uncle’s walked up to us ‘’Raghav if you don’t mind could you care to explain?’’

Raghav – ‘’I know, all of you wondering what and why all this happened.’’     ‘’First of all I apologize for i was the one who spread the rumor that kaajal is unwell’’ ‘’I tried to convince you parents in a matured way, but you all reacted in an immature manner… so I was left with no other way,but to act in an immature manner, to make you matured parent’s accept our love’’

Later He apologized to my parents and his mom n dad for their hurt. Ragz mom got hospitalized for ragz gave her the biggest shock of her life,But later she recovered well…

Our both parents gave us a tough time thereafter, but dealing with them this time seemed a bit easy, for now there’s no fear of loosing our love… we are together forever and ….

Previously, we were convincing them to understand and accept our love, and today we are convincing to forgive, cause what we did was for the sake of our love…

__END__

