 

Right from the childhood I have no specific goal. I don’t know what is a goal actually. My childhood is filled with fears from parents ,teachers also  from neighbours. My parents always quarrel among each other fills my mind a lot of sadness. Why the quarrels actually?. I am asking this question to my soul several times. I am always analysing this issue like an engineer analyzing a structure. So many answers flashes in my mind, I also knows solutions to these answers but I may not have that much strength to solve. Poverty, ego, feeling of showing hardworking through emotion, comparisons are some of answers to my question. See how funny this thing is ,for one question there are many answers.

My short term goal in my childhood is to manage my parents to not to quarrel ,maintaining peace in my home is toughest task for me. There are some instances where I think differently,  Lets leave them so what happened is happened. Is it not my job to always think about them, So leave them . This type of thinking goes in my mind. Indian families are more socialistic families , the families suffers more interior because of some persons, especially of higher age but what happening they get social approval ,they are right,they don’t listen to people in family ,they do what they want because they are giving money to lead family.

Out of many thoughts I am thinking some times why people are like this don’t listen words of family members. There must be some rules every member of family must thoroughly digested. I am also in confusion why recently the rules are not amended inspite of this much sadness.

Majority of Indian families train their children as to gather money. Happiness based on money gathering.More gathering more happy. No gathering implies quarrelling. What my parent intention is attain public approval that I gave some money to my children , I gave what they want,I fulfill my responsibility these are supporting statements.

Right from my childhood I do some work  part times in my father shop .Yes I am more interested in father work and I also interested in education. Paying interest in 2 tasks.Whenever I pay more interest in work the education at that time completely spoils. Whenever I pay more interest in education there are quarrels in my house.My father chit chats nicely with me when I am at work ,gets rude when I am at studying but at the same time he complains me you are not studying well, see others how they excels in education. To excel any profession it takes time in spite of not giving time utilising at work they are even complaining. Comparison is one thing I may not bare even a single minute.

Sometimes I think that  I am that much inefficient not balancing 2 tasks,why I am creating alibis for doing my won work I am struggling actually.

Recently my father work some developed ,I refer some more development by using software’s, so that account is very easy, he rejects it simply.

Indian families doesn’t give respect to the family members, they doesn’t hear the voice of children, they here outsiders whenever they say ,the thing is keep to implementation .The above thing is written in my perspective.Let us see another example.

I see one family in business in various fields with huge turnovers. They have 2 sons, one is charted accountant another is ordinary guy. The businesses include some illegal businesses. The charted accountant have the knowledge of turning illegal business to legal one. He also refers his father to do it. I say previously that Indian families are more interested in money. So father keep the charted  accountant in illegal business warm him only to see business issues not on tax issues. At one time the illegal business came outside then father and son in jail at same time,there is downfall in all business.

The family members of every family know the solution of every aspects and also know threats which are comings. What my intention is every family member must give respect to each other for their long run success.

–END–

