Story of a Cancer Patient Girl – Demons

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I had a dream that i could be a regular girl, someone without cancer, Specifically Leukemia. Today on my annual doctor’s checkup i found out the terrible disease i had. I didn’t want to let anyone down, so i didn’t tell anyone. I did have to live my life as best as i could, i had to take advantage and be super nice before i left my home. There is no where we can hide. It was time to accept that i was special. I had to love everyone how i never loved them before. I didn’t really want to hide the truth, but i had to.

I asked my best friend to look me into my eyes and tell me what she would do when i died, “Why would you die now? I wouldn’t let you go, i’d give you my heart and i’d die before, i’d give you a brain transplant, i would do ANYTHING.” that was about the nicest thing i heard from her in like forever.

“But why do you ask?…” She continued.

“I was just wondering, i was enjoying you, and your awesomeness.” I said as an excuse.

“Oh, well i want you to know, i’m here for you” She replied in awe because of what i said. I was fearless to express what i felt.

I got more pale by the minute, my Father asked “Sweetie, are you feeling okay?” I picked at my food i didn’t have enough energy to eat or talk so i just nodded yes. I asked to be excused and i went up to my room, i lost a lot of my precious blonde locks so i wore a pretty girly pink cap with the breast cancer sign so no one would notice.

I started getting even more weak than before. I guess it’s time to start saying bye.

I rounded up all my friends and told them that I was going to take a long vacation and that i may not be back. Everyone was confused but i hugged them and cried on my best friend’s shoulder, i tried to look her in the eyes, but i simply couldn’t. She sheltered me with her warmth. I sent everyone i knew text messages that said “I Love You” and turned my phone off.

I had to leave my parents on my endless journey of death, so i figured out a way to say bye without knowing it. “Mom, Dad, i love you both but I’m going to be excused from the table because it’s necessary and i’m extremely sad, but i have to go….” i said sadly.

“Forever” i whispered as i walked outside. I walked to the hospital and i told them my situation.

I was lying on the bed and the doctor told me what i already knew; i was going to pass away today. I enjoyed my life as much as i could. My dream did not succeed. I was connected to a heart pumper and oxygen soon, there was a long beeeeep. Which meant, i left the world. Soon the doctors called everyone i knew because i had left a paper that said “call” all of the phone numbers of the people i knew. I officially passed away.

I had to face it, i left what i mostly loved because of leukemia, they say it’s what you make of your life but that didn’t work out right so i say it’s up to fate to decide our passage, but fate taught me something. Leaving what you love doesn’t mean you’ve left life. Fate wanted me to meet new people; in heaven.

I realized that having leukemia just meant that i left earth but that didn’t mean i left everyone, i was a ghost that could go visit, but i wouldn’t bother anyone so i didn’t communicate.

My parents and my friends leave flowers every day. I take them give them a smell and rejoice that i can still see their faces.

I heard cries from my grave. It was my best friend I embraced her in my ghostly heat while hearing her say “I said i would die before you, i said you wouldn’t leave, why didn’t you tell me?”

I said i wouldn’t communicate but i had to i said “I didn’t tell you because it was best for you, i haven’t lost you, neither have you we will forever have each other in our hearts. So and so we still are friends, and this was my tragic tale of Leukemia, a moral for my short life. My Leukemia was my demon.”

__END__

