Family Short Story – WIFE AND HUSHH-band.(don’t ask,don’t tell)

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am Riya .I am a very beautiful young lady .

I was travelling in a crowded bus that night and i was wearing a skirt that day as i gave my saree to dhobi and i consider skirt to be an attire of corporate glamour.

It was so crowded that people are literally falling over each other.I was feeling drowsy since i was tired after work.

Suddenly the driver applied brakes and i fell on a man accidentally  standing in front of me .I said sorry and i stood firmly to avoid falling again.

It was dark in that bus and it was cold outside. After some time i got a seat and i began thinking about my past looking at the passing trees and buildings.

I was sitting with my legs crossed and the person in front of me was staring at me continuously . I thought he was from a village background who found it surprising that girl is wearing a skirt and flaunting her legs.

My cell phone started ringing but I did not respond.I t was my husband.

IAM AN ULTRA MODERN GIRL WITH LIBERAL ATTITUDE and don’t give into these patriarchal mindsets.

When i was walking on the road ,i heard many times people passing lewd remarks about the way i dressed but i did not respond to them.

Why should i change my ways because somebody does not like it. I like the way i am.I like modern wear .

I was married 2 years ago.

It was an arranged marriage and i married a guy called raj who is from a good family.They even took dowry .

He was very nice to me and i thought he was the perfect man for me until the day when i found out the truth about him.

After few days of marriage i noticed that he was coming late from office.

Then i thought he was having an affair with some other woman in his office. Days passed but no change in his attitude.

Then one day i had seen his mobile messages and got angry.  I asked him whether he is having an affair with any women. He said no.

One day his friend came to our home. I had an urgent work so i told them that i will come back later after a few hours.

My husband and his friend were there at my home.

In a hurry i forgot my cell in my room so i went back to my home immediately.When i went back i was shocked to see both of them in a very compromising position.

My husband is gay. I just broke down to tears because my marriage fell apart.

I just don’t know how to deal with this situation. His friend left the room immediately .

An eerie silence filled the room.

Riya: Is this the one who is messaging you all these days?

Raj: yes

Riya: How long this has been going on?

Raj: Since i was a teenager.

Riya:Do your parents know about it?

Raj: No.

Riya: why did you marry me at all?

Raj: social pressure . i know what you must be feeling right now but i can assure you that we can sort out things.

Riya: You ruined my life.. This is disgusting.Things will never be the same again between us.

Riya had no option except to marry someone else but what would she say to her parents.

——-

Riya gets down from the bus takes a walk along the beach side . She  looks at other couples in that beach and wonder whether they are really happy.

Riya receives a call from her friend rekha  that her husband is harassing and abusing  her and domestic violence is becoming too much to handle her.

Riya recalls how her husband treated her all these years and remembers that he never talked to her in a high tone and how he cared for her so much.

Riya is also worried about the future of her child growing inside her.

There are so many good qualities in my husband .High paying job,sense of humour, caring nature.

WHY SHOULD I TURN A BLIND EYE TO ALL THESE GOOD QUALITIES AND CONCENTRATE ONLY ON HIS SEXUAL PREFERENCES.After all being gay or not gay is not under our control.Homo sexuality is determined by genes and biological factors.

Riya decides to take raj to a psychologist who can give him much needs counselling to change him and decides to go back home.

Raj hugs after seeing riya again and she tells him the good news that she is going to have a baby.Raj and riya promise each other that they will not do anything detrimental to their relationship.

__END__

