Family Short Story – For better or for worst

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s been years the last time i saw  my mom.  I was studying in a nice University in City and i have lot of friends. I enjoyed living in City .  Every time i call my Mom and asked her how she doing she just keep saying   ”  don’t disturb me I’m busy but will send you money ” .

It seems she do not like to hear me . I usually go outside and drink instead of making the things i need to do for school.  I feel unimportant ,my parents don’t have time for me. They do not even go in city to check how am i doing?  Year 2009 i decided to go home in the province. I miss my hometown. I arrived late night and i didn’t even talk to my Mama . I drink all night with my friends.  I didn’t tell anybody  what i feel. I woke up  ten in the morning ,  it was my Mom’s birthday. I noticed our home was so quite.   I call my brothers but nobody answered .  Then i walked towards my Mama’s bedroom.. I wanted to greet her a happy birthday.  I heard someone crying. I knocked and asked her

Me : Why are you crying?

Mama:  I am just so happy to see you.

Me:  Paused, and stunned.. I didn’t expect to hear this words from my mom.  All those years i wanted to feel the love of my Mama.

Mama:  Sorry my daughter, I do not talk too much to you over phone because i always want you to hear good news.  I want you to focus on your study. I know you are mad  because you feel me and your Papa don’t care.

Me:  Then why are you crying? I didn’t say anything.

Mama:  I  love you.  I  only have 3 months to live . . I was diagnosed for a uterus cancer and doctor said i will be gone in 3  months. .

Me: Where is Papa? Why are you alone?

Mama: He is now living with another woman  . I cannot do my obligation as her wife . He didn’t say anything bad he just refused to talk to me. No text , no calls.

Me:  I feel so bad . mama crying and i do not know what to do but to hug her.

Mama:   I remember your Papa’s voice saying ” in sickness and in health, in good times and in bad for better or for worst i will love you unconditionally”.

I realized i wasted my time not seeing my mom for past few years. I cried thinking i only have 3 months to be with my Mama… I have wished that my Papa will come back home to fulfill his promise to Mama .

__END__

