Meghna Roy, was a renowned TV anchor of well-known Indian NEWS channel ” AWAAZ “.

Born in New Delhi, to Mr. S.N.Roy, who was a famous Journalist of his time and served many years for ‘Times of India’ newspaper. Meghna inherited her journalism skills from her father, who holds very high reputation

 for his bold articles in newspaper. Meghna graduated from St. Columbus College, Delhi with a degree in English

 Literature. She received Master’s in Mass Communication from Jamia Millia Islamiyah, Delhi.

Bold nature like her father, straightforward and ‘Make it Happen’ Attitude lead her high in Journalism. Always busy doing something constructive, doing the coverage at various places was her prominent task. Travelled almost 3/4th of the world in her 12 yrs. of career was indeed a sign of excellence.

Her coverage of ‘Kargil war’ in 1999 between India and Pakistan and complete coverage on ‘US Military Operation in Iraq’ brought prominence in ‘AWAAZ. She has been the inspiration for many aspiring candidates who wish to make bigger in this industry.

Meghna Roy really made large in this industry in very short span of time, it takes around 15-17 yrs. for people to reach at the position where she is now. It’s all because of her hard work; go-getter spirit and Never give up attitude. She earns hefty salary package, A High Position of Senior Editor in leading NEWS channel, Recognition across Globe, Contacts with Hi-Profile people, made her a really successful lady in the business.

Her Saturday talk show has also won most awards out of any show on Indian television history.

In 2003, she was awarded the title ‘ Achievers of the year ‘, which was based on public voting who choose the best among many. She married to Anuj Singhal, co-anchor of same NEWS channel a year back – 2013.

But after 4 months, it became difficult for them to manage their married life. Anuj want her to quit job and focus on joint venture which he want to start after marriage.  Though earlier Meghna agreed to this, but later she thought to take diversion and continue in ‘AWAAZ’. Anuj’s plan was to quit ‘AWAAZ’ and open up a new channel which covers only the’Political background ‘.

Anuj’ s vision to open a new Channel which only create the programs and talk shows focusing on the Political culture, struggle and challenges faced by our leader to gain Independence , initially excites Meghna , but now she was focused on her next target to gain the position of ‘Chief Editor’ In ‘AWAAZ’. If she could able to gain the place, this will not only give her very high exposure across the Industry, but also she holds the shares in Profit of the Channel. Anuj didn’t like backstabbing from Meghna, and soon their differences began to shown up in their married life.

Professional difference on creativity and presentation began to impact a personal life or vice-versa. Their arguments becoming bitter day by day, they talk in rough manner with each other. It became daily routine conversation among them:-

 “So, you will not join my plan?” – Anuj says

“See Anuj, I know you have a vision, but I can’t sacrifice my career goals for your sake, I am modern Professional women, I know what I need from life” – Meghna replied

“Oh!! So why you married me, because from day I met you, I have always stated my vision to you. I don’t want to work under any Boss where I can’t Have full liberty, and I thought you will surely join me in my new venture and we

 together create a new path “- Anuj explains

“Yaa, I understand you, but I can’t join you, if you don’t succeed in your endeavor, then where will we go. I can’t resign my Job just to take a Risk “- Meghna Added.

“It is calculated Risk Meghna, why don’t you understand? I already saved lot of money in case anything goes wrong , please join me dear , I love you, don’t let me walk alone this path, I can’t do without you, Please join me after I

 resign from ‘AWAAZ’ – Anuj explains (almost tear in eye).

 “See, you need me … and who doesn’t want the asset like me in business, I have gained all the reputation through my sheer business sense. But can’t let it go all my reputation on your silly Vision ” — Meghna said in sense of praising herself.

“Silly Vision? did you really said it ? ” – Anuj asked violently.

“One day you will realize Madam, I have seen lot many like you, time will teach you lesson one day and then you will see all the privileges you possess remain meaning less, and the only thing which you remember will be Me and my vision, but, I am afraid, by then It will be too late to recover “- he adds.

“Hmm!! We will see, my life became hell after marrying you, if I knew that you never cared about my aspirations, my career goals, I would not have chosen you ” – Meghna said, throwing pillow on bed.

“That’s not true, I always cared about you, but now you are sailing in your world of name, fame and glory, I hope you reach more heights, the only thing I tried to make you my strength in all walks of life, where I want you as my companion ” — Anuj said.

Few days later to this, Anuj resigned from his position from News channel ‘AWAAZ’. Followed to this, both of them decided to take a break for a while and started staying away from each other in same city.

They were still married but just for namesake.

After their separation, they used to call each other once in a week, but as time passes this practiced also stopped.

Time slowly slipped and after a month Meghna was given a chance to do coverage in the naxal area of Chhattisgarh (India). She already had experience to do coverage in remote area, but Chhattisgarh was a new destination. She Took up the challenge with full confidence, as success in this tour can result in her chance to get promoted to CEO of same channel. Seeking the opportunity, she agreed to set forth for this new allocation.

A crew of 4 people who Includes Camera Man – Vikram, Sound Dept. – Jagdish, Security Officer – Vinayak and Meghna has to start their journey next week.

Plan of action was laid down to them and they all have to perform their respective role. Their aim was to reach ‘ Jahangir Mir’ – Naxal Commander. And Interview him to get Insight of the demands and concerns of the local naxal group active in that area and then put forward their story in front of whole Nation.

But reaching out to ‘ Jahangir’ was like a distant dream; he had his group somewhere in the forest area which was not directly connected to any of the main city.

Manager of news channel ‘AWAAZ’ Mr. Sanjeev Shukla, coordinated with the local police authority to get their man assist the group in their endeavor to reach naxal commander.

Local Police of Raipur (Capital city of Chhattisgarh) agreed only to provide the security and facility to stay in the city, but didn’t consider their plea to escort them to forest. Crew will be on their own if they are going in forest and no cover or security would be provided to them by local administration.

Police also rolled out the security alert to Manager stating ‘ It is good to drop the Idea for this project to reach ‘Jahangir’ as 3 Journalist already lost their lives in earlier attempts ‘ Sanjeev Shukla put forward the security warning in front of crew member and asked for their opinion.

 “We will do it Sir!” – Meghna Said confidently

 “Yes Sir, No matter what happens, we will cover this story” — Vinayak added.

 “Fine!!, Then Start tomorrow, your travel route plan will be shared in a while with you. All should have the copies with them. A special bag equipped with all necessary digital devices will be provided to you all. Have a safe and Successful Trip All the Best!! ” – Sanjeev replied.

As per the Route Plan they have to start their journey around 4:00 PM in evening from New Delhi to Raipur via flight and by 7:30 PM they should reach Raipur, Then a local Police official will receive them from Airport and drop them to government quarters around 9:00 PM where they have Dinner and Night Stay.

Next morning they all will be provided a local Jeep to drop them from Raipur to Naugao (remote village) distance of 350 km. And From their crew has to set on their own in forest area which was just 3 km away from Naugao.

It was Monday, and Meghna and her Team reached Raipur around 7:40 PM. Jagdish (Sound recordist) call on the number given by Sanjeev to contact Police official who was supposed to welcome them on Airport.

Just when he was trying, he heard an unknown voice “Sir, this way please!!”

 “You must be Mr. Sarwar, Police official ” – Jagdish asked

 “Yes Sir, sorry for delay, got stuck in traffic outside ” – Sarwar replied

 They all sat in the Jeep and around 9:13 PM they reached State Government Staff  quarters.

“Madam, please ask everyone to assemble in next 30 minutes to have dinner in Canteen “- Sarwar requested

 “Sure, we shall be there, Thanks for everything!” — Meghna replied, smile on her face.

Then crew member went to their respective Quarter where they freshened up and then gathered in canteen to have dinner. All were very much tired after the journey and none uttered a single word. And they all knew that they have to start early morning around 8:00 AM to new place which was 350 KM away. They all soon went back to their quarter after finishing dinner.

“Good Night all! Don’t be late tomorrow , we have a lot to do ” – Meghna said to everyone

 “Good Night Mam!!” – Every one replied.

Meghna lied down on bed in her room, but anxiety flew her sleep away. She gets up, drank a glass of water, and started walking in room.

She was peeping outside the window and glaring the moon. In her deep Thoughts she decided to walk on the Grass lawn outside the Quarter. Locked the room from out, took key and her mobile phone, she went down to Lawn in

 her Night dress only.

There was dark outside and she could only see a Pale distant light that was the Security guard torch that was at the entrance of the colony where these all Government quarters were. It was bit cold outside, but this cool breeze refreshes her. Completed only 2 rounds at lawn she suddenly hears an Unknown Soft voice

 “Please go to your room Madam Ji, It’s very dark now, not safe”

 “Who are you?” — Meghna asked abruptly

 Lady behind unknown voice slowly approaches Meghna .

 “Madam, I am Gayatri, I stay in Block – B”

 “Oh! So what you are doing now in dark? “- Meghna Asked

 “Madam, my kid was crying which disturbed my sleep, so I just came out for a walk “- She explains

 Meghna finds her very thin , near to 5 ft. 4’ , wore an old sari , It appear that she ignored regular diet from quite some time that made her look so lean.

 She has very attractive smile on her face and looks very calm in approach.

 “Shall we sit somewhere?” – Meghna said

“Yes Madam, there is an old stone bench placed at corner of the lawn, we can go there and sits, must be ample for both of us.” – Gayatri replied

 After walking to the corner, they both reached the bench. Gayatri cleaned it by her sari and they both sat on it.

 It was around 11:30 PM.

 “So, you stay with your family here?” – Meghna started

 “Yes Madam Ji, I stay with my Mother – in – law and my son ‘ Kashyap’ ” – Gayatri

 “What about your husband? he don’t stay with you people ? ” – Meghna asked

 “No, he is working in BSF (Border Security force), and currently posted on India -Bangladesh Border ” – Gayatri

 “That is good, so how often he comes to family in a year?” – Meghna

 ” Last time he came 7 months back , I think next month he may come for 5 days, if ceasefire remains ” – Gayatri

 “Oh My God! that’s the big gap , how do you manage then ? ” – Meghna

“I have the memories, which I always cherish in his absence, for me he is always with me.” – Gayatri

 Listening to this, Meghna felt in different way now, as if someone poured out hot boiling water on her.

 She holds her patience and with some efforts managed to ask next question ” And you are happy with this marriage ? , he is on border serving for nation , you have kid to handle and Mother In law to look after , don’t you feel that you are paying too much for this marriage ? ” – Meghna asked

 Meghna was expecting some sign of Disinterest in her answer, so that she can ensure that she is not the only one who is suffering an unhappy married life. But to her surprise, Gayatri replied stating “Madam Ji, you probably not aware, I am only 10th pass. My father always wanted me to become something in life which he was also not aware , he was a generous Man , but due to our poor condition , he couldn’t put me in Inter College and my education was

 stopped . I then took tuition to support my family and help my father. I had an elder brother who could able to complete his graduation, because I was contributing in family by my tuition.

I sacrificed my wish to complete my 12th class. My mother taught me all house hold task, and few lessons which I never forget. Slowly time reached when my parents decided to marry me. On 15th Nov 2011, he (Dinesh) along with parents came to see me. That was the first time we saw each other. Our parents agreed on everything and called the priest also on same day to find the suitable date for our marriage.

They almost fixed our marriage, but just for formality they allowed us to have a small walk to talk to each other. That was the time when we first spoke to each other. He looked at me with shy eyes and said only one thing, ‘I am a soldier, and wish to serve my nation, I know doing this I can’t focus on you and you have to spend most of your time just simply waiting for me Taking care of my parents back home. I don’t want to lie to you on anything but I can’t

 guarantee you anything as of now, so please be wise and decide If you are not interested, just let me know. I will simply take it on me and cancel from my end. You don’t need to bother about it.’

Madam, Listening to these word, I felt great sense of joy in my heart and from that moment I decide to marry him. But to keep him in suspense for some time I replied “It’s ok, if I am changing my opinion, I will let you know, but if you don’t receive any call from me till the date which is fixed for us, consider it a ‘YES’ From me”. And I never replied.” — Gayatri

 “That’s so touching, but what made you to say ‘YES’ to him?” — Meghna asked anxiously

 “I could still recollect his eyes, when he was saying me all that. In few lines, he expressed his limitations, and his care. He was so true in his approach that I never thought about going away from him. If our heart doesn’t like anyone, then no matter how many people try to convince us, it doesn’t work. And if we like someone and have affinity towards him, then no matter how many reason you have to leave that person, but we always find one to stick along.” — Gayatri

 “Okay, so what if you have waited for another proposal, where person stay with you?” — Meghna threw another question

By this time, Meghna was trying to get a point which she could take up and can fool her heart that what she has done in her married life also valid.

To answer Meghna , Gayatri replied, “Who says he is not with me? , we are always together by feeling, emotions, heart. No geographical barrier can create any difference among us. I pray all day to God, to keep him healthy. We have ‘Kashyap’ sign of our love. I stay with the most respected women, my Mother In law. We don’t need all days and night to share the love. Just all we need is faith among ourselves, self-respect to carry it forward and love to show it up.

This time gap acts as a bridge to strengthen the love quotient among us. Now also when we meet after months, we attend each other as if we are meeting for the first time, Stay together as if it will be our last meet. I have all the memories to cherish and this never keep me far from him. I have seen many people, who just marry but fail to understand the actual meaning of it. Their life simply becomes the blame game. They keep on blaming

 Each other for what they can’t achieve. What’s the use of such marriage where couple doesn’t respect each other, fights everyday on irrelevant topics?

 I know we are at different places, but still one soul. Yes, you are right; I could have chosen some other with whom I can stay with. But my love towards him never allowed me to think that way. ”

Listening to all this from such a simple girl, who is only 10th pass, Meghna remain speechless.

 “Ok Madam Ji, I need to go, it’s 12:05 am now, it was really nice talking to you” –Gayatri said

 “Ok Bye, Good Night, yes it was very nice talking to you. You are very Brave Lady Gayatri , I hope I could be like you ” — Meghna replied with lean smile

 Meghna keep staring at Gayatri until she disappeared to Block – B. Now she was all alone on Bench. Her  conversation with Gayatri left her in a state of shame, and few questions she started evaluating.

Taking deep breath, she gets up from the bench now and start slowly back her allocated room. But this walk was the probable the longest, Filled with many questions Popping up in her mind. It was around 1:00 AM, she finally fall asleep.

 Next Morning,

There was a knock on Meghna’s Door-

‘Madam please open the door, its 7:30 already, are you ready? ” – This was Vinayak.

 After a pause of 2-3 minutes, Meghna opened the door

“Yes, wait for 5 minutes, I will pack my bag, and then we leave for Naugao ” –Meghna replied, setting her hairs

 Around 8:13 AM, they all set for Naugao, which was 350 km away from there. Whole time in-car, Meghna didn’t utter a single word and was constantly thinking about yesterday conversation. She realized how unlucky she was to let go his loving husband. Slowly she could able to re-collect the all the memories, which she never thought worth

 remembering

 Her eyes were full of tear which she hides through sun glasses. Every single minute to Naugao, she has been thinking of all wrong done to Anuj. Her wrong notion about success, led to the failure of her lovely married life.

Now she envy Gayatri, who supports her husband and take up all his responsibities on her shoulder and running the family. Taking care of her Kid, Mother-in-law and cherishes all the beautiful memories which they once shared.

 She was lost in her thoughts when suddenly she realizes that they reached Naugao. The moment they all stepped out of car, it started raining heavily.

They all know as agreed, Driver has to drop them there and return back and then they had to be their own to forest.

But as it was raining, Driver asked “Madam, Are you going in forest or dropping the idea of taking Interview and returning back”

 Though it was around 1:00 PM, but it was almost getting dark. Crew member looks each other, as if they want to decide without uttering single word. And they all were sure to continue with plan.

“No, we should go back, I am dropping the idea to get into the forest for Naxal Commander ” — Meghna replied.

Everyone was in shock, as it was hard to believe that she finally decided to put off the Task assigned to her. This was probably the first time she has ever done this.

“But Madam, we can’t go back like this. What we are going to say to Sanjeev Sir? ” — Vikram responded

 ” I told , we are going back , means we are going back , I am In charge of this Task , so follow what I say , No argument ” — Meghna angrily replied

 Listening to this, they all sat back in-car and ready to go back to Raipur.

Everyone was in bit shock, because they never believe Meghna to take back step ever. They all had known her for Instant decision-making and ‘ Make it happen ‘attitude. While journey back to Raipur, She sat very quietly. She has come to a state where she wants to see Anuj as early as possible.

The only thing she wants to happen is to see her husband, hugs him, says sorry and Join his venture to give wings to his dream.

They reached to their rooms after 4 hour journey back Raipur, where they spent previous night. It was around 7:00 pm, and everyone gathered in canteen for dinner.

Though no one asked anything to Meghna, but they realized that Raining was not the only reason for her decision to come back. They all finished Dinner, and this was the time Meghna waiting to go out on Lawn and talk to Gayatri.

 She immediately went to Lawn and started roaming with the hope to see Gayatri soon.

 After some time, She approaches to Block ‘B’ and gave a shout ‘ Gayatri… Gayatri… ”

 Listening to her name, she came out from her quarter.

 “Madam Ji, you? , but I heard you and your team went to take interview of Jahangir Mir in forest area … but how come you came so early? ” — Gayatri asked

 Without saying a single word, Meghan grabbed her and hugs her. She cried hard and said

 “Thank God I met you; I am blessed to meet you at right time, before I could completely lose Anuj, You don’t know, yesterday talk opened my eyes And made me realize that love stands more powerful than any materialistic possession in the world. I had everything in the world that anyone can ask for. I even didn’t realized when I lost

 my husband in process to Achieve. He always loved me, and just had a vision to have our own firm. Where we

 both contributes to its success. But I never understood his vision, insulted him. But After meeting you I realized, that I was wrong.”

Gayatri understood everything, she hold her close and said only one thing “Madam Ji, I have no right to guide you on anything, but I always followed one advice which my mother gave.” She said , the only formula for happy married life is ‘ He do what he want , she do what he want ‘ , and these lines still stir in my ears.

Meghna took her phone number and assured to call her once everything is settled among her and Anuj.

 Next Morning, crew left to Delhi and reported at Office to Mr. Sanjeev Shukla.

 “May I know the reason for dropping the task in between?” – Sanjeev asked everyone at once

“Sir, it was raining heavily and we had no Idea about the forest region ” – Vinayak replied

 “Meghna, Is it true?”- Sanjeev raised question

 “Yes Sir… ” — Meghna replied

 Sanjeev asked everyone to leave his cabin except Meghna

 After a while

 “I didn’t expect this from you Meghna; you know we have spent 1.8 lacs to facilitate everything for this task.

 Higher management is also very upset with your move. I find it hard on my part to defend. You let us down ” -Sanjeev said in anger

 “Sir, If my one move let you down, then it is better I must leave this place, I will mail you my resignation from this job, Please approve it. I don’t want to be in a firm where one decision can ruin the reputation earned after years of hard work and commitment. Just to glorify your channel, I even scarified my personal life. Worked day and night to

 keep up the Good name. Ignored my husband completely but never Shown any recklessness at work. ” — Meghna explains

“There!! You are taking it personal. Your have personal issues which are now reflecting at your work.” Sanjeev pointed

 “Okay Sir, I will drop the resignation letter, Thank you!!” — Meghna replied

 She now left the room and drops her resignation mail to Sanjeev keeping all the required higher authority in loop.

 Meghna then gathered some courage and made a call to Anuj.

 “Yes Meghna, Tell me ” – Anuj answered

 After a pause

 “Anuj, I am sorry…. ” — Meghna started crying

 “For what, why you are crying?” – Anuj asked instantly

 “For not loving you enough, for not understanding you much, for not caring you the way you did. Please forgive me; I want to come to you. I left my Job and realized my real happiness lies with you, making your dream as my dream.

After 2-3 second- “Come back, don’t worry I was always yours and you were mine. Don’t hesitate, You know I haven’t started anything yet, because I was waiting for you to come. Tomorrow is a new morning for us ” — Anuj replied

 Meghna reached to Anuj place next morning. He opened the door and they both hugged each other.

 She again said sorry to him and they both had coffee. One conversation changed Meghna’s life and made her realize the secret of successful marriage

 “He does what he wants; she does what he wants ……. ”

–END–

