It was the late winters when the middle son of Rathore family Mayank along with wife Amrita decided to adopt a daughter. Both of them were doctors and already had a son of around 8 years named Jay . The old ones in family were against the decision of adoption and kind of threatened them to do so. Finally the day came when they started adoption process as the old one had passed out by that time and they were not going to face any such problem . Well that was what they thought . 

Roathores were living as a joint family, they had 3 children. Rajveer was the eldest son and was married to a cook book writer Janvi and had 2 children , Shari and Raghav,  Shari was more senSible and the eldest sibling of the family she had just completed her law degree and was helping her father in legal issues . Raghav was in college . 

The middle child was Mayank and he and his wife were always busy with works in hospital, they felt that probably Jay their son needs a sibling to grow and spend time together . In their hospital Samaira was borned, her mother died out of drug overdose and rest of the family was un known.  They thought samaira is the one they need and so when she turned 4 they adopted her . 

Jay was 4 years older , and also very protective of her little sister . Arista chatterjee was the only sister of Mayank and Rajveer . She used to live in the same house , as her husband was a pilot and was mostly busy, she had 2 daughters, Lily around the age of Samaira and Eva who was only 3 year old . Eva loved the company of her sister samaira.  Lily and Arista had a strained relation as she always used to get compared to Samaira by her mother . Everyone in house was happy with the arrival of Samaira. She looked like them , it was only Arista who couldn’t accept her as her neice.  

The family looked happy outside but inside it was hiding several wounds . After the death of the father and mother of the 3 , things changed not for good . They were living together but not with each other , very much like flatmates.  There dining and food places got separated and used to eat together only on ocassions .although the adults had problems they never stopped kids from playing together or sharing rooms or anything .  Mayank and amrita used to go on trips to villages for free services . 

One such night Samaira was sleeping with shari . Jay was in his room . Shari had a soft corner for samy and so they shared great bond . Jay came to their room to see if his little sister is alright . As samy had the habit of holding something tightly while sleeping so he gave samy his pillow.  They wished goodnight and did prayers and slept . Around 5 am in morning shari went out of bed to head to gym.  Samy woke up and followed her down the stairs . By the time she could say something shari was no where to seen . Samy left the house Lane and started searching for shari . After 30 minutes she realised she is lost . 

Around 6 in morning jay woke up , got dressed for school and looked for samy to have breakfast together . Little did he knew his little sister is somewhere they can not even think of .

He asked every one but no one was interested to look for her . Eventually he decided to stand for her sissy and started looking for her in every Lane of the neighbourhood.  It was still dark and little cold outside samy started feeling the fear of being alone and finally she saw the light . 

Light led her to a crowd surrounding a women dressed in police uniform bleeding from head. She had not seen blood in her lifeet of 6 years  . She fainted all of a sudden . The people around her took to a near tea stall and tried to wake her up . She opened her eyes to a man with a blanket around his body . He asked her where are you from girl ? Do you need help or anything.  She asked him the way to rathore villa and the person showed her the lane that goes straight to her house . She again went on the trip to find home . 

In the way  sun shined and she saw her brother looking for her sissy.  As she saw him she started crying and gave him a tight hug .

That day the story started of dada (big brother ) and her sissy . 

Future had tons of thing stored for them ……………..

–END–

 

