Family Short Story – Rise UP

Photo credit: 

 from 

 This story is a fiction so if any name,place or incident occurs at any of your life then, its just the author’s imagination or coincidence. Thank you for reading my story in advance!

 Rise Up and be the best you can be because your world is waiting for YOU – 

———

“Take care Honey” said Mrs.Emily Vincent to her husband.

Mr.Vincent told, “You too” with a wide smile.

Things never changed in their love, care, smile, ever since three years together and one and half years of their successful marriage life. Everyday when Emily sends off her husband to business they use to have a look at a kid, living next to them named ‘Edward’ playing with sand and trying to make his own house. Today, when they saw Edward busy in making top roof of his little house Emily was so happy that he finally made it to another level. But, suddenly his whole sand house fell down.

Emily said, “Ouch! It falls again” and she became upset.

“Don’t worry! One day or the other he will make it.” said Mr.Vincent to her wife. They both smiled each other and Vincent departed from his house to office. One month later, Everything went well in their relationship until Mr.Vincent’s drowned upside to the greedy affair of his new business deals. He signed a new deal to invest for which he lend his own house to make a double profit in his new business. Emily isn’t satisfied with his new idea and she warned him many times. But his lavish expenses made his eyes blurred. After one month, he met a severe loss in his business and lost everything he had. And all the money lender warned him to repay their amount. The dead line made him in to a monster.

He then became addicted to liquor and started to hurt Emily daily whenever he comes home. Mr.Vincent became arrogant so nobody offers him a job and because of his bad habits he never tried to make an another way for his business. Emily use to pray daily to GOD that, “Mr.Vincent shouldn’t be punished for his sin” But he became even more worse than before. Emily daily bandage her wounds and one day she became so frustrated. She can’t assimilate the agitation of Mr.Vincent so she decided to commit suicide. When Mr.Vincent arrives home being drunk, he shouted :

“Emily ??”

No response. He searched everywhere and yelled,” Where are you Idiot? You cannot go anywhere from this monster! Come out!”

But she is no where. Slowly, his tension accelerated to fear.

“I’m dying here and you are so happy in going out?” He shouted again and smashed the tables, chairs,..

Later, He seated on the couch shouting her name loudly. Then, a man from his next house came to him and said, ” Emily died today morning. Doctor told that she took excess of sleeping pills.”

He became frozen and silent for a while. He don’t know how to react on her death, he felt ashamed of himself for his own wife’s death. For a couple of minutes he reminisce about the memories of their life. His tears started to overflow when he sensed that his wife is no more to look after him.

“I made a sin Emily.” He said in tears.

“I should have listened to you my love. where are you now? I-I’m so cruel and I deserve this.” He stammered.

He blabbered, “Please come back sweet heart. Please! I promise that I’ll never hurt you.”

Then someone hold his shoulder from behind. He turned and shocked to see  ‘Emily standing before her’.

For a second, his eyes can’t believe that she really came back?! He touched her for she is real? And “YES” she is alive but he is so confused that how can a person come back after death?! He asked,”How?”

She told,” I truly went to commit suicide but something changed my mind and I thought that If I’m not here for you then who will look after you? At the same time I guessed that this drama will recreate your life.”

“Oh Emily! I’m so happy that you came back to me and you scared me a lot. But I apologize you for I’m being rude.”

“Neither your bad habits hurt me nor your beatings worried me. I only scared that my husband will never raise UP in his life ever after.?” she said and looked in to his eyes.

He is speechless for her love. She then said,” Everyone fell down in their life but that doesn’t mean they are incapable of raising up. One day or the other you should keep trying like our Edward. Sometimes kids are the best role model to elders.”

“That’s true Indeed!” He said by holding her hands.

She said,” I hope you understood the missingness of a person whom you love?!”

“Very!” He said.

Two months later, Mr.Vincent started a small business and by his hard work he settled all his problems. He is now became a generous person and a lovable husband to his wife. When one day, Emily came out too see Edward she found that he is missing. But all of a sudden she became so happy and her eyes became widened to see a ‘beautiful sand house in Edward’s Garden.” She called her husband to have a look at it. Mr.Vincent told,”Clever boy.”

__END__

 

