Cooking and Washing has become the bored part of my life

Photo credit: 

 from 

He had a very bad day at work….

hey dear relax, grab the tea let’s go for a walk….Look the lake has melted,the frozen layers are almost gone..looks like the apartment people have started the fountain too..what a wonderful view!!..come dear let’s have a selfie!!!wow nice picture honey.”

“Let’s go to the park for sometime,smrithi will  enjoy.”

“hmm sometime later honey, have lots to do,”

“come on relax yourself…..Here she goes

“come on baby slide slide..now for the swing”,

“wow she’s so happy what a lovely scene take a video..all happy now..okay dear lets go back home..”

Oh my god have a lot of vessels to wash..what do I cook tonight…feeling very bad to begin..ok let’s check some videos online…wow the lasagne , how lovely that advertisement is mouth licking..Dear can we order food online today..home delivery..

No honey boss has given me lots of work moreover chessy foods are never my choice. I took you to the restaurant last weekend so come on tell me,what was your dinner plan in your chart?????

Chappathi and paneer makhni…but it’s too late dear and I will take almost forty minutes to cook..it’s almost Friday now please let’s buy out…Hmmm ok you do it for me and smrithi..You’ll buy for me dear?okay!

(During the cooking session)

The makhni smells good honey…you too have the same dinner today…Don’t fool me dear,I saw you on the system,you’re gonna surprise me.No honey you cook and we eat.

“Please dear cooking and Washing vessels have become the worst part of my life”.,hmmm now skip this and finish your cooking…The Combination is really nice honey,come on we shall eat together..No dear I’m still waiting for my surprise,from you..Come on honey  no comedies..I have not ordered anything.What????I’m really bored…why do you this, you never knew what makes me happy or never have given a surprise..why do you behave like this dear…I’m really hurt.

Oh!!when it the walking or the park or the lake you were happy, now what, nowadays kitchen or your cooking makes you bored,LOVE WHAT YOU DO FIRST! honey…

What were your words??dear!!!cooking,washing vessels makes me bored but I try new recipes almost everyday ,I give you the best I can….but you never praise me, never surprise me or never understood me..you always want to eat at home…just give me break man..I take care of our kid, play with her, make you both happy, watch movies,TV shows,come on man these happen again and again nothing new and nothing interesting..yet you feel I don’t love what I do..STOP IT.

(Both goes to sleep)

God I really feel bad if I talk about this again it becomes a fight , so from now on I would never ever ask my dear for a food outside I’ll end this up.

Girl cries silently

__END__

Swetha

