 If a child is born today, he/she is christened the same day of the next week.

People come together and rejoice with them, people with different dresses and complexion in diverse styles walking in and out of the house to see the baby and bless the parents with prayers and money.

It was not different on the day Ariyo was christened. It was said that she has the head that invites a lot of people to party as the population was high.

Thank God Mr. & Mrs. Oluwajoba had planned the party more than the ballpark figure if not, they could have been disgraced that day.

Gifts were presented to the family and Pastors came to consecrate the child in their house after which was merriment till night fell.

“Dear, how far…how much were we given?” Ola asked his wife who was tired and retired to bed looking at Ola as he spoke.

“Whose money? I was given money to cater for my kids, I wouldn’t know if anyone dropped money for you” Sheun replied as she undressed herself.

“Sheun darling, don’t do this to your husband, you know he loves you” Ola cajoled Sheun to share him part of the money.

“It is when you need money that you’re always behaving nice” she smiled as she dipped her hands into her purse and started counting.

Ola smiled broadly as he saw Sheun poured out the cash in her purse and another from a polyethylene bag. “That was why I deliberately directed all my guests to offer you the gift”

Sheun counted the money to be four hundred thousand naira

“Ola, this is amazing, this is four hundred thousand, this child is really glorious” she said as she weighed the cash.

“I knew this from long, you know, she inherited that from me” Ola said teasingly. Sheun stared at Ola from head to toe and hissed hysterically.

Ola smiled as he realized Sheun was taking the issue to the other side “I was joking dear, don’t mind me” he patted her by her back.

This couple loved each other so much as this was their third child. People envied the kind of relationship they were into.

They are examples which other singles looked up to and wish to have.

*

Sheun woke up very early one morning to tidy for her family. She wakes up 6am every morning but it was bit different this morning. She said her prayers silently and went to the kitchen to prepare the breakfast. After that, she went to the kids’ room to wake them up.

“Moyin, Ayobami…wake up its high you had your bath” she said as she swiped the cover clothes off their body.

“Mummy, the bell rang faster than its time, I need more sleep” Ayobami struggled to rise from his bed and leaned to the wall as he picks his nose.

Sheun who was holding the knob to the door, looked back and noticed Moyin was still sleeping “Moyin! Look at you, a doctor that loves to sleep all the time” Sheun screamed at Moyin, the eldest daughter of the family.

“Mummy, I’m not yet a doctor more so, dad is an engineer and yet he is still sleeping, I’d better change to his profession” Moyin retorted as she walked to the bathroom.

Sheun smiled as she stood and watched Moyin reply her. She had those kids to make her talk every single minute even when she doesn’t want to.

“Moyin, let me go have my bath first before you start singing for Africa inside the bathroom” Ayobami said as he unbuttoned his shirts.

“You aren’t referring to me. Are you?” Moyin asked as she was patiently waiting to hear her response.

“No, you don’t like singing for Africa right? But you can rehearse a million album in that rest room….its crazy mhen” Ayobami replied mockingly.

“Keep quiet! Haven’t I warned you not to hurl abusive words again…Moyin, get into the bathroom” Sheun bellowed.

Half past Six, Ola had freshened and dressed up; he strolled to the dinning to take his breakfast which had been made ready.

After the light breakfast…

“Darling, I’m off to work” Ola carried his laptop bag and headed towards the foyer door.

“Ola, are you leaving?” she said childishly as Ola turned back and went to hug Sheun before he left the home.

The kids also went off to school so the home was left with Sheun alone. She did some little cleaning and freshened up to get some stocks from the market.

The family schedule has been so usual and moderate as love grew wings daily and encompassing them.

No matter how clear the sky, there is always a bit of spots in it………

-_-

(Stay Connected for more Episodes)

