Family Story – Alienated

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Are you okay?” I screamed out of panic as I saw him open the front door.

 “Yes I’m fine” he replied, sweat raced down to his cheek from his forehead. “We need to call the police” he sounded grave.

 I could hear sobbing behind the door to the other room, Ana tried to peep out through the crevice, her eyes filled with tears. I looked at the clock that struck eleven.

 “It’s alright honey!” I spoke up looking back to my husband. “We don’t want our children all the more frightened, do we?” I placed my palm on his cheek, wiping the sweat. I looked into his eyes trying to make him understand. He looked away “Do you realize what has just happened to me is nothing so general! You could have lost me,” he just could not retain his calm “You make the kids sleep, Rameesh would be here in twenty minutes and we’ll leave for the police station then.”

 “So you say, you were on your way for your night shift when you were attacked by these unrecognized people with covered faces, who pointed a pistol and threatened you to stop.” The inspector said summing up the facts “and if you may tell how you managed to escape?”

 “I turned about the vehicle and ran at full speed, left it at the grinding mill and hid there till I felt it was safe to show up, that was the time I called up Nisha” he got his statement recorded.

 “It may be a case of loot then, how are you so sure they wanted to kill you Mr. Vishwas?” he interrogated back.

 “No, it’s not loot, I can say it for sure, I’ve been threatened for murder,” he broke off. I held his hand.

 “Okay sir, I’ve recorded all the details, you go home and sleep safe. We’ll take care of all security don’t you worry.” The inspector reassured Vishwas patting his shoulder.

Back at home, I just could not fall asleep. Everything seemed fine but I was too close to the shock of losing my husband and getting over it was not easy. I sat near the window, and saw them all sleep, my family! It was hard to believe the attack was an attempt of my husband’s very own brother. My mind flew through the times and memories filled my mind. We lived together all of us, we had been a happy family. With the years I could realize the growing strain between relations. I had seen them together; there was optimum love and respect required for any healthy attachment. My mind was too boggled with thoughts.May be that is the way it goes, maybe priorities for lives have changed over time, maybe money is all one needs. I never know where it turned wrong, but I just loved the way when it was right, and I could give any amount to have those relations back. Thinking all this I closed the window of possibilities and slept hugging the half of the family I was left with.

__END__

