Family Story – The Mystery of the Man on Boat

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“ Rush, hurry!, you’re slower than turtle moves! You’ve just moved hastily when table for dinner is ready. You’re good at nothing but swallowing food!” , the man on boat yelled to his family.

This often be the scenario of that family when the bread winner docked his boat every  morning when the sun shines every sea creatures in that sea coast. While other fishing boats were met by families joyfully with all the heartfelt gratitude for the day’s catch, here’s the man ceaselessly cursed the world for the family he had been blessed.

The man on boat had other work other than a fisher. He toiled at day time as factory worker while doubled his energy for the night to fished for his additional income.

“I need to augment my income for my liquor, cigarettes and my family” He said to himself. None from his family urged to halt him. He was the figure of crown, power, law and obedience.  He felt the triumph of knowing he was followed and bowed by  his family. His crown lingered every slits and slats of the dwelling. He enjoyed all the peace of being the crowned. All subjects had to fear and followed his echo. He was served, deserved and respected. Even the hair of his heir had to hear his breathe.

That’s for years, many years, till his entourage got older. However, none of them made move to defy him. Even his health began to shrink, his shadow silhouetted scary moves trembling all the dust away. He still had to do his routine work.  When he failed to report to factory, he had other job foe his leisure. He loved to fish at all cost. He loved to be known as fisher in the place getting all the catch in all his might.

Then, one day he never returned home.  His family members sought after him. Day and night they had explored  the seacoast, the wide blue sea but in vain. With all those unhappy and fearful moments with him, they longed to see him. They’re used to his mandate, his atmosphere recoiled every member of his little kingdom and that terrified time was intermingling their entities  and became part of their whole.

Every morning, the king’s entourage brought their paces at the sea cost hoping they could see, hear and witness any sign of him. Something missing them entirely.  Then, one man appeared.

A man approached them. His narration broke all the mystery of the family. He had seen their man on boat, swam deeply to fish that big fishes on other net. Tied such fishes on his belly.  After such he lost sight of him.

“Madam, look, the boat!”, a shocking voice from someone cut their solitude of sorrow. Instantly , everyone watched the lone boat sailed in the peaceful sea. The family rushed, hurry and met the boat. This time, no one shouted at them. No one curse them. But, the family missed the echo of his forceful voice. They became music to them.  Tears filled their cheek. He was still the man on his boat.

__END__

