Family Short Story – THE DAY AT THE BEACH

Photo credit: 

 from 

Finally! The day has arrived for our family’s day at the beach. My parents have been planning our family excursion to the beach ever since the summer holidays had started. Of course, I’ve been very elated when my parents had made the announcement that we were going to the beach this Sunday coming. So last Friday evening, my dad took some time off early from work so that he, mom and I can go to the grocery store and purchase everything that we are going to need on our trip to the beach on Sunday.

There were so many things that we had bought for our family day at the beach, like snacks and refreshments and meats and rice and so the list goes on. Now that the day had finally arrived, I was ready to spend a wonderful time with my parents at the beach. On Sunday morning, my mom and dad had been busy cooking the food in the kitchen while I helped packed the refreshments in a large cooler box with ice.

By the time my parents had finished preparing the food, they had packed it into a large box with plates and spoons and forks. Then we had started packing everything into our family caravan. Soon, in the next hour, we were driving through the main road, and we were on our way to the beach, which is actually my favorite place in the world so far.

The sea water was blue and beautiful as it sparkles in the warm sun. There were a few people here and there on the beach. Some were busy playing cricket, while a few kids were building sand castles just for fun. There were at least three or six people for the most, already bathing in the clear, blue sea water. By the time, we had gotten out from the caravan, I was already excited to go into the water and enjoy a fine sea bath. My mom had seemed to have read my mind so she told me that’s it lunch first, and then we all can go into the water.

The food was incredibly delicious. Baked chicken, lasagna, egg salad and shepherd pie, it was truly an amazing meal that I’ve ever eaten so far. Then I drank some iced cold lemon lime juice to wash it down. Well, I have to say that I was already enjoying our family day at the beach so far. After that incredible lunch, my parents and I relaxed like for half an hour until it was officially time to have some real fun. We all ran into the sea water and dived in. The water was cool and wonderful that we stayed there until it was time for us to pack up and go home.

It was five o’clock that evening when we all had packed up our belongings and put them back into our family caravan. As I sat in the back seat of the caravan, I looked out of the window to have a quick look at the clear blue sea water one more before we drove off. I can see that sun was already setting above the horizon of the ocean. But I know that some other again, we shall return to enjoy another family day at the beach.

__END__

