Short Story Family – Search for serenity

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a dull rainy day, lightning piercing through the sky like a dagger and yet there was a sense of serenity in the atmosphere. The land was covered in lush thick greenery like a carpet and the plants were moving so gracefully as if they were dancing to an enchanted melody. Amidst this beautiful scene there was a boy sitting alone in front of a pond throwing pebbles into it. His name is Peter. He lost his parents when he was just 3 years old and now he is 17 years old. After his parents passed away he became very close to grandparents as they practically raised him. Peter’s Grandma Linda was cooking food in the kitchen and all of her sudden she got a glimpse of a boy sitting outside near the pond area.  She realized it was Peter. She paused for a moment, put the spatula down, and stood near the kitchen window and stared at him with a sense of worry.

“John, John come here for a moment” Linda said

“what is it?” John asked

“Please come here honey” Linda said

“Ok coming” replied john

“What happen Linda Why did ya call me?” John asked

“ Look outside the window john” Linda said

“ what’s there to look at?” John asked

He looked out through the window and again turned back to Linda.

“ well I don’t see anything special” John replied sarcastically.

“ I am talking about peter. Look at him he is all alone sitting there and he does not seem to be quite happy. I am worried about him John. He has not been quite himself lately. May be you should go talk to him”. Linda said in a worried tone”.

“Come on Linda stop worrying he is just a kid. There is nothing wrong with him. And besides you know kids of his age have stuffs going inside their teenage head. So don’t worry. He’ll be fine” John replied and rubbed Linda’s tender shoulders with care.

But She was not convinced by John’s words.

“ Please John do it for me, please. Go talk to him. He needs you”. said Linda and tears started to slowly come out of her wrinkled and delicate aged eyes.

At this time John could feel her deepened emotions and the motherly love that any mother would have for her child and he could see the same emotion on her face that he saw many years back when their son was alive. He couldn’t say no anymore.

He hugged her, wiped her tears and said “ Please don’t cry. Ok I’ll go talk to our grandson. Now please stop crying. You know I can’t see you like this”.

After the emotional conversation with Linda ended he kissed her on her soft and tender cheer, put on his hat and walked out the front door. He started taking his steps towards his grandson and stop behind him.

“ Is everything alright kido?” John asked.

Peter turned his head and saw his old man standing with his ridiculous classic hat behind him.

“ Hey grandpa yeah everything’s ok” peter replied.

” Okkk, well that doesn’t sound good enough”.

“Can I join you?” asked John

“yeah sure” Peter replied

“You know your grandma is worried about you. She mentioned that you are not quietly yourself lately. What happen kiddo? Is there something bothering you? You know You can talk to your old man. Talk to me it may ease you mind”. John said in a casual and friendly tone.

Peter stared at his old man and hesitantly asked. “ Can I ask you something grandpa?”

“Sure kido I thought you would never ask.” John said and put his hand over his grandson’s shoulder with a friendly nudge.

“ I know it sounds kinda weird for a kid of my age to ask, but I can’t help it. What is the meaning of life grandpa?”

“A kid of your age asking what life is all about that is strange.  Look I am not priest, saint or anything. I’ll tell you what I know from my experience. Life means different things to different people. For some people money is life and for other its”.

“I have seen people who have spent their entire life running after making money and other unwanted things and after some years passed by and when they finally stopped and looked back there was nothing left but misery and loneliness.

Its all about being yourself and not pretending to be something that you aren’t.

Do you know my true life started when I met your grandmother, fell in love with her and eventually ended up marrying her. For me that was life. And after few years when your Grandma gave birth to my son, your father. I held him in my arms for the first time and that was an experience for me in my life.

Son follow your heart, don’t let anyone tell you what you can’t do. Just do what brings happiness to your heart as long as you don’t loose yourself to it and hurt people that care about you the most. Any ways you are just 17. Don’t worry about it, you still got a long way to go.

But remember be yourself… just be yourself”.

John looked up at the sky and said “ Lets go inside before it starts to rain heavily. Lets go inside have eat before the food gets cold”.

They both stood up and started walking towards the house.

As they move towards the house their voice slowly started to fade away.

“Hey kid did I tell you about the girls I dated before I met your Grandma”. John said

“ How many?” Peter asked out of curiosity.

“ May be 2,3 or 6 don’t remember exactly”

“Does grandma know about it?” Peter asked jokingly

“Nope and don’t tell her or else I am dead” John replied light heartedly

“ Cool. Wait till I tell Grandma about this” said Peter.

“ come on man don’t do this to you r old man, please”.

“Ohh ok I won’t but you got to promise me you’ll but me ice cream after eating”, said Peter

“ Ahhh that’s my boy. Love you kido”. Said John and kissed his Grandson with compassion.

“Love you too grandpa” replied Peter.

They opened the door and happily entered the house.

__END__

 

