Family Short Story – Saga of Survi Sharma

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

EVERY weekend in the evening, I along with my friend Sunil go to the nearby society park to spend some quality time for discussion on routine topics. Last weekend also, we started with normal walk in the park. Sunil was bit annoyed with public administration. He started pointing out towards the lamp post where lamps were not functioning properly. Then he pointed towards the entry of street dogs in the park. Sensing his mood, I asked him that we can sit and discuss it out. We found a vacant bench at the side of the park from where we could see whole of the park. We headed towards the bench and started out discussion. He began discussing about the hike in vegetable prices in the area. Sunil added that the quality of vegetables in our area in also deteriorating these days.

During our discussion, a lady came and sat near me on the bench. After some time, she also joined our discussion. I could understand that she is a new person in the park. She had curves on her face that pointed out her experiences and her rigid face gave ample indications of her tough life.

Just then a little girl came up to her and inquired “Granny, can I play with that girl in the park?”

The lady nodded in approval and the little kid felt overjoyed with approval. She immediately took her doll from the lady and rushed to the newly found friend of her. The lady then addressed to us that she is new to the colony and the little girl is her grand-daughter. She then pointed towards the main gate of the park and said that they lived in the house opposite to the gate. We informed her that we live in the adjoining lane.

During our conversation, I could gauge pain on her face and in her speech. I inquired about her family and she told us that she is widow and is now living with his son Rakesh’s family and her name was Smt. Survi Sharma.

Just then Sunil’s mobile phone rang and he pointed out that it was a call from his family. After completing his conversation on mobile phone, he pointed out that we need to move back as some guest had arrived at home. We bid goodbye to the lady and left the park.

Yesterday being Sunday, Sunil had left for shopping with his family, so I headed alone to the society park for a change in the open space. I was heading to the corner bench when to my utter surprise, I saw Smt. Survi Sharma sitting on the corner bench of the park. We wished each other. She was feeling sad today. On inquiry, she pointed out that today is her son Anil’s birthday and she is very much missing her son today. On further inquiry, she began to reveal about his son Anil.

Anil was a brave boy and always wished to join the Indian Army. After his graduation, he sat for Combined Defense Services (CDS) examination and cleared it. He felt very happy when his joining letter came from the Army. His first posting was in Pune, a peace station. He had to report in next 15 days. Anil packed his luggage and booked his tickets. We all went to see him off at the railway station.

Anil used to ring us on Sunday, being his holiday. He was enjoying his new life in Army. Eleven months later, one fine day his unit was directed to report on duty at Punjab. Punjab was very tense these days due to communal tension. Add to it, neighbouring country was adding fuel to it by way of training and sending across militants. Somehow situation came in control of the administration.

One year passed on and we rang him and insisted that he should come over to home on a leave. Accordingly, he applied for leave and it got approved. Meanwhile, he had applied for further studies and it also got approved. His commanding officer directed him to report at Pune for further studies after a month’s leave.

It was a celebration time at home. Anil was coming home after one year. Tears almost rolled out of my eyes when Anil came home in full uniform. He had brought gifts for all of us and started impressing us all with his anecdotes in Jammu. He had brought a special red pashmina shawl for me. It had a nice border and a shape of walnut on its edges and a flower in the middle. He had also been to Vaishno Devi temple in Jammu and had brought prasad for the family.  Anil was always religious at heart and never missed to visit a local deity.

It was a party time at home and every day a new dish for enjoyed at the dining table. I was very happy that both my sons Anil and Rakesh are before my eyes and I cherished every moment of it.

Suddenly, one day I suggested Anil that we should start looking for his marriage. But Anil requested to wait for some two years. He added that he wanted to complete the course and then settle down.

Well, these 30 days just vanished and he started to roll his baggage for Pune.  With heavy heart, we parted with a promise that we will meet again soon.

Anil was very busy in his studies and would occasionally miss to ring us. So we made a point to ring him every Sunday morning. Suddenly one of our relative was going to Pune to see his son and I and his father also joined the bandwagon to meet Anil. Anil was very surprised to see us in Pune. We had booked a hotel room near Anil’s unit. Every evening, Anil used to join us for tea. We spent some five days there and headed back to our home. At the departure time, Anil’s eyes were moist but I consoled him that his studies will be over in next nine months and he should come home first before joining his unit back.

Nine months passed but Anil never turned up at home. He was directed to report on duty immediately as militants had set a target to attack Ludhiana city. He joined the unit as a Major after completing his training.

During one encounter with militants, he tried to save the life of a fellow officer who was trapped in the gun fire. Though he managed to pull the officer and take him to nearest safe area, one of the bullet hit him and he collapsed in the safe area. The Army immediately took him to the medical unit but he was declared brought as dead.

I was feeling very tense since morning when a phone call from Army informed us about the demise of Anil. My husband himself an Army Officer who received the call had a severe heart attack. Rakesh immediately attended the call and we came to know about the fateful day. We rushed his father to the hospital with all our grief. My husband could not bear the loss of Anil and he also left us after a week. It was a devastating week when two members of our family had left us. Now apart from me only Rakesh was left in the family.

That whole month went in mourning. In order to divert our attention, our relatives suggested me to marry Rakesh so that at least our mind could change.

Anyhow after a year, Rakesh got married in a simple ceremony. Her wife Anjali is a homely girl and has made our life easy.  Five years back, Anjali was blessed with a doll and we felt overjoyed on her entry in our home.

This year Rakesh got a promotion and was transferred to Pune. Pune is known to me because of Anil. This morning I went to the nearby army unit to distribute sweets on behalf of Anil. Every Sunday I go to the places where I used to meet Anil to satisfy the urge of motherhood in me.

__END__

