Dad, in you I see the effortless commitment of immense love and care…….

From taking her first step as a baby to kanyadhan within the wedding  mandap, a beloved girl remembers the man who molded her to be what she  is today.

 Dearest Pa,

 Writing a letter in today’s times appears to be slightly quaint how  penning down words seem easier  either due  to loss of words or failing  to find the time or place to tell you how much you mean to me. No number  of words are enough to express my feelings for you Pa; but all I can  tell you is my love for you is everlasting, sincere, and genuine.  In  this special letter, Pa, you’ll find, at least in part, the feelings  that the passing years have left in my heart. They are the fond memories  of my childhood days and all that you did to make my growing up years  fun and meaningful in our happy home.

 I always feel and have felt your ceaseless presence in my life—the days,  weeks and years during which you have fathered me like a rhythmic and  steady heart beat, never ever missing a beat. Several are the roles you  have played –that of a play companion, hero and mentor. How can I ever  forget our long walks together, those confidential chats and the card  games we played together, which was nothing but fun. You never use to  voice your feelings that easily like Ma and never chaperoned me from one  class to another but yet I could always feel your influence and strong  presence next to me. 

I now realize the true breadth and depth of your  presence and I relive the moments for which you were there, no matter  the sacrifice of work, leisure, or sleep. My love for you will never  cease as the immense comfort; the invaluable guidance and constant  encouragement that I have received from you throughout my growing up  years has made me a woman having a standing in society today.

 You are  not only my dad but my mentor and best friend too. You are my rock and  my role model. I know I can always count on you in every ugly situation I  get into.  Though you display a tough exterior devoid of emotions, I  now realize that it your way to discipline me.

 Now I am in that stage of life wherein I am able to visualise reasons  for your being strict with me at times and understand that it was all  for my  own good. I no doubt used to feel very upset those days. It is  only because of you that I can now judge what is good or bad for me.   

You are responsible for laying a strong foundation in my life for which I  will be ever grateful. The manner in which you have way you have always  encouraged and motivated me, and guided me through the ups and downs of  my journey is truly remarkable. If not for your guidance I will be like  a ship without a sail.  I remember with tears brimming in my eyes the  umpteen numbers of things that I have broken and that which you had  mended with a smile on your face; the books you read aloud and the meals  we shared.  

I have countless father-daughter memories to cherish for a  lifetime and I am thankful to you for all those memories and the time which we spent together, which always proved to be an unforgettable  experience. These memories are deeply etched in my heart.

 It feels as though it was just yesterday and I remember your taking me  to shop for a car when I was in the university. Somehow I thought this  would be a long and careful process, but on the first lot, we found a  car that we both liked and after a test drive, your words still echo in  my ears, “What say you my little girl? “

On seeing me nodding my head,  immediately you uttered,” We will go ahead and buy it, are you happy?”  

Truthfully, I didn’t feel ready, and I had no idea how the process even  worked, but you walked me through it and by the end of that day, I had a  car of my own and the freedom to match. The message was, “Leap, little  girl. You are lot more ready for this step than what you think.”

Few years later, you accompanied me to the shaadi mandap, squeezed my  hand and blinked back tears and you couldn’t say a word. I could read  your mind and heard your inner voice telling me, “My princess it’s time  to start your family. My love for you is immeasurable. I love you sweet  heart.”

Pa, you always goaded me to work hard and never give up till I attained  my goal.  I am now following your words diligently. I now realize that  behind every great daughter is a wonderful father like you! Your  tremendous belief in my capabilities and potential is like tonic for me  every single day. On turning back the clock and visualizing all those  wonderful moments that I spent with you, I fully understand that life  could not have been more than what it is today. I see in you a robust  man of conviction. I am trying my best to follow your footsteps and  emulate some characteristics of yours so I can be a role model to others  as you are to me. The one man that always encouraged me to reach for  the stars is you.

Your immense faith and utter confidence in my abilities, and your  unswerving support have removed several obstacles in my life. And there  are many more mountains left to move. So do not think even for a moment  that your job is done! No words are enough to express my thanks for your  unstinted support and constant love that you have showered on me all  these years. It means a world to me. You never have and will, I am sure,  stop playing your part of being an excellent Dad. I need you more than  ever. Thank you Dad, for lifting me when my spirits are low and for  providing me wings to fly.

You will forever be God’s best gift to me. With the passing of time and  age advancing by the day, I know for sure that whatever my age, I will  always be your little princess.

 Love you to the moon and back,

 Always your little princess,

 Gudiya

–END–

