Family Short Story – MY MOTHER MY LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 5 am when i wale up due to minor pain in my stomache.

 I just get up and had plenty of water as i thought it would b a normal pain.

 But 15 minutes later it made me suffer the worst.

 I started moaning.

 The noise was not loud but my mum(mother) woke up,as she cares a lot, and asked me to come to her.

 I went because i knew that my every problem get a solution when i m with my mum.

 She called me,and i just started crying keeping my head on my mother’s foots.

 She got worried.

 So that day she sent me to a private doctor to take medicine with my brother.

 Doctor gave me a injection and some tablets and now i was feeling better.

 That whole day mum was in tension about me.

 So after that i was feeling better.

 But around 11 pm that day i again felt some pain in the right side of my stomache and it went on increasing i however tried to control so that this night she could sleep tension free but she found me crying of pain and then i told her about pain.

 She again got worried even my father war not here with us.

 We spent the whole night sitting-both crying.

 Early morning she told me to get ready we must go to the hospital.

 I did.i also was worried.

 So we went to hospital and there we got to know that it was appendicitis and it needs to be operated.

 My mum started crying.

 Even my father was not here so we were extremely tensed about what to do next.

 Mum got depressed.

 I was also afraid. But i had to pretend strong so that she wouldn’t get faint.

 So i tried and told her its normal and convinced not to worry.

 But mothers, have heart only for child.

 As she was crying the people around me started looking at me and her.

 So i tried to make her laugh.

 I said to her that the people around me would b thinking that the young must have beaten his mom thats why she is crying.

 She laughed and huged me.

 And told me that don’t pretend to be strong i know you are more tensed than me.

 I would not like to even remember that moment in which i saw my mum crying.

 After i had operation and it went well my mother cried whole the time when i was in operation theater.

 And stood the 7 days i was admit in hospital without caring of her sleep,hunger,even she went home only two times that week.

 Really my mother is like my god.

 She is everything to me.

 I am nothing without her.

 I love my mum and

 MY MOTHER-MY LIFE

__END__

