This weekend I should sort things out. Makes mental plan for the weekend

Clean R’s Wardrobe

Clean kitchen shelves

Make good breakfast for family

Go for Pedicure

Go to temple

Buy and chop vegetables for whole week

STUDY for exams

 …..

I’ll make sure I complete everything this weekend.

 

Me: R ….mummy needs this tava for making Dosa give it back.

R cries as if a severe injustice has been done to him. How dare mummy takes back the non stick tava that he was banging on floor with? Nooooo…

It takes me another fifteen minutes to pacify him.

Family sits for dinner. R sits in his booster chair self feeding the dosa. A happy mom starts talking to her husband about her day. But no ….R is throwing Dosa in floor all around him.

Me: R I know you love dosa. Here don’t throw it on floor…

R looks at me as if I’m a deranged moron and starts aiming for curd bowl that his dad is holding.

Hubby: I think he wants curd better give him what he wants.

R self-feeds curd. I don’t know how Lord Krishna appears cute eating all butter making a mess only in face. But when R eats curd the whole dining table, booster chair, his clothes, his feet and everything in the near visibility is coated with curd.

It takes the tired mommy another 30 mins to clean him. R sleeps after throwing two more tantrums and the clock shows 10.30. It has been a long day.

It’s only 5.30 let me wake up by six and start the day.

I open the eyes to see seven’o clock. I hastily make coffee and when I’m about to take a sip of filter coffee R wakes up with a scream.

By the time mom and R hugged n number of times, coffee is cold. Mom makes another round of coffee and asks hubby what to cook for breakfast.

The family finished breakfast with minimum incidents. Mummy leaves R to dad and tries to clean his wardrobe. Mom starts humming a song and feels positive.

Amma Amma… comes R shouting. Why is that kids cannot play with cute stacking rings but loves when folded clothes are stacked. Clothes are thrown everywhere in the room.

R starts crying his lungs out when mom takes away the new romper he was making a ball with.

Where is hubby in this? He was supposed to take care of R..oh yeah he started sleeping…

Thus goes my weekend……

Another weekend but nothing is done from task list. But it was well spent with R playing peekaboo, reading every single book twenty times, teaching him new words being kissed by him and sleeping cuddled next to him.

Moms may have messy homes but wonderful memories. Grow up slow R with you days may be long, but years are short.

–END–

