Someone said it well,

“We are too weak to discover the truth by reason alone.”

Life is the toughest creation of god. There are times in life when you have to face all the problems all alone.

What would you do when you are on a crossroad and you have to make a choice between two paths? The first one, choose to give up on your dreams and live a reserved life or the second one, to fulfill your dreams and accept the hardships that come along with the decision.

A guy with dreams in his heart and hope shinning in his eyes ended up in the exact situation.  His name was Ammy and for the person he was, he decided to follow his dreams at the stake of his comfort. He was satisfied and happy about his choice as that choice turned out to be a significant change in his life.

17 august the day Ammy was born. Our first cry –“the only time we cry and our loved ones are happy about it”. But for Ammy’s family this happiness was short termed as the day he opened his eyes was the day his mother closed her eyes forever. A sense of happiness and sadness both was waving in the family.

Few years later his father married another woman, so that they could hide the past from Ammy. And they were successful in hiding the fact from Ammy. Everything was going smoothly. Ammy was dearest to everyone. Each and every member of the family loved him. But, this was not it a twist rather a tragedy was waiting for Ammy and his family.

Ammy was 6 year old then, he had a nightmare about his grandfather. He saw that his grandfather was sleeping in white clothes and was surrounded by everyone. He told his family about his dream. Watching him panic his family calmed him. 2 days later his grandfather dropped him to school and while returning he met with an accident. Unfortunately, Ammy witnessed the accident but was too small to process what happened.

After the incident Ammy’s father shifted him to another school as going to the same school might remind him of the accident. Ammy was happy with his new school and people over there. He was improving his skills and learning a lot of new things. He got many opportunities in various fields. He participated in sports like tennis, badminton and football but was not interested in any of them. Once when Ammy was playing tennis his tennis coach asked him to join personal coaching but Ammy denied due to his lack of interest.

As his father forced him to join tennis coaching, ammy joined it. But he was not interested at first but gradually he developed interest in tennis. One fine day everything changed, he started working really hard. He used to go early morning at 7 and returned at night by 8. Ammy poured his heart and soul in his game and started playing state level and received many awards. Soon he was selected for nationals. He started playing for nationals when he was in 8th. But he had to take a break from tennis for 6 months as his father faced some financial problems.

Ammy’s father dreamt that his son should reach at heights in tennis so he worked hard and summed up enough money so that Ammy could rejoin his coaching. Ammy started going for tours and tournaments. He was under consideration from his very first tournament as he bet the top ranked players. This consideration turned out to be a blessing for him as he became a rising player of India. He made a record of being the first player from Gujarat to reach finals in Mumbai. He was a player in demand by all coaches. He started receiving sponsors from many companies. He received many awards and was awarded the best performance in national level that year and the rising star of the year award. He became emotional and dedicated award to his dad as a sign of gratitude for helping him for making his dream come true.

His life was perfect but a twist was waiting for him. One day just before his match he came to know about the incident that took place on the day he was born. He was shocked to core but he managed to complete his match. Later, he asked his sister about it in detail and he kept crying and blaming himself for it. From that day onwards he kept his mother’s photo with him in every match he went for.

A few days later on his school annual day he was the host and was excited for it but he collapsed and became unconscious. He was immediately taken to hospital and was admitted in ICU. The doctor said that he only had 30% chances of survival. His family was shocked with this news. No one had ever imagined he had this kind of health issue. He recovered after he went through many treatment. Ammy was not able to go out for 2 months and then he decided that he should not waste his life like this as it was the most precious time for him and he had goals to achieve so he started going for his tennis workout. During all this he was still facing health problems and that was a risk factor.

As if to make an addition to the list of his problems his sponsor was withdrawn. He was left devastated but he thought that he had nothing when he started his career and still reached a level that was dream worthy. So he decided to start working hard again and started playing tournaments. He soon got back the status he had earned earlier. Ammy being an independent person he started a business as he didn’t want to use his father’s money. He faced many problems and rejections in the start but he didn’t lose hope and tried to keep everyone happy. He had to work more than he actually does. But the problem was still hanging around with him and was increasing day by day. Things were out of his control now.

One day when he woke up he felt light headed. He was talking happily with his family members and all were enjoying but suddenly he had a severe chest pain and he collapsed. Everyone panicked and asked him what happened. Ammy smiled as he knew that he could not control the problem anymore. He thanked everyone for being so caring and for always being there for him. And for loving him even though he only created problems for the family.  He smiled and slowly closed his eyes leaving behind his memories with each soul………

–END–

MORAL: “I believe that we are who we choose to be. Nobody’s going to come and save you, you’ve got to save yourself. Nobody’s going to give you anything. You’ve got to go out and fight for it. Nobody knows what you want except for you. And nobody will be as sorry as you if you don’t get it. So don’t give up on your dreams.”

“Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.”

“Everyone now knows how to find the meaning of life within himself.”

