Social Short Story – What Should I Pray for? – Family Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“No. I’m not coming inside the temple. I’ll be outside.” Vijaya shouted at her mom.

She was in her native place along with her parents and siblings. Vijaya’s parents had arranged this because her marriage was getting delayed and an astrologer has asked them to perform some puja to the god.

“What’s your problem? See mom is crying because of you. “ asked her brother.

“ Can’t you see I’m broken? Did you care for me when I was crying?” she shouted.

“ Mom is right. You are changed once you started earning well. “ he said and walked away.

Vijaya couldn’t bear this anymore. She went near the temple pond. Pond was clean and beautiful. The place was soothing. She sat in the steps and tears started rolling in her cheeks.

Vijaya is from a poor background. Her father runs a small shop which sells newspaper near the bus stand. Her mom assists her father. She has an elder and younger brother. Elder brother was not interested much in studies. Somehow he finished his class ten and went for a small job. He wanted to make big money but was not interested in working hard for it. Her younger brother is still studying in school, he too is not much interested in studies.

Vijaya on the other hand was a school topper. She got admission in an engineering college. With the help of few relatives and scholarship, she managed to pay for her engineering and finished it with good marks. But she always had a complex that she is from a poor background. She kept to herself and didn’t have much of friends. She was unable to get a good job in campus.

Frustrated with the job search, she joined a small concern for a less pay. But she managed to learn a lot in work. All her efforts became fruitful, when she landed into a job in a big MNC. Her family was happy because she was earning much more than they expected. To Vijaya, it was a terrific experience. That environment was very new to her. She found that people are well dressed, well mannered and she felt very low comparing herself with others.

Her teammate Kavitha, became her close friend. Kavitha helped Vijaya in getting out of her shell. She taught her how to dress, how to talk in a professional environment. Soon they became close friends. Kavitha is married and elder to Vijaya by six years. Vijaya found a sister in Kavitha. She often visited Kavitha’s house and spent a good time there.

Vijaya, slowly got necessary household appliances and did her best in uplifting the family’s living standards. Her parents realised it was time for her to get married. They started searching for suitable alliances.

“Vijaya, I want to tell you something. But promise me, that you won’t get mad at me.” Told Kavitha. Vijaya was in Kavitha’s house that time.

“Me.. getting angry at you. No way. Tell me what it is ?”

“Vijaya look I don’t have a mother. I’m searching for alliance for my younger brother. You know about him right. He is well educated and in a good job. I feel you will be a good match for him. I spoke to my dad and brother, they are very keen in this. “

Vijaya was silent for some time.

“Tell me if you are not interested. I will understand it Vijaya” Kavitha couldn’t understand what was in Vijaya’s mind.

“You know my background right. We are from a poor background and you people…”

“It doesn’t matter to my brother. All he wants is a good soul as his life partner. He doesn’t care for your money or lavish marriage. If you want have a talk with him and tell me “

Vijaya spoke to Kavitha’s brother, Kamal and was satisfied that he will make a good partner for her. What’s left is convincing her family. Kamal assured it will be very easy.

“You went to office to find a groom for yourself. What do you think we are for?” This was from her father

“What, Marrying from other caste? Aren’t their good guys in our caste? What will our relatives think? Don’t you know it will affect your brother’s marriage too?” This was from her mother.

“Your friend Kavitha wants to packet your salary. That’s it. “This was from her brother.

“They are from a decent family. I know them for last two years. This guy is well educated and in a decent job. I don’t know what your problem is.” Vijaya started fighting back with her parents.

At the end of it, she was drained. Her parents blackmailed her emotionally, said they will end their lives, if she marries out of the caste and such. She told Kamal that it’s not possible to convince her parents and asked him to marry somebody else. Unable to face, Kavitha in office she changed job too.

Her parents are now looking for a groom for her.” I prayed to god to get me a good husband. God gave me everything I asked for. My parents threw it away. Now what should I pray for?” she thought to herself.

__END__

