Family Short Story – Fading beauty

Photo credit: 

 from 

Beauty she had that in abundance. But she was very proud of it. She was in college and rejected love proposals which came her way. Behaved rudely towards boys who tried to appreciate her beauty or woo her. Lot many were injured by these action of hers. She stopped looking after herself as she was sure even if she didn’t look after her skin it would be fair.

But she loved her mother very much who was a heart patient. She finished college. So for her she decided to join computer course. She wanted to leave it  half way. But her mother wanted her to complete it so she completed it. Then she got a job as teacher. Whatever she earned would be lost three fourth if she chose to travel by bus. So she travelled by both bus and boat. Her skin tanned as a result of  exposure to sun during her boat travel. She became slim as she skipped food since she didn’t want her mother to cook early for her.

People who knew her started teasing her. Now she understood beauty is only skin deep. She tried to help people in her own ways. Now she was a changed soul. But her figure and colour were still not that good.

One proposal came her way. She applied a lot of make up to make her look good. Marriage function went on well. But after marriage her skin showed true colours. Daily her  in laws would injure her by telling she was not fit for their son. Now she was getting back for all she did. She felt sorry for all those she teased.

She became the mother of a beautiful girl. But her in laws called her widowed mother and told harsh comments about her daughter. Her mother would listen with a heavy heart. One day her mother died due to heart attack . But she knew it was her inlaws who were responsible for her mom’s death. Even after that they behaved badly.

She gave birth to two more girls. Her husband took care of her second delivery .But during her third delivery both her husband and in laws told they can’t take care of her. So she delivered at her uncle’s place.The trauma was too much for her. As every body would ask why her in laws were not taking care of her . She was severely depressed and became an introvert. She left home but after two days she came back as she could not live without her family. Her husband was short tempered .But hence forth he decided he would behave well and they would live happily.

__END__

