Family Short Story – Memories as a child

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Hello, My name is Albina Ganiyarova Leonidova but I don’t go by that name anymore. My name is Albina Delara Davidson. I wrote a short story to share with you about My memories about Russia. Something I wrote is true but I didn’t tell more about my life. As you know my mother had me at the age of 14 years old and I had a difficult time growing up. While my mother Diliyara Ganiyarova Rashidovna was alive. I had a quit a lot of memories with her. She most of the time took me to places where she took drugs and had sex with multiple partners. That’s how she tried to support me by being a prostitute. For my mother it was very difficult for her to handle me. I always fought for her. When Man treated her bad and hit her I always tried my best to protect her but I got my ass kicked too.

My mother was killed in 2000. She was hanging out with the wrong people.  The police tried to investigate but they closed the case. And that’s when I end up in a second orphanage called The Detski Dom. The director of The orphanage name is Nina Petrovna. She is still alive today and retired. My grandmother was very upset about her daughters death. And, she started to drink a lot of alcohol. Every time she had money she would spend on Alcohol. But she would think about spending on Me and my sister Alina.

My sister and I visit our grandmother few times before she lost her rights to visit and see us. When I was visiting my grandmother Berngard Vasima Ganiyarova. She would drink so much of alcohol that she would sometimes would make threats that she would kill her self. When I said she hold a sharp object that was a knife. She hold it against her throat and start crying and extremely emotionally. My grandmother loved me and my sister but loosing my mother That what it went to extreme. At night she would send me and my younger sister Alina to our aunt Masha house. She was her sister. she lived more than a mile away from My grandmother apartment. My grandmother could not pay the bills for the apartment. We grew up without TV, sometimes we would have a alight or heat for several weeks. Not a lot of food. My family were really poor.

My aunt Masha had her own kids. But they were grown up. She had a daughter and a son. The daughter name is Raya I called her aunt Raya and a son Uncle Ilgiz. Aunt Raya did have her own daughter her name is Lilya Zlodeika. And uncle Ilgiz is married and had two kids, named Marcel and Ilvira. I did spend a lot time with my cousins. But I was very jealous. The reason I was jealous was because they had a family that is complete and I didn’t. And, I also grew up most of my child hood in the orphanage. I did visit. but when My grandmother lost the privilege to see me and my sister. But I did see my grandmother anyways when I had a chance I would skip My classes just to see my grandmother and my relatives.

Some part of me I loved where I grew up which was The Detski Dom and I was save and The staff took good care of me. I loved to go in the summer to camp called Chaika.

The Chaika was a camp but it was a different kind of a camp. You don’t make a fire or sleep in the tent. They had about six buildings two story high. The people that went to camp were at their age group. For me it was different I was in the older group.

I remember when I was at the camp I never got in trouble. I did ran off  off- campus to go steal apples with my friends. It was normal for us to do that. Well we didn’t know any better as you can say that. One time I did caught trying to get down from second floor from the window with a sheet holding on too. But I didn’t get in trouble. I loved catching lizards. The lizards did bite but I was very fast on catching them. I also loved snakes. I remember when a group of kids started to scream and yell there is a snake in the bathroom. I came up and picked it up and went in the woods and let go but they some crazy group of boys caught the snake and drop it in a pile of aunts. The aunts were Red. Also I loved red aunts I usually took a stick and stock in a pile of aunts and few seconds later I flicked and tasted the juice that left behind it was very sour. But it wasn’t good to do that much.

I did pretty funny stuff growing.

I Remember when i was at the orphanage i was doing Gymnastics and i step on a sharp needle and it hurt a lot. The nurse didn’t believe me but then she finally took me to the hospital for X-ray and they found it and they had to take it out by putting me a sleep.

Then when i was 9 years old i was taking a bath. The next thing you know i was reaching over for shampoo. The last thing you know i fell and hurt myself between my legs. i had to get stiches for that.

But when it came to go to school at the age of 8. I was very shy. I did get made fun off because I was wearing glasses and I was an orphan.

I know I lost my mother and I forgive her. I know she couldn’t take good care of me and my sister.

I am adopted. When my sister and I was adopted by a American family. The family didn’t want me. They wanted my sister. The family rejected me and gave me up a year later after the adoption. I was supposed to go back to Russia, Nizhnekamsk, but then I was adopted by another family. When the first family gave me up they drop me off at the hospital and left me there and a week or so, They came to pick me up and bring me to a new family Which was The Davidsons. I was very happy that I was adopted. I did have a very difficult time with the family. I am diagnosed with The Depression, Borderline Personality Disorder, and Postermatic stress disorder. I did pretty horrible stuff by hurting my self. Warning: cutting, jumping off the second floor, I stock a needle few times in my throat, had to have surgery, glass in my ear had surgery, overdosing on medications, sleep medicines. But I feel a lot better today. I take Abilify once a day. Last month I graduated a program at St. Luke’s Roosevelt at CITPD. I FINALLY did it 9 months. It was very had to talk about my past, and what was going on with me now. But  I do feel better.

The Memories that I have with my mother.

Most of my child hood I was scared. The neighbors always were mean and harassed my mother Delara. They threatened my mother that they were going to chop off her head with an ax. My mother a lot of times came home and she tried to commit suicide By JUMPING OFF THE building while on drugs. She dragged me to a lot of places one of places she dragged me it was in the middle of no where IN NIZHNNEKAMSK. she met a guy and took me with her to his place in the middle of no where. My mother left Me to sleep on a grandmas chair. I SLEPT The next morning I woke up and started to  look For my mother. I COULD NOT FIND HER! I was about to cry. I was calling Mama mama mama and she wont respond. The lady that watched me over she said that my mother will be right here. I didn’t stop looking. I went back outside and there she was arguing with the guy that she slept with During the night while I was sleeping on the chair. I saw that the guy was being rude to my mother I came up and hit him but he fu**ing slap me back. as I THINK about it now I should of kicked him in the balls! anyways I ran away from my mother and then I cam back for her and her and I went back home

 And I  never saw him again

I Don’t know if it was a dream or not. But I was running in the water while my mother was siting on sand. AFTER running a lot I fell down and almost drowned. I was under water for like a one minute. The next thing my mother Delara runs in to water and started to look for me. She was terrified. ONCE she found me I almost chocked on water I was making a cough sound and next thing you know a guy came up to my mother and I was not sure who it was. She said look its your dad but I knew he wasn’t my dad.

I remember, one day my mother took me to Bazar. There were lots of grocery stores etc. My mother was kind of high. She met a guy but at the end he turned out to be an undercover cop. He tricked my mother and took us to his office. I don’t remember exactly. The next thing The undercover cop noticed that my mother  was running and holding me in her arms. But we did get caught. The offices took my mother to Jail and me. Well, one lady was telling me how she was going to take me to a new family and ill have new things and better life. Guess what?? It was a Bull sh*t sorry for my language. Instead she took me to The mental hospital. I STAYED there for few weeks. I Personally can’t answer why my mother decided to run and why she got caught and what exactly for.

While at the hospital The doctor wanted to give a shot. But he didn’t get a chance to because I was running from the nurses and him and I was hidden from them. Where? I was hidden an another patients room under the bed.

I also remember my mother took me to a guy place. he drug her and had sex with her. After he drug her. The guy put me in front of the tv and told me When you grow up, Someday you will be just like them. He mean by a PORN STAR.

When i was little someone messed my thumbs up. My thumbs are not normal.

I just wish i had a Better life as a CHILD.

I never met my biological father. He knows that i am alive today. But Actually i wont bother looking for.

I do miss my relatives some what. first time when i Skype them they were so excited to see me but now its whatever. They are busy with their own lives. few months ago i received my letters that my mother wrote before she was killed. But i don’t know how to translate because i don’t speak Russian. The only way i speak in Russian is use the translator. I would share more but its very hard to think and time at once and sometimes certain things will get me really emotionally.

i hope my life will get better. I want to people know what i have been through and believe in me.

Please read and comment.

This is true events and about my life.

I PRAY FOR MY STORY TO BE NOTICED.

__END__

