Priya, in her 30’s is a beautiful married woman, with a graduation in English(Hons.), and a loving husband Vivek into Real Estate. They have a son Kevin who’s 9 years old. Besides them, Vivek’s parents and a permanent maid as a family member.

Priya has her parents residing in South Delhi, and after her marriage, she is staying in a society flat at Rohini, Delhi.

 Vivek’s parents are very modern and believe in pushing their current generation to explore their skills. Priya wants to take teaching as a profession in some private school, and therefore, shares her desire with her hubby and father –in-law.

Vivek understands the mounting expenses, and two persons working will give a sufficient relief from growing family’s  expense heads. On the other hand, Vivek’s parents are reluctant and rigid to the idea of working now because they think that Kevin should be taken care of more as he’s still not a teenager. He’ll be needing care and attention in his academics. Priya doesn’t take it in the right way; she thinks that the elderly people are not well – versed with the today’s stance. She thinks that they have lived their life, but somehow restraining us from progressing further.

She picks up the point and starts fighting with Vivek. Vivek is an understanding husband, listens to her vows, and tries to explain her reasons for not acceptance of her desire by Mom and Dad. Priya takes it as a hurt to her ego and goes beyond the wishes of the family. She prepares CV and gives in some schools to consider when a job for a primary teacher is out.

After six months, Priya receives a telephonic call from a prestigious school, near to their house. She gets excited, and beforehand, shares her joy with her mother. Very obvious, Mothers are close to your hearts. In this rush, she forgets to tell this news to her current family.

After a week, she was to join the school, and carry her credentials! She gets up early morning, prepares breakfast for Kevin, her husband and is about to leave her house. Vivek had a bleak look on Priya’s face, and puts her a question that where is she going so early, and how is he not aware of her sudden visit?

Now Priya was blank, she was guilty of not disclosing her appointment as a teacher. She gave him the complete description. And what she finds is that Vivek is so happy for her that he hugs and kisses her on her forehead. Then he goes to his Mom and Dad and tells them that Priya has got a teaching job; she told me two days  back, but I forgot to tell you. When Priya hears this from the other room, there were tears in her eyes. She hugged Vivek and felt sorry for hiding so important news from him, and still, he overlooked it.

Inference: Never let your trust break, a family is a solid pillar which will protect you from internal and external evils. A family consisting of husband, kids and parents leave you at a stage of the highest show of happiness, love, and integrity.

 Love and hugs!

 Thanks & Regards,

 Rajan Mehra

