Family Short Story – My Life & Soul – My Mother

Photo credit: 

 from 

Huge Crowd was standing before Deviammal house in GandhiPuram Village. Lot of people was crying loudly, women’s were crying with huge loud voice. All the village men’s were standing outside with sad face. Village Panchayat leader came with big flower garland.

He entered the house, and puts the garland on Deviammal’s dead body. He stood silence for a minute and then came out of the house. Other arrangements were going on outside, like people started hitting the drums;  and some people started decorating the vehicle where they used to carry the dead body. Few people were chatting here and there.

Panchayat leader came near to Deviammal’s brother, Rammaya and asked him where is chinna, as he has to do all the other death ceremony things, he showed his slight anger as chinna was not available at this situation. Rammaya said that he tried calling but chinna number is switched off.

Chinna is the one and only son for Deviammal, He is an IT graduate. He comes out of the door with a bright and happy face, full of joy from the interview board room. He runs fast and hugged his close friend shyam and said “Shyam I was selected in this reputed company and was offered Rs 50000 PM and after three months training will be travelling to Singapore. I will take my mother also and I will show my mother a different world where I want to keep my mother in flower bed. Because my mother doesn’t drop sweat, she dropper here blood to mold me to this situation. Without my mother there is no life for me, he finished with tears.

As he was inside the interview room, he switched off his mobile number, chinna took his mobile and switched on, and he dialed his mother’s number. Immediately after 1 or 2 ring he cuts the call and he came back to shyam and said, “Hey shyam this is the wonderful situation in my life which I want to give a surprise to my mother, and I don’t want to tell her now through mobile.”

He immediately started to dial his uncle number Rammaya, the moment he starts dialing battery is low and phone gets switched off. He then catches the bus from the Engineering College where the interview had happened and travelling to his village which was around 15 KM.

He sat on the window seat of the bus and started to think about those critical days that he has passed along with his mother and his mother’s struggle. Chinna’s father was dead when he was 5 years old; his mother was the sole person who took care of him for the rest of his life. Deviammal started to work early morning around 4 AM and she finishes one by one work like sweeping, washing the clothes, vessels & other works in few big houses in the villages till evening 6 PM. Apart from this she use to clean the village school on Saturday’s and Sunday’s. She almost did all kind of works to gain single penny for his son studies. As all the Deviammal’s struggle is seen directly by chinna, which had impacted so much in chinna’s heart from young age, which made him to move higher and want to keep his mother a good sophisticated life.

Chinna also studied well and he is the topper in SSLC and HSSLC around that regional schools. For joining college Deviammal sold one of her kidney and paid the amount for the government engineering college. This incident deeply impacted which he came to know by his uncle. Chinna cried for the whole day by catching his mother’s feat. Chinna remembered all those happiest and sadest moments and he had a very big relief which he has achieved now during travel.

Chinna was also thinking, firstly to keep the appointment letter on his mother’s leg and then only near to “GOD”. He also plans for the future, like to take his mother to Singapore and to keep her in a big house and to show the happiest part of the world.

Rammaya, chinna’s uncle was calling again and again, but no use as Chinna’s phone is switched off. Chinna reaches the village, he slowly enters the village and he saw lot of crowd in front of his house and he saw the drums and other sounds, he could identify something very bad has happened, but his mind is not working. He throws the bag away and went inside the house; he also noticed that uncle is crying loudly

He saw his mother lying down beneath the flower garlands. The entire place was screaming like hell, and shouted  chinnnnaa……………………………………… your mother is goneee……..

He slowly walks and sat near to the body of his mother and took the garland one by one to see her face. He didn’t shed single drop of tears, instead he called his uncle and asked “UNCLE WHY MOTHER IS IN DEEP SLEEP, SHE IS SO TIRED, SHE DID NOT EVEN NOTICE ME.

YOU PLEASE WAKE HER….. I CALLED HER SO MANY TIMES SHE IS NOT LISTENING TO ME.

Chinna sat very closely to her mother dead body and was closely watching her, after some times he can’t even able to talk a single word. He went in a state of dead silence.

Slowly the burial activities are started, they carried Deviammal body to the burial place which is outside the village, Chinna is nearly in a coma state and he walks as a dead body. Slowly the normal burial activities are started in the ground.

Chinna has to keep the fire, he circled three rounds of his mother’s dead body as per their family tradition all these things are helped by his Uncle as Chinna is almost like Coma state.

The moment he kept the fire on the dead body his eyes were slowly rotating and moving and started to visualize the things. The moment everybody was crying, he took the appointment letter from his pocket and then

CHINNA STARTED CRYING WITH HUGE LOUD NOISE

“AMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA””…………..

And the moment before everybody notices, he runs fastly and then falls in to the fire of his mothers dead body and chinna was screaming..

I DON’T KNOW ANYOTHER WORLD THAN YOU……….. I DON’T KNOW ANY OTHER WORD OTHER THAN AMMA…………. I DON’T WANT THIS WORLD and WANT THE WORLD WHERE YOU LIVE  I LOVE YOU MAAA ……………………… and chinna also died along with his mother.

The Whole village was stumbled and they all left the place with heavy heart…………

__END__

