Characters-

Rose: Sister of Jake.

Rebecca: Mrs.Macwood, first grade teacher.

Travis: Policeman who found Emily.

Emily: Victim of the child abuse she received from her first mother.

Jake: Cousin of Emily and Sky.

Sky: Sister of Emily.

Mom: Abusive mom of Emily.

 Jenny: Girl who adopts Emily from the abusive mother who later dies of cancer.

 

What would you do if you were kidnapped? “Emily!!” screamed her mother, “Yes mommy?”

“Emily!! Time for school!! Get your tiny legs down here!”

“Okay mommy!!” Emily comes dashing down the stairs in her PJ’S “Emily, you’re 7 years old and you can’t even get dressed without me yelling at you!”

“I’m sorry mommy..” Emily starts crying, “Ugh I can see why your dad left us!” the mom screams “Now let’s go to school! I hope you get kidnapped!”

“Mom, why do you hate me so much?” Emily cries more.

“You’re a mistake! Emily you can’t do anything correct!” her mom gets angry and slaps Emily.

“Mommy.. Please.. Don’t hit me. It hurts!!” Emily is crying more.

“Emily! That’s it! Go! Walk to school and walk home!” her mom pushes Emily down the stairs “Bye! You little demon!” her mom yells. Later that day her mom gets a phone call that Emily has been kidnapped and her mom laughs and says “Good, she got kidnapped.”

 

“Rose, Jack, and Sky, I got bad news.” says the 1st grade teacher “Emily has disappeared”.

Rose, Sky starts crying and Jake is like “Hey sis and cousin, don’t worry! We can build a rocket with an alien and go find her!”.

“Jake! Aliens aren’t real!”

“But Rose, they are real! I’ve seen them!”

“How about if both of you shut the world up?! It’s your guy’s fault!!” screams Sky

“But Sky…” says Rose while starting to cry.

“Shut up, Rose! You’re worse than Jake!.

“All 3 of you! Sit down so we can work, please!” screams the teacher.

“But… Mrs.Macwood, we need to find Emily!” says Sky

“Sky Kelly! Go sit down like your siblings Jake Kelly and Rose Kelly!”

“But Mrs.Macwood, Jake’s my cousin, his last name is O’Connor!” says Sky.

“Oh whatever! Just go sit down!” screams Mrs.Macwood.

“Hey! Don’t you yell at my cousin!” screams Jake

“Jake O’Connor! You lose 5 minutes of outside time!” screams Mrs.Macwood, suddenly a cop walks into the room and says “Rebecca Macwood, may I speak to you in the hallway?”

“Sure, officer Travis! Children, feel free to talk quietly, don’t get too loud, or else..”

“Rebeca! Hallway now!” Screams Travis, in an annoyed tone.

“Okay, okay!!” Rebeca slowly shuts the classroom door when out in the hallway “Travis, what’s this about?” says Rebecca in a scared tone.

“Emily.” says Travis, suddenly Emil wheels out to Travis in a wheelchair, both legs paralyzed. “Oh my gosh.. Emily!” Emily waves at Rebecca and hugs her tight saying with a weak voice “Are you and the class okay, Mrs.Macwood?”

“Yeah, Emily we’re all fine, but Sky wouldn’t sit down and Jake and Rose were fighting with me..” says Mrs.Macwood.

Emily chuckles a little “Yea, sorry about them, they get hyper a lot”

“Well, Rebecca and Emily, have a good day, and Emily, remember the kind named Jenny who wants to adopt Sky and you from your old mom?” Says Travis

“Yes Travis,  what about her?”

“She filled out the papers she has your’s and Sky’s stuff because she adopted both of you.”

 

Emily and Mrs.Macwood both go inside the class “Emily! Sis! You’re alive!” says Sky in an excited voice, “Okay, okay. Class, don’t forget to turn in your math homework when the bell rings in five minutes. Sky, Emily, remember, you girls stay here so Jenny can find you guys, if you’re both wondering around I don’t think she can find both of you.”, the bell suddenly rings and everyone turns in their homework and leaves while Sky gets up and starts walking around the room, clearly bored, Mrs.Macwood notices quickly and gives her a fidget spinner.

 

Jenny suddenly walks into the classroom “Hello, I’m Jenny, here for Emily and Sky, are they here?”

Emily and Sky come and says “Here we are! Hello Jenny/mommy!”

“Hello Emily and sky, such cute innocent little girls, I see!” Jenny says in a loving/calm voice.

Mrs.Macwood laughs “innocent until you have them and Jake their cousin and his sister Rose all in the same room” says Mrs.Macwood while laughing.

“Ha, couldn’t be too bad, just trying to have fun, you know, their first graders, I’ve been 11th graders in Target act worse, by swearing with these little innocent babies in the store” says Jenny.

“Oh I know, I was working as a teacher for 10 years, first set of people I taught were 12th graders, all they did was swear, scream, text during class, one time, I even broke a student’s Iphone 7 plus that was $700.” says Mrs.Macwood.

 

“Oh, wow, anyway, Sky, Emily, let’s go home now s we aren’t playing sleepover in Mrs.Macwood’s class, tonight’s pizza night!” says Jenny while smiling

“What kind of pizza? We’re both allergic to pineapples.” says Emily.

“Well, you both get to choose between cheese or sausage pizza.” Jenny says.

Emily and Sky look at each other and they both say “Cheese only!”.

15 mins later they arrive back at Jenny’s house where they both have a bedroom choose and they are watching “Spongebob” on the TV while Jenny gets pizza made and they eat, do homework, brush their teeth, and fall asleep at 11:00 PM.

 

Emily and Sky both come in the door “Mommy! Mommy! Jenny! Summer break starts today!” says both the girls.

“Oh no, for 2 whole months?” Jenny says in a “joking” tone. “Ugh, I’m already bored..” says Emily.

“Not me, I’m just hungry” says Sky.

“Okay, fine, we’ll go to Mcdonalds, then visit Jake and Rose for a little bit, everyone in the van, please.” Says Jenny in an annoyed tone.

 

Emily, Sky, there’s a secret I’ve been hiding since summer break starts, I have cancer and I’m gonna die, soon.. I also have depression.. When I die you have to be put up for foster care, go back to your old mom’s house, live with Jake and Rose.. I’m sorry, I failed you both, badly..” Jenny says.

 

The kids Emily and Sky finally go to bed at 11:00 PM and Jenny locks herself up into her room and repeats to herself “I can’t do this anymore..”

“My children I adopted aren’t thankful, I’m a mistake, they probably like their own mom better..”

 

“Sky, Emily! I’m so sick of you 2 being bored during summer break! Both of you! Grounded!” Screams Jenny, very loudly, clearly angry.

 

.

Jenny whispers her last words to the sisters “Stay strong, without me.. Don’t die, like me..” Jenny goes limp and is pronounced dead…

–END–

Author’s note: Hello, My name is Jessica Higgins, a 13 (turning 14 on May 2nd) year old writer, I wrote this book because I was inspired by my 1st block teacher, Robyn Skaar, and a friend (I won’t say her name, due to internet privacy reasons.) who was abused by her father like Emily.

 

