Family Short Story – Agony of a father

Photo credit: 

 from 

SUNDAY morning is a leisure time for me. It was enjoying my holiday when suddenly my mobile rang. I got up to pick up the mobile from my study table. It was Ravi’s usual Sunday call. We exchanged our pleasantries and Ravi suddenly enquired about our common friend Ramesh. Ramesh was out of touch since last three months. I completed the call and then decided to ring Ramesh to know about his welfare. But Ramesh’s mobile number was switched off.

Then I logged on to Gmail and thought of dropping a mail to Ramesh. Luckily, Ramesh was online and we started chatting. I enquired about his mobile and he replied that its battery had gone down and he has now kept it on charging. I invited him to come on Skype. While speaking, I could see that he was feeling bit low and I asked him to share his feelings. Ramesh tried to avoid it and later gave in to my insistence. He said that he has to logoff now but he will drop a mail to me in the evening.

***

The day passed off with shopping and a visit to our relatives. In the evening, I was enjoying Charlie Chaplin shows with my kids on television. At 9pm, everyone was invited at dinner table. I along with my kids rushed to enjoy the Sunday cuisine. Sunday is always a day for special dishes in our home. We heartily enjoyed sweet dish. The kids were persuading me to ask their mother for an extra spoon of sweet dish. After dinner, I again logged on to Gmail to check my mails. Ramesh had indeed dropped a mail.

 

Dear Anil,

I am writing today from the core of my heart. You are the only one with whom I share everything.

Ramesh

 

I felt very sorry for Ramesh and immediately started drafting my reply to Ramesh. My wife who had just come by my side asked me to invite Ramesh for lunch on next Sunday.

 

Dear Ramesh,

Destiny is very strong. One cannot fight his/her destiny. Well, I suggest you to change your lawyer so that your divorce case closes faster.

Pray to Almighty GOD as he only can resolve your problems. I will also pray for you.

Let us meet next Sunday. Even Ravi was enquiring about you. Ring me and let us meet on Sunday. Even my mother was enquiring about you.

Regards,

Suresh

__END__

