Riddhima entered her new house in the red bridal attire with Aryaman . The night has changed it all, in a few hours she entered the marital phase from being single for the 25 years for life, from a girl to a married woman, from a daughter to a daughter-in-law. She had been an ardent believer of fairy tales and had so many dreams, expectations from the marriage.

Although it was an arranged marriage and she met Aryaman just once before marriage but she believed she is going to have her own love story . Being ignored in her family all her life for being a girl, she was just fascinated by the idea that she will be loved back by the person whom she will love.There will be someone just for her and  she will be the topmost priority for someone.

They both entered the room , Aryaman locked the door and turned towards her that’s when Riddhima got a chance to admire her husband , he was indeed very handsome like a prince. Aryaman folded his hands and smirked on his innocent wife who was lost in him.

He cleared his throat to gain her attention,” You have all the night to stare at me wifey, but i guess you should change first , we will continue after that “, and he winked at her. Riddhima flushed at the remark of her husband and  lowered her eyes and turned to get her stuff from her bag and ran to washroom to get changed.

When she entered the room Aryaman was already in the bed on his side , he saw her and gestured her to join him on the bed. She blushed and laid down on the bed facing him . He forwarded his hand and she placed her hand on his , both were lost in each others eyes and he decreased the distance between them, imitating him she also moved forward and they kissed, and the whole night passed in twisting and turning on bed.

Riddhima opened her eyes in the arms of her husband and blushed remembering their night  adventures. She didn’t knew if it was too fast or normal for couples to be intimate such early , she might not be in love with her husband now but one thing was for sure that she was on the track to love him. She blushed remembering how gently he handled her , it may not be love in his eyes for her but she saw concern in his eyes for her and that was enough for now , it is just the start and their journey will be more beautiful than the start.

Days passed after that and she never saw the glimpse of that Aryaman after that, she came to know after few days that he was an alcoholic. He used to get drunk in the morning itself and used to come drunk in the house . He was an addict and he couldn’t leave the alcohol, all attempts of Riddhima were futile in making him leave the alcohol.

It was not supposed to happen like this but happened, all her dreams of love shattered , after that night there was never care or concern in his eyes , it was always a pool of desires in  his drooping eyes. She never saw him in his senses after that.

Maybe love was not meant to be for her,it was destined to happen like this. Maybe love was jinxed for her.

Few months passed and she found out she was pregnant , this was supposed to be the happiest phase of her life, but 9 months passed in just trying to love the man who never cared, she was not sure what she was going to do after the child will come in their life, whether she will be able to take the responsibility or whether she will be able to love the part of her, a part of him.

Soon the day also came when she was supposed to give birth to the child, her husband was supposed to be with her at this time but he was not in his senses as usual. She was admitted in hospital by her parents .

When she opened her eyes the doctor smiled at her and gave the child in her hands, it was a boy. She got tears in her eyes .The feathery touch of his hands , his small eyes seeing her mother curiously,his small thin lips,it felt she had cotton ball in her hands.

In that moment she knew what is Love at first sight,she fell in love with her baby boy.Love was not jinxed for her , it was meant to be in this form……….

–END–

