Family Story – CHRISTMAS GIFT

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mary is young girl of twenty working in a Costless Food Court as cashier. She is very beautiful.

She knows many regular customers. She takes money from the customers and returns change perfectly. This is one reason that Mary is remembered by many regular customers.

Costless Food Court is very popular. Say what you will about Costless low-budget food court, but they’re extremely popular. They sold 100 million hot-dog-soda combos last year. Hot-dog-soda with few other things like Fries and Black Forest Sand witches, Snack Bar Pizzas are the food that people like so much.

Mary is a single girl. She has no friends. So what she earns is more than her needs. She has good amount in her account. She wanted to do something for her regular customers. She took the time of Christmas to start her thought of giving gifts.

She ordered for small sweet boxes with her picture and MERRY CHRISTMAS as the top line. She puts small very nice sweets in the box and while giving the change to the customers, she gives a sweet box, saying “THIS IS MY MERRY CHRISTMAS GIFT”

The management saw her doing this on her personal interest and as they know that Mary is a single girl with no big expenses, she is doing this for her satisfaction, so they did not object her for doing this. So before Christmas, she has distributed all the boxes she got. She could not get time to order for more boxes, so she purchased Matryoshkas traditional Russian dolls and started giving them to remaining customers.

Mary is very happy this year for doing so. She has no friends, but this she has many friends. Her small gifts brought very big and rich friends. The next day is Christmas. The Costless Food Court is closed.

Mary has one doll left in her purse. She wants to give it some one. As she is reaching her home, she saw a boy playing on the pavement near her house. She did not see the boy before. A boy of 5-6 years old, so cute he is, Mary thought.

“What’s your name?”

“Tom.”

“I am seeing you first time in this area.”

“We came yesterday. We live in that Red Mansion.”

She was happy to know that the boy is living in the building, besides her residence.

” I am Mary. I am in 3rd floor of white mansion, besides yours.” She said

She gave the remaining gift of beautiful white Matryoshkas toy to the boy.

“MERRY CHRISTMAS” Mary said.

“MERRY CHRISTMAS” Tom Said.

Mary went away. Tom looked at the new friend with great wonder and he put the doll in his pocket.

*****

 Happy and live CHRISTAMAS Morning.

Mary has no work. That is a holiday for her. She is watching TV.

Somebody knocked the door. As she opened the door, a tall and beautiful young man is found standing at the door. She did not see him previously. He also did not see her. It is first time the looks are exchanged at each other.

“Mary..”

“It’s me. You are..”

“I am John. Tom is my elder brother’s son. All members of our family are happy with the GIFT you sent with TOM.”

 Mary smiled.

“This year I thought I have to celebrate Christmas with happy heart. I was single and I have no friends. I spent all these days as lonely one. This year, I wished the Christmas with friends. So much dry without friends is life I felt. I want friends like my family members.” Mary said.

She invited him and asked him to sit comfortably in the hall. She brought hot coffee for him.

John was happy at her soft and sweet behavior. He understood that Mary is a very good girl.

He came to know that she is an orphan girl and she is grown to that level by her own efforts.

While going he gave a Christmas gift from his family which is a silver doll and he invited her for dinner.

After john has gone, she opened the silver doll and in it, she found a gold ring.

She was wondered for the costly gift and she wanted to return the gift with “No Thanks”

She visited the house of TOM. It is all most like a palace. Mary understood that the gift given by them to her is not a costly one for them.

Mary is treated as one of the members of the family.

After dinner, Tom’s father William asked her about her job and family details.

Mary said everything to him without hiding anything. Then William said looking at her with a satisfied looks.

“Mary, My brother john has a food court called “Costco Hotdogs” in Church Street. It is doing well. We want him wedded soon, but he did not like any girl. Now he liked you. I wish you join our family, if you like. I will arrange the wedding soon if you accept.”

When William said this, Mary wondered. She could not believe that she is so lucky.

Mary asked some time to decide.

“It is okay. It will be only with your consent, I will proceed.” William said.

The blessings of Christmas came as a shower of happy moments.

John and Mary are wedded like Christmas gifts for each other.

Now Mary is merry woman sitting as owner-cashier in the cash counter of Costco Hotdogs.

Mary’s CHRISTMAS GIFT is her husband John who is like a prince.

Christmas was turned a real happy occasion for Mary in her life.

_THE END_

