: Family Short Story – Cold War

Family Short Story – Cold War

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mr.Sathyapaul   was doing one of his favorite pastimes – watching news.  This was the only way of avoiding the circle of thoughts.  But these thoughts were irreplaceable.  They would come and dictate his mind for long time.  What was he supposed to do?  He couldn’t change his nature. He had spent half of his professional life in organizing and keeping things up to date. His subordinates would always take his orders without questioning him. Now he is accustomed to orderliness and perfection which seems to exist in his house after retirement.  This retirement phase was taking a toll on him. He was not used to being free and work less.  His days have become the same routine:

8 am –  reading newspaper

9 am – taking bath followed with morning pooja

10 am-  visiting his old house to supervise the renovation work

1 pm – come home

2 pm – eat lunch and relax

4 pm – visiting the old house

7 pm – come home

9 pm – watch news

10 pm – end the day with sleep and begin fresh start.

He was the managing director of top MNC. His life was not like the above routine. It was filled with meetings, overseas conferences and risky decisions.  Yes, it was stressful but  not boring. His superiors and colleagues had asked him to continue with the company. But he was dead sure about his retirement plan. He had preplanned that he was going to retire after completing 28 years of service.  Sadly, he has been repenting over the decision now.

Mrs. Satyapaul  popularly known as Mala was preparing dinner.  “ 

she complained in her mind. Mala was different from her husband. She was fun loving , talkative and friendly woman.  She loved her routine life. Her husband and daughter was her life. She had dedicated everything to support them.  However , for past few days, her life had changed.  Her affair with phone was shortened. She could no longer spend hours and hours together with friends over phone. Only gossip time she ever gets was with her neighbours.  Her husband demanded her complete attention to him every time.  This had affected her social life.

She knew this was coming since when her husband decided to quit his professional life. She knew him well- so well. She was familiar with his nature- restlessness and workaholic. She was sure that it would be difficult for him to adjust to the retirement conditions.  She was used to his ‘ I am never  wrong’ attitude for 25 years . She had learnt one great secret from her mother – Never argue with your man. So whenever Mr. Sathyapaul got angry , she would keep quiet  until he cools down.

Today was the second day after he belittled her for talking to her aunt. She had argued against him for first time.  He was surprised with this outburst and said “ You have changed, Mala”.  There has been no conversation after the argument.  She kept quiet and he remained silent hoping that she would ask for forgiveness.

“Nishi, call your dad for dinner” said mala. Nishi hated the silent phase after the argument took place at home. She also disliked being the 

between her dad and mom. She wondered when the cold war was going to end. She loved the humour and warm laughter between her and her parents.  The effect of cold war between her parents was freezing her to the boredom. Nishi  had to do something to break this ice .

After the quiet dinner,  Mr. Sathyapaul  settled next to idiot box.  Mala cleaned the table and kitchen. Nishi closed her bedroom door and sat next to laptop. After few minutes she was video chatting with boyfriend.

“I am done with this cold war in my house. I can’t take at any more. It is like coming to morgue from college. Karan , I am thinking of calling AG (aunt granny- Mala’s aunt) and sort out the matter” she said.

“No, don’t do that. There will surely be confusion and more misunderstanding if you bring her”  he said.

“Then what should I do?” she asked not understanding what needs to be done to bring the normal life back.

“ Ah…why don’t you create a situations that would bring them together”  he said.

“ Okay darling , now I get it. I have to create situations and have thought about how to create them” she said.

**

Everyone ate a quite dinner next night. As usual Mr. Sathyapaul sat next to his favorite mistress- the news. Mala did what she could do the best at this time- clean.  However Nishi did not go to her room. She sat beside her dad. She was waiting for this opportunity whole day.

“ Dad, are you angry with mum? You look depressed and sad. “ she asked breaking the silence.

“No dear. Why should I be?  Yes I am sad about recent changing situations. I feel like an outsider. I feel that people change and are not who they are. I tried to make 

 understand about their fault. She is arguing with me . hmmm… I learnt one thing that no one welcomes their fault. They think they are perfect.” he ironically said.

Mala overheard the conversation while cleaning the utensils. She came out like raging bull.

“Oh so you are saying that I am wrong. How you reacted with aunty was not wrong?  I know she could be a drama queen and ridiculous sometimes. But she cares about me.  She has been taking care of me for all the years.” she argued.

“ How dare you argue with me? I am your husband. What I do or say is for good of the house. You are so smitten about her sugary coated talk. You overlook the real her. She is bad mouthing about you to everyone ” he said with anger gushing out of his heart.

“ You are so innocent. She is just using you for all her needs” he added.

She couldn’t control the frustration within her and it outburst in form of tears from her eyes.

“ Why do you treat everyone like this? Every person has good as well as bad personality in them. You have to accept the way they are. It is not about her. You feel everyone is bad except you.  You said to keep distance with certain people you dislike. I did. Whatever you asked for , I did. But now I feel that I don’t have any social life. It is very frustrating. Whom do I talk to?  You! You don’t even listen to me. You are always distant and finding fault in whatever I do. Whom should I share my feelings?  You no longer feel  my pain or happiness. You have become so selfish.” She cried trying to grasp her breath.

He was bewildered with whatever he heard.  He was shocked to see that all this years he had never tried to see her viewpoint.

“

 he thought. He looked at her tiring eyes and felt shame for all the actions he did.  He couldn’t control his emotions and hugged her tight  asking for forgiveness.  She forgot all the pain for once.

“No dear, I should be asking for forgiveness. I know  I make mistakes while judging people. I tend to be close with them and share all my feelings even before trusting them. You are right , I am an innocent fool. I overreact sometimes…most of times when you say something practically correct. I should have supported you instead of aunty. I knew aunty was wrong in talking to you like that. I promise that I will not be so close to her. “ she said clearing her throat.

“ You don’t have to be sorry for that. I am very judgmental in trusting people around you. I feel they would hurt you. You know I love you so much and cannot see anyone harming you” he said.

Nishi was happy with the way things were going. “ Hey , old folks , what about me? I am there. Can you please give your attention to me?” she said with big broad smile on her face.

“Oh! We forgot our little one. Come here, darling” they said and hugged her too.

Nishi was in her bedroom with laptop. She was chatting with Karan about all events that took place.

“At last everything has been sorted out. They are happy again. No more cold war and it’s all because of you” she said gingerly.

“Hmmm thanks! You know what, I am always right. He He.” he laughed innocently.

“ Yeah! Yeah! All men are the same. By the way, you just given me the idea. But execution is entirely my work. “ she said ironically.

“ You are just jealous of me, babes. “ he said mocking at her.

“Oh whatever!” she whispered.  She then closed her Skype application without even ending the conversation. Thus , starting another cold war.

__END__

