Manasi is feeling drained after her office work. In her office she has a cheap and annoying boss. But Manasi has now learnt to handle him strictly. She reaches home by 8.00 p.m. by catching a bus. She has a letter from her younger brother Madan’s college principal. It was a complaint letter. The principal had mentioned that Madan was skipping all his classes of eleventh standard and was found roaming near the canteen most of the time. The principal had mentioned that he had very less attendance and is disrespecting his teachers in the class.

Manasi asks Madan an explanation and Madan replies rudely that he is not interested to attend any class. Manasi loses her patience and starts scolding Madan. Madan replies that he is not getting any delicious snacks at home, so he is begging money from his friends and going to canteen. Since Manasi’s parents had expired, thirty-three-year-old Manasi is the bread-winner of the home. Manasi’s father was a watchman and her mother was a homemaker. Now her family includes one elder brother, two younger brothers and three younger sisters. All siblings are having almost five to six years gap age difference. Manasi works as a secretary in a small company. Her sisters are Bhagyashri, Padma and Bela. Her first sister Bhagyashri has completed her twelfth but she was never able to complete her graduation and is not interested in studies. So, she does the household chores. Padma, is studying in college and Bela is in school. Manasi’s brothers are Madhav, Madan and Mohan. Madhav has done his graduation but is unemployed.  Mohan is studying in primary school. They all hate Manasi because of her strict behavior. Manasi was spending lots of money for Madan’s tuitions. Now, she gets very frustrated to know that Madan is not interested in his studies. She felt miserable and couldn’t sleep that night.

Next day morning Mohan demands a new uniform, as his uniform color has faded and is looking dull. He asks Manasi to buy him a new uniform. But Manasi replies that her elder brother Madhav will pay for his uniform. By that time unemployed Madhav comes drowsing from the bar and almost falls near the house door. He is muttering something about a sex worker. Manasi spits on his face and goes inside her bedroom. Mohan is also angry and he too spits on Madhav.

Next day morning, Manasi goes to office but she feels sick. She leaves office bit early and reaches home. She finds her small sister Bela and Madan making fun of her by calling her as “Monster Manasi” and all the other brothers and sisters laughing with them. Suddenly there is a silence and every one starts doing their own work as soon as they see Manasi and pretend as if they are busy with their work and nothing happened. Manasi also pretends like she has not heard anything.

Manasi is in love with a rich guy named Tanish for four years. Many times, Tanish expresses his wish to marry Mansi but every time Manasi replies that she is postponing the marriage as she is the bread-winner of her home and she is having responsibility of her brothers and sisters. Tanish tells that it is not a problem at all and tries to convince her that she could continue her responsibility towards family even after their marriage. But Manasi strictly refuses to marry Tanish for now.

As usual on the salary day her brothers and sisters are not happy as they are not getting everything they wish. Bhagyashri starts criticizing Manasi and tells her that she should hand over the entire salary to her or else she cannot manage the household. Manasi’s sister Padma too criticizes her by telling that Manasi is spending too much for her own clothes and make up instead of giving money for household expenses. Madhav and Mohan also criticize Manasi. Madan also complains that he is not having any trendy clothes to wear while going to college. Manasi shows them accounts and tells that she is saving money in her brother and sister’s names for their marriage and education and there is nothing in her name. She asks her brother Madhav to give up drinking, become responsible and to search for an employment. She expresses her wish to get married and tells that she wants to settle down in life just like other girls. She tells that she needs rest from hectic working life. Bhagyashri and Padma feels guilty and they pity Manasi but Madan and Madhav are however not convinced. Manasi leaves to office after having her breakfast. Madhav promises his brothers and sisters that he will quit drinking, will prove Manasi wrong and  teach her a good lesson, but he fails to pass in an employment interview which he had on that day and he returns home drunken as usual.

Manasi meets Tanish after her office work. Tanish expresses his wish to marry Manasi and have a family of his own. Manasi wishes Tanish good luck for his marriage and leaves him. Tanish is now in a state of confusion.

Next day evening Tanish surprisingly goes to Manasi’s house to meet her.  Manasi’s first younger sister Bhagyashri serves him with mango juice. Tanish is not able to take off his eyes from her. Bhagyashri was looking very pretty in pink sari. She shies away and goes inside the bedroom.

From that day Tanish keeps an eye on Bhagyashri’s activities. He finds that Bhagyashri goes to temple and he proposes Bhagyashri there. Tanish tells that he is in love with her and her beauty. He expresses his wish to marry her and give her a new happy life. Bhagyashri couldn’t sleep whole night. Manasi observes the change in Bhagyashri’s behavior. Next day, she follows Bhagyashri to temple. There she finds Tanish proposing Bhagyashri and asking for her reply. Bhagyashri is blushing and very shy. Manasi rushes there, picks some Kumkum from the goddess feet and asks Tanish to apply it on Bhagyashri’s forehead as a mark of their marriage. Manasi tries hard to hide her tears. Tanish does the same, even though he is feeling bit guilty. Manasi tells Tanish that she has no objection for this marriage and Tanish is really helping her family a lot by marrying Bhagyashri. She thanks Tanish, once again and leave the place.

Next month, on an auspicious day Tanish ties the auspicious knot with Bhagyashri. Manasi is happy for her sister now. Same month her brother Madhav gets a new job. Manasi is very relaxed now. She gives her resignment letter to her boss in the office.

Same day her colleague Manish who was loving Manasi secretly meets Manasi’s brother at her house. He expresses his wish to marry Manasi. Same time Manasi also comes there. She has listened everything. She is very shy and runs inside her room. Manish expresses his love and asks her opinion about marriage. Manasi is very shy to reply. Manish asks her to touch his mid finger if she is not agreed with this marriage and if she to touch the index finger if she is willing to marry him. Manasi holds his index finger. Their marriage gets fixed on an auspicious day and Manasi is very happy now. She starts dreaming about her marriage and her own family.

Suddenly one fine day, police comes to Manasi’s house and arrests Madhav in the case of bribery. They are having full proof about Madhav’s bribery case. Madhav gets four years imprisonment sentence in the court for taking bribes. This incident shocks Manasi. She speaks with Manish and tells that she does not want to marry now. Manish replies that he will wait for her. But Manasi begs and convinces Manish to marry her younger sister Padma in that case. Manish at last agrees with Manasi’s decision. Everyone in Manasi’s house are shocked by her decision but they do not dare to ask to Manasi. Manish marries Padma.

Manasi, who is fierce but provides light to her family like a flame continues going to office for work. She looks after Madan, Mohan and Bela like a mother.

–END–

