Family Short Story – Forced Marriage

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the story of a girl who loves someone but cannot be married with her lover due to her parent’s desire. She got her love in the form of care and sacrifice by her lover’s wife which is shown in my story:-

Rekha was an accountant in a private company. One day, a person named Ravi joined the company as her senior officer in the office. After some time, Rekha begun to like Ravi and Ravi also begun to like Rekha. One day, Ravi proposed her by the phone and Rekha also open her heart before her. Both decided to talk to her parents because both belong to same community and there was a chance for agreement by the parents for their marriage.

When Rekha told her parents about Ravi and asked their permission for marriage, they refused and warned her that if she marries him,they will commit suicide because they want to fulfil the dream of her marriage by selecting the groom of their own choice.

Rekha got sad, narrated the whole incident to Ravi and advised him ” My parents has denied our marriage proposal. So, I don’t want to keep the relation with you in future.I am advising to marry someone by your parent’s choice.”

Ravi agreed and said ” I love you with true heart. True love never dies. I don’t want to ruin your life. Be happy in your married life. If you want any help from me, I will help you as a good friend”.

Then Rekha’s parents begun to search the life-partner for her with the help of their Family Pandit. After some time, they searched a boy from rich family(named Aakash) for her daughter and Ravi also got married by his parents.

Parents of Aakash want to make their son married against his wish. Aakash was staying in live-in relationship with a girl named Abhilasha because both belong to different communities and Abhilasha’s parents were disagreed for their marriage. Aakash’s Parents forced Rekha’s parents for marriage within a week. Rekha’s parents got agreed without any doubt and didn’t tried to take any information about Aakash and his family.

On the first night, Aakash disclose the secret of his live-in relationship with Abhilasha. Rekha started crying and asked “What is my fault? You have spoiled my life. You have deceived me.I will take divorce” and then she told about her love.

Aakash said “I don’t like you. This is our forced marriage. I have accepted you due to my parent’s desire.”

Then Rekha scolded her in-laws for deceiving her and went to her parents house.

When she told everything and her decision of divorce, then her parents refused and said ” We have spent a lot of money in your marriage. We have given 10 Lacs cash in Dowry. If you will take divorce, what will be our image in the society?Try to adjust with situation and compromise with him”.

Rekha refuse and said ” What type of adjustment? You have given the cash of 10 Lac due to your own choice, and I was not involved in it. I have lost my love because of your desire but I am deceived by groom of your choice. You have not taken any information about him. I am suffering because of you.”

Parents warned her ” If you will not accept it, then we will not give you any support.

Rekha got angry and said ” If you don’t want to support me then I will never come here and considered me that I am not alive for you and you are not alive for me. So, no need to worry for me because I am breaking my relation with you.”

Parents got surprised but they didn’t try to stop her. After that, Rekha filed a case of divorce and got separated with the help of Abhilasha(Husband’s live-in partner) because she was a lawyer and was sympathised with her in real manner. One day, her ex-lover and her wife(named Megha) met with her in the market and begun to ask about her married life. Rekha started crying and narrated the whole incident to them . Both were sympathised with her and consoled her.

Megha said”Ravi told me everything about you. You have rejected his proposal due to your parent’s desire and your husband have deceived you. Now, I am just like your younger sister and you can share anything with me whenever you want.”

After sometime, Megha decided to meet Rekha with Jitender(who works in her office), whose parents died in a road accident and a younger married sister. When Rekha met Jitender, he said “I know everything about your life. If you like me, then you can propose me otherwise you can accept me as a good friend because I cannot trust easily on me. If you want to marry with me, then you can marry otherwise you can stay in live-in relationship with me. I will respect your decision”.

Rekha smiled and decided to marry him in the court with the help of Megha and Abhilasha. After that, they decided to go and work together in other country to live their life happily.

–END–

