Family Short Story with Moral – Smiling Boy

Short Story with Moral – Smiling Boy

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today father brought something with him, a boy. He was some orphan kid, his father died, dad said that his father was a security guard of our office and had died while saving father’s life, and in return father promised him to raise his child. I saw him, even after he had suffered, he was smiling, only thing I had in mind was, what is with this boy?

‘Whatever,’ I said.

Then he came to me, greeted me and father said he was my brother, I saw him, he smiled again. How can someone smile after this much? After dinner I saw him standing on the balcony crying, I don’t know why but I went to him and asked that why was he crying he replied,

‘ I am not crying brother, this are tears of happiness. I never thought that I would end up in a place like this, after the death of father, I was alone, I had no one even my family had turned their back on me. But then your father came from nowhere and everything changed, my father must be happy. And now that I have this day I’ll always cherish it. I’ll make myself worth it. Now that I am here I must thank uncle, aunty and moreover you who was the first one asking me that why was I crying. When I was coming here I was scared that how would everyone react, but the time I entered everyone was grateful to me and I did not feel that I am orphan, I finally had met the people with whom I feel safe, and moreover feel warm. Thank you for accepting me, I’ll make myself worth it.’

And then after saying me he hugged me. I was thinking, his life was just too cruel but he endured the pain and was showering positive attitude. Life is a teacher; if you pay attention you’ll learn many things. That boy, that day, taught me something, something precious, something to cherish the whole life, something I’ll just never forget. And moreover I had got a brother, the one soul mate I always needed, the only thing I never had.

After some days  someone bullying on him, I ran to them and the boy over there asked who are you, and I said “I am his brother and I cannot let you bully on him”.

That day I felt something, something I never felt, I had a brother. After we went home I asked father that he is my brother then why does he stays other room, father was shocked. He said,

“ you want him to stay with you” I nodded in reply.

He hugged me and then he himself that day made the preparations’ for us to live in the same room. I had my brother, I was happy, he was happy, and watching us father was happy.

__END__

