Family Short Story – September 4,2008

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

There are lot of people surviving in this world. Each and every person will have an incident, which they can’t forget in their lifetime. Such incident may be very joyful or sorrowful. But in my life the incidents which I can’t forget are mostly sorrowful. The incident which took place on 4th September 2008 is the top of all other incidents.

I’m Aashish, I love my family very much. There are three more members in my family. My mom, she is a homemaker. There is no one in this world like her to care me as well as to scold me. My dad works in a private company. His work is to take survey about the products that we use in our daily life. I love him very much. I used to sleep near my dad and he used to rub my back to get me off to sleep. But he won’t spend time with us, he often stays outside, on some occasion he will stay with us. He used to eat all kinds of non-veg and has the habit of drinking alcohol. He won’t care about his health.

Next comes my brother, who is studying fifth standard. His daily duty is to eat,sleep and to watch serials. We all lead a life with both pleasures and pressures. September 4th of 2008 is the day which twisted my life.

As usually myself and my brother went to school. My parents went to attend our relative’s marriage. We all returned home at evening. Many of our  relatives came to visit us, because of that we bought parotta for our dinner. But doctor advised my dad not to eat parotta, because he has high Bp and sugar. As usualy he didn’t take care of that and took four parottas. Then our relatives started to depart from our home at 8.30 pm. My brother-in-law stayed with us that night.

We all slept around 9:45 pm. The time will be around 11:45 pm. I heard a strange sound and I got up. My mom too heard that sound. We found that it was my dad. On those days the shit government used to shutdown the power for nearly 12 hours a day. 12pm to 1pm is the power shutdown time. I lighted up the candle. We were looking at my dad. Suddenly his body raised a little and fell down. He made the strange sound again twice and became silent. My mom found that my dad is not breathing.

I rushed to my neighbor’s house and asked for help. They called for an auto and they took my dad to the hospital. I was left alone in the home to take care of my brother and brother-in-law. I was so afraid of my dad.The only thing I know is to cry and to pray. I kept on crying by facing the sky. I requested god to leave my dad with me.

After few hours I heard a crying sound. It was my mom. She came near me and said that my dad has left us. I don’t know what to do. I was simply standing but my tears were running over my cheeks. I don’t even know how to console my mom. After few months I came to know that my dad died because of heart attack. As a son its my responsible to take care of my dad’s health, but I remain as a irresponsible son for my dad. I was thinking of an idea how to bring my dad back for many years, but it is impossible.

My life was not ended up with this incident, it will just move on by facing lot of ups and downs till I quit.

__END__

