Family Short Story – This is Not the End

Photo credit: 

 from 

Who cares about this bul**hit. I have made my decision. I am going to commit suicide. I am going to take my life.

Sanath was walking barefoot. He can see the railway tracks.

Whatever good was in his life, whoever loved him and whoever he loved ; everything ; everything had gone. Some died , some cheated.

He was looking like hell. Grown beard, uncombed hair, and stinky cloths. It’s not a function for which he has to look good. After all a person wants to look good for society but when society become ugly then what makes sense to look good for them.

His daughter had cancer. Only God (money) can save her who is not at her side. His business went down. Friends lost the meaning of friend. There is absolutely no reason remains for a rational woman to live with him. She went USA to live with her father.

Yeah! There were somebody to show bl*ody something what you called sympathy. But it’s better to live in your misery alone than surrounding by the talking mannequin. He was sick of the phrase “I understand.”

He reached at the railway tracks. He looks at his watch. There is distance of 10 minutes between him and his death on the track of time. He thinks what to do in those 10 minutes. He could wait for train by sleeping across track or run toward the train. He chose the second option. If I am running from life then why not embrace the death proudly. Yeah! I am tired of living but I want to make a last run. Last run, not for life but for death. A run which would be rewarded by death.

He started running, running without shoes on the track of grit.

Poooo…the whistle of train.

‘’Daddy, I love you”

He looks back. There was nobody.

“Daddy, I love you”

He looks back, again there was nobody.

His sole starts bleeding but he didn’t care.

“Daddy, I am here in your heart. This is the place where I live. This is the place from where no one can ask me to leave. I still alive in this place. But if you die today I would die also. Daddy I don’t want to die again. No, not at this time.”

Suddenly everything changed. He wants to live, live for his daughter. He saw her dying in front of her and now it is just impossible for him to let her go again.

But you know only a person can change his decision not train. Train is destined to meet his body. So train comes in front of him. He tries to stop himself. But it was too late.

Boooooooooommmmmm!!!!!!

His body flung in the air but not in hundred pieces ,one piece.

He succeeds in jumping other side of track.

He said “baby, I love you”

Yeah! Its right  “

__END__

