Family Short Story – INSIDE OUT

Photo credit: 

 from 

When I first saw her, I wondered that she is very and very much beautiful. I called my friend Bun and shoed towards her, who is busy in counting her baggage and luggage in the airport.

“She looks like a movie star. See how beautiful she appears. If I were a producer, I order my director to book her as the heroine for the picture we are taking.”

Bob looked at me with a wonder. He asked me to look at her who is already a famous heroine. “You don’t know who is heroine and who is not, how can you become a producer? It is why you stayed as a simple bakery owner. Go recognize which is bread and which is biscuit, if not you lose to be a owner of the Bakery also. She is a popular heroine who has acted in more than 20 films as the heroine.”

When Bob said about her, I wondered how I was the owner of even a popular bakery in the city. I must be somewhere in some remote island fishing for the people in that island.

 Before my eyes, that island flashed where I was fishing for a big fish. Nobody is there fishing except me.

 Within few minutes, I caught a big fish, as big as myself.

“Wow, you are mermaid! Am I right?”

“Look at my legs!”

There are legs, very beautiful. I am very much fascinated at her.

“So, mermaids can change as beautiful women!”

“As you like it!”

“I know I like you so much. If I have a beautiful wife like you, I will be a happy man in my life!”

“Are you married?”

“No. Not yet!”

“Then, why wait? You can marry me now.”

The beautiful mermaid is in white wedding gown. I am married with the queen of the blue waters.

 “I am great fisherman! I fished the sweet mermaid!” I said with my sweet wife, giving her a gold fish,

 “I am a great fisher woman. I hooked a rich fish!”

“Of course, why not? You are wife of a great fisherman who caught a mermaid!”

“No… That’s not true. I am a cute fisher woman. My father is a fisher man. My mother is a fisher woman. You, my brother, my sister, my family, we all are fishermen! I am not a mermaid as you are thinking.”

“Wow! What a great success! I have fished many fishes at a time!” I hugged my wife with sweet love.

 She is happy for she got a husband who loves fishing and fishermen so much.

Years passed and passed.

“Fish whatever you like to have! Nothing comes to your hand without your efforts. Efforts to get something are fishing.” Mother said with young daughter.

“I don’t believe this mom!”

“Believe. I am the big example. I fished your dad. He looks at me as if I am a mermaid. I am bathing in the sea, saw your dad, I jumped in to his lap as joke. He thought that I am a mermaid. He married me thinking he is marrying a mermaid. A fisher woman can not marry a rich man like your father, if there is no fishing talent!”

“Mom! You are spoiling my spirit. Love is above all. Let me see who loves me to have me as a good life partner. I don’t like your fishing tricks!”

The girl is above normal IQ. She is very clear in her thoughts. She has enough courage to face any strong blind beliefs. Nobody dare to oppose her if she is stubborn on any point.

“Hi Carter, I love you.”

“I too love you. Our parents will not accept our relation.”

“Why do you think like that?”

“My father said that you are the daughter of a very rich family. Your father had a chain of bakeries in the city. My father is working as a clerk under your father. So thinking like this is natural.”

“No Carter. Marriage is some gift one should accept when it comes from heaven. We are decided. Let me make my parents accept for our match. If not, we will not accept our parents as our well wishers.”

Carter got the strength from her words.

“You are right Lucy. You are done.”

This reflected in the personal office room of her father.

“Bob, I love you. You are more than my clerk and friend. You helped me grow. I know how fool I am.”

 Bob looked at me. He could not believe me. The papers I gave shows that Bob is equally rich with me. I made him the owner of six shops in the city.

My wife could not believe me, she wondered. She is not bad.

“Yes mermaid! I made him rich father-in-law for my daughter.”

I call my wife mermaid. She is like my dream. Why you know? She never says no to anything that I say yes. She is half of my mind and soul. I am inside when she is outside. I am outside when she is inside.

_THE END_

