Family Short Story – The Beloved Confusion

Photo credit: 

 from 

One kilometer away from Grandma’s house, I was walking with my mummy, sister and aunt. Mummy and aunt were talking about my grandma whom we were going to visit. Aunt lived nearby. She visited grandma regularly but rest of us, live in a different city and visit once in an year. Aunt told us that grandma missed all of us. This statement made me walk faster. I did not want to make her wait anymore.

I was finally going to meet her after an year. I loved her a lot. She was the one who named me and I must say I had never seen someone as beautiful as her. I never understood how she could look that beautiful despite of so many wrinkles but those wrinkles seemed to add to her beauty. She had sparkling eyes and it was impossible for anyone to meet her and not get influenced by her calm, polite and loving personality.

Lost in thoughts, I did not realize that we had reached there and mummy was already knocking the door. The door opened and there she was, completely stunned at our sudden appearance. And then I witnessed the most beloved confusion of my life.

She opened her arms, but seemed unable to decide whom to embrace first. She was standing with opened arms, ready to welcome her daughters and granddaughters into a warm hug, but she could not decide who deserved the honor first. She looked like a 4 years old child who was offered 4 candies but she could not decide which one to pick first. She seemed unable to hold this much happiness. Tears were sparkling on her wrinkled face.

And that is it. Her smiling face, teary eyes and opened arms are my last memories of my grandma. She left the world 9 days after that incidence. I will always remember the most beloved confusion that I ever witnessed. In those few seconds I felt the love she had for all of us. I wish i could be the one to be in her welcoming arms first but, the honor was received by my mother. People usually don’t find confusions good. But personally, I love this one.

–END–

