Family Short Story – WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU ARE OVERAMBITIOUS

Photo credit: 

 from 

Short story is a statement of incidence or happening which is in short/brief and readers can finish it in a single sitting within the shortest possible time and can conclude what the theme is and what the writer wants to convey in sort of a message to the people of the society through it.

 Here are two short stories of two different parents of two different families.

 Mr. Mallick was a good friend of mine. He was Dy. Chief Finance Manager in a PSU and mine was Finance Manager. We were working in the same department under the different controlling officers. Both of us were being controlled under staff and line management system. As such my CO was CMS of the hospital and GM (F) at HQ whereas his was GM ( System ) and GM ( F ) at HQ.GM(F) was the Head of the Finance in the company as whole. We had to attend the GM ( F )’s and D( F )’s meetings at HQ as and when called for. He very often represented GM( System ), his CO – HOD of Computer Department. Here also we met and talked about the working trend and policy of our company. We discussed about the progress of work of the Areas including ours in his department. `

 My friend was very calm and quit. He was very intelligent and well behaved. Everybody loved him like anything. He was in charge of a section and assigned with very responsible job. Under him were working a good number of executives and nonexecutives as subordinates to assist him in discharging his duty efficiently and effectively.

 I used to attend his office very frequently and had to see him about the work of my office. Very happily did he use to listen to my problem and used to order his subordinate to get the job done on priority basis as I was a good friend of him and posted in to take care of the officers, staff and workers of the hospital to their expectation.

 Though Mr. Mallick was a good friend of mine, I never pressurized him for any job at any time. The ways I used to present my cases or grievances, immediately did he understand. Sometimes when he was extremely busy, our eyes were sufficient enough to understand each other.

 Secondly his wife was Sr. Medical Officer in our hospital and I was the HOD and paying officer. Mrs. Mallick knows that I was the good friend of his husband. My friend was worriless, since I was there to take care of her in all that she needed in connection with her pay, allowances and perks.

 Mr. & Mrs. Mallick were living happily in a very good bungalow with her only daughter Miss Pratibha Mallick ( name changed ) who was not only beautiful as fairy but very intelligent student in an English Medium highly reputed school of the region also. She was topping in her classes almost all the years. We were expecting that today or tomorrow she would do something miracle in her life.

Here is a turning point in the short story:

Miss Pratibha Mallick passed tenth class with about 98% marks in science stream. She topped in her school. One and all concerned were very happy to congratulate the student for excellent performance in the board exam.,and the parents too for right guidance to their daughter.

 Parents were highly ambitious about her daughter taking into consideration her extraordinary result in tenth board. They thought of admitting her daughter in one of the most prestigious and highly reputed schools in New Delhi. Wife and husband consulted each other, talked to their near and dear ones and her daughter too and came to a conclusion to admit her in New Delhi’s as stated above. As I learnt from the reliable sources that the principal of the school requested Mr. and Mrs. Mallick not to take her daughter anywhere, keep her there itself, she would do the best in twelfth and could compete any JEE of the country, but the parents turned a deaf ear to her request, instead took the TC along with all necessary certificates and testimonials to facilitate her admission in New Delhi.

 They rushed to New Delhi and admitted her daughter in a very prestigious and highly reputed school and after leaving her in school’s hostel came back happily to their bungalow.

***

To be Contd…

Writer: Durga Prasad.Bich Bazar,GT Road,Gobindpur, Dhanbad – 828109

 Tuesday, Dated : 21st. October 2014 . Time : 5.45 PM.

**

