Family Short Story – SEPARATED

Photo credit: 

 from 

RETURN

One morning after school, Jay and Ashlie went to find Veronica Ma’am.

‘Ma’am! Veronica Ma’am!  Jay called. ‘Ma’am I am celebrating my 14th birthday at the Silver hotel, could you please come and bless me’ asked Ashlie.

‘Oh! my dear why not. You’re a blessed child. I would surely join and thank you so much for the invitation. It’s beautiful!’ said Veronica Ma’am. Jay looked at his step sister proudly.

Ashlie and Jay were together since kindergarten. When Jay’s father Mr. Kurian passed away , his lonely mother Jessica was shattered. Ashlie’s mother Lisa is alive but she doesn’t care about her family and wants to focus on her acting career. She stated in an interview among the other stars that ” I am a wife and a mother but never felt it like that is my world but when I act it gives me happiness. I wasn’t ready for marriage and a baby of course not!”

Lisa left her husband John when Ashlie was just 2 months! She agreed to keep the baby till she turns 1 and went through a mutual understanding with John that Ashlie is his responsibility and she is just a biological mother.

John raised Ashlie with so much of love and care. He started attending his business meetings at home when Ashlie fell asleep and made sure each and every moment was filled with happiness for her. He often cried when he thought about his first love, Lisa. He was broken at times when Ashlie was growing up and watched Lisa on movies and couldn’t say her that Ashlie that’s your mama.

Ashlie was a sharp kid. She attended nursery and kindergarten with Jay. And that’s how Mr. John and Mrs. Jessica share their stories and fell in love.

Today, every person at the society respect their love and every couple wants to be like them!

‘Yeah! Veronica Ma’am is going to attend my party’ said Ashlie with a wide smile.

‘But Ash, did you call Saurav and Priti?’ asked Jay.

Ashlie’s smile fades. “Um, no Jay. Remember the last birthday, he insulted dada’ said Ashlie.

Ashlie goes into flash back and she remembers the day when she is dressed up like a Barbie princess and her friends praise her parents for a fairytale party. Saurav and his twin sister Priti had said in front of her friends that “Ashlie’s mother hates her and Jessica is her step mother”.

Jay notices Ashlie’s smile fading and her eyes turning red so he changes the topic. ‘Hey! want some frozen ice cream with strawberry toppings  and chocolate sauce?’ asked Jay with a wicked smile.

‘Yummy. I am drooling.” said Ashlie.

They walk to the house and hears a lady’s voice who was screaming. Ashlie and Jay looks at each other and rush towards their house. Ashlie yells ‘Oh my god! It’s Lisa! I love your movies” and turns towards her father and asks ‘ Is she the special guest for my birthday?’

Jay looks at his mother and sees her wiping her tears. ‘ Mom! why are you crying?’ he asks.

Ashlie’s attention drives towards Jessica and she shouts ‘ Mama! what happened why are you crying ?’ and hugs her.

Lisa pulls Ashlie from Jessica and yells ‘ I am your mama!”

Ashlie felt like the world stopped for a second and she had no power to stand with her own legs. She fell down and looked shockingly at her father.

 ***

(to be continued)

