Family Short Story – Alternate Mother

Photo credit: 

 from 

Those memories are strange which haunt us without being able to get rid of them even though they remind us of someone whom we never want to forget. I am glad at not being able to pass a single day without Mary. She was maid who came to my home twice in every week. She was tall, thin, bearded as I would define her. I had known her since I was a child of twelve years old. At that point of time my parents lived in old house in countryside which is also attached to various farms.

I adored her. I remember as soon as I was up to school she was working in the kitchen preparing for the breakfast or rather doing household chores. When I arrived from school on a rainy day she used to wrap blanket around me so that I might not get cold. She told me various stories of king and queen, warriors, wicked old man who used to kidnap small child when I  sleep. I love to hear from her. She made me study. We used to play hide and seek and she always finds me easily.

One day when I returned from school I saw Mary lying on the floor. I ran away tears rolled out of my eyes. I told everyone about it and in a few minutes I came to know that she is dead. The news spread in a moment, cannot describe terrible emotion which I experienced  her lying body still flashes in my head. I went to my room sat under the bed and started crying. I didn’t came out until my father came and explained me the cause of the tragic accident which I understood nothing. He went on talking.

She was seventeen, pretty girl. She was assistant teacher, very kind hearted. She once saved a drowning child who by mistake had fallen into the well and became hero of the village. She despise man of nasty character and help anyone who deserved to be helped that was her ideology. She was an unfortunate girl born of poor parents who died when she was five years old. She merely complained in her whole life. She did not marry but adored a boy who she cannot marry the reason I was not told. In my eyes she was a heroine, noble soul. A devoted women who died virgin.

I came down in the hall where my mom cried and on the street people were carrying her body to the grave.

–END–

