Family Short Story – I HATE DOGS

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

My father and mother love dogs. When I am a child, I use to play with dogs. In one way, Dogs my good friends. I am clubbed with dogs in such an extent.

When I am settled in business, dad brought a match for me from his friends circle. The girl is beautiful. Her name is Brita. She is working as English professor in Delhi University. I liked her. I came to know that she did not like me. I am MBA from American University and I worked in America for some time. Here in India I have few big business organizations. I am hurt to here that a girl working as just English professor did not like me.

I saw her photo. She is a good writer. A famous Publishing House has published her books. I bought all her books and read. I did not like some of her books. I came to know that the Publishing House that has published her books is running in loss. I met the owner of that house. I said that I want to buy that house and I will make that a promising better publishing house.

The owner of that house is impressed at my words. He sold the company to me and put a condition that I should not close the company. I agreed.

Three more novels by Brita are under print. I called Brita to my new office in publication house. She looked at me with wonder.

“You are James, the Business Magnet from America.”

I know that she recognized me. But I have pretended as I did not know her.

“I am Indian. So I came back to do my business in India.” I said.

“James, tell me how you got this sudden interest in publishing house.” She asked looking deep in to my eyes.

“Publishing house is one of my interests. I preferred to have a running publishing house. The owner is ready to sell this house, I had it. That’s all.” I said.

“James I heard that you gave this house five crore rupees more than its value.” Brita said with a wonder in her voice.

“You are right. I know that. I want to help the owner who lost some crores in this business.”

“So you know that it is sinking ship. Yet you are generous to have it offering very good amount. You are very generous on the publishing house that published my novels. I thank you.” Brita said with a smile.

We had just a simple talk. Nothing more. Brita started coming to meet me often and she speaks something about her novels to come. I correct her thoughts for which she is very much happy.

One day Brita asked me to visit her house and have food prepared by her. I went there. Brit’s father knows who I am. He is happy to see me there on my own effort. After dinner, I sat in her room. I saw a photo in a frame on her writing table. I wonder to see one thing.

When Brita came in to the room, I pointed at my photo and asked her, “What is that?”

In that photo I stand with a beautiful small white dog. The dog picture is covered with a black tape.

“I don’t like dogs” Brita said.

I wondered to see this answer.

“I hate dogs.” Brita said again.

I know that there is something she has to say about dogs. I simply did wait to hear what she will say.

“When I got the match, I was happy to have you as my life partner is a lucky thing. When I saw this photo, I cannot control my feelings. I feel like my enemy is in your hands as affectionate animal.”

Brita stopped for a while. I really felt it as a the unexpected thing.

“See, dogs are in our house as fellows. I am among them in my family as my father and mother love dogs very much. I have no special interest for them and they have no fixed place in my personal life. May I know why you don’t like to see dogs. Tell me the reason for hating dogs.” I asked Brita.

“I have a best friend in my college days. She is Catherine Elliott. She was in love with a boy. He has plenty of dogs in his house. One day when Catherine went to his house to meet him, a small dog in his house attacked on her and her eyes are damaged. After five years treatment, now she can see, but not perfectly. After this incident, a fear is in my heart. I don’t like to see dogs. I hate dogs.” Brita said.

I smiled. There after I take to my house and showed her how dogs behave more politely than men.

The little dog in my photo came to me. Brita is afraid. I told her not to worry. I loved and the little dog kissed me. She is looking at Brita for love. Brita took her with hesitation. She kissed Brita’s hands.

I use to take that dog to my office in the publishing house. Whenever Brita comes there, the little dog spends much of her time with Brita. Brita came in my life. She left her job in the University. She is going to the publishing house as MD. The little white dog also goes with her.

__END__

