“Attack them” shouted Sindhya while dragging her chair and sat on it to take her dinner with fork and spoon in both her hands . She shouted at her sister “Come on you evil trying to take my special formula?, guards take her to the prison! this is the queen’s order!” .

“Oh! my dear 5 year old queen please be seated in your place and eat this master chef’s food specialy prepared for you majesty!” said their mother.

“You silly , I am the queen forever and you will not be able to take my place ,do you understand?”shouted back her sister Shivani .

Both stared at each other , their father came and kept his hand in the middle stopping the fight .

“What is today’s special ? Come on lets have an interesting competition in this who so ever finishes two plates of poridge will win this competition” suggested their father . Both knoded their head accepting the idea .

Both of them ate as fast as they could and their faces were as if they have swallowed a whole hot air balloon instead of food . Their parents started laughing at them , their faces turned red out of anger, their parents tried to console them but they could not stop laughing .

They though continued their competition , Sindhya finished one plate of food and opened her mouth to ask for another plate of porridge. The food she was holding in her mouth fell as if a fountain and it just fell on their daddy’s face .

 Seeing that , their mother holding her stomach fell on the floor laughing . Even Shivani spitted the food on Sindhya’s face.

Four of them laughed together . But anyway they did not stop fighting.

Sindhya was insulted before everyone , so she went to her room and packed her bag with many books and went to kitchen to pack her bag with some eatables .

She went and stood near the main door. Just then her sister saw her and mocked at her “where are you going big joker , to spit on some one else?”. Sindhya was now very angry she slammed the door and went out in her backyard and saw the sun shinning brightly . She wanted to make something to admire the sun.

So she went to the Garage. She saw some card boards and went behind them to find out if something was useful she searched nearly for an hour and became terribly tired, she quickly  fell asleep.

Shivani’s mother called everyone to eat lunch. Everyone except Sindhya came into the dinning hall. Then everyone started to search everywhere for her. Shivani came to the garden to search for her.

They saw in the Garage, she was not visible because the card boards hid her and therefore thought that she was not there .

It was evening by now and Shivani being tired of searching her,sat down on the grass to watch the sunset . Sindhya woke up and opened the door of the garage,her sister saw her and said “come and be seated, it is really beautiful to watch the sun set”.

They together saw the beautiful sunset, suddenly from Sindhya’s stomach they heard a sound,she was hungry .To say both of them were hungry .

Then Sindhya went to the Garage,she brought her bag. She said to her sister “I packed some snacks in this, let us have it” .”No problem in eating snacks in this hungry situation” said Shivani.

_*_*_

