Family Short Story – SOME RELATIONS NEVER DIE

Photo credit: 

 from 

c Relations are not only  born of blood but “relations” in true sense are made of feelings.This is the story of a girl named Noor, brought up with her 2 younger sisters and a younger brother in the sharma family living in mumbai.

Noor was the adopted daughter of the sharmas About 22 years ago ,Mr. and Mrs. sharma were on a trip to Lucknow where they met a bus accident and lost their 2 yrs old daughter but successfully saved a baby girl whose parents were dead by the same accident .

Mrs sharma – ” its destiny that decides who should be whose life ,and destiny decided this baby to be in my arms. If you really can see my pain and want to releive it Mr.sharma ,then complete the adoption formalities of this baby girl” .

Mr.Sharma – ” your happiness is all i want Mrs.sharma. I name this baby as NOOR(meaning light) ,because she came to us as light of our life ”

The Sharmas loved the child very much but soon desires to give birth to their own child came up and 2 more daughters and a son took birth in the sharma family . Sharmas were very happy with their children and for Noor, her family was her life.

Mr.Sharma was invited in a party with his family . At the party:-

Mrs. joshi – ” hey Mrs.sharma you are still looking the same, i appreciate your beauty” .

Mrs.Sharma – ” thanks Mrs .Joshi , but my daughters are more beautifull than me .”

Mrs.joshi – ” they must be , after all , they are your daughters, i wanna meet them , can u please call these angels?”

Mrs.sharma- ” sure Mrs.Joshi . Nupur please come dear and bring your younger sis natasha with you. Meet them Mrs.joshi ”

Noor eagerly waits for her call but her mom dosen’t call her . She thinks to herself

” my cute mom forgot to call me in hurriness but she loves me a lot ..”

The Sharmas get their daughters admitted in the same college . List of her sacrifices starts from here:

Noor was the best student and was praised by each and every faculty.she used to score the top marks in her subjects and her sister Nupur the second highest marks. At college:-

Faculty – ” This time there is  a prizecash contest , one who attains the top marks will be awarded cash as reward by the principal himself in the prize giving ceremony” .

Nupur- ” Noor di ,you know its papa’s birthday the next month . I want to surprise him with something special that i have never done before ,and for that i need money .I have a bit in my account and if you can give a only a half of the rewarded cash i can fulfil my wish .I know di you will surely get the top marks.Nobody can beat my sister “.

Noor-“surely you will be able to surprise papa with something special .I promise you Nupur “.

Nupur -“thanks di ,you are the best ,love you ”

Noor- “you too “.

On prize giving ceremony :-

Principal – ” I reward this cash prize to the one who got the highest percentage of marks in the test held in the last month .The reward goes to Ms.Nupur Sharma ”

All were shocked coz it was Noor who always used to get the highest percentage and all expected Noor to get the reward.

At the mall :-

Nupur – Di i know you did this because of me ,i know it was your cleverness that gave me this reward .Why did you sacrifice di ? I never meant to take your position which you have attained with your efforts ,skills and worthiness”.

Noor-” Stop rubbish Nupur . I lost the reward coz i couldn’t write the test well. Is it necessary that in all tests i will prove out to be the best one?”

They bought special gifts for their papa and enjoyed his birthday well..

The Sharmas suddenly suffered heavy losses in business and ran into difficult days with shortage of money .Noor was great in painting and hence she decided to help her family by selling her paintings and earn money .She was supporting her family this way .

At evening :-

Natasha – “Mom i dnt think Noor didi is doing this to run our family .She is doing this to get famous .She is just using us.One day she will be a famous painter and leave all of us .Before the day comes we need to get our financial position back “.

Mrs.Sharma-“What nonsense Natasha ,she is my daughter and i have full faith in her .How can you think  so mean of  her “.

Natasha -” Mom ,dnt forget that she is your adopted child ,she is not our blood ,and can deceive us anytime for anything .Relations are made by blood .By calling her your daughter she is not going to be your daughter”.

Noor overhears the conversation and cries.From next day, she started selling her paintings but not by her own name but by her sister’s name Natasha ,who loves painting and want to be a successful painter.The paintings were hers but the signatures were of Natasha .This way Natasha came to be known as a famous painter and started getting many painting offers . But behind all paintings it was Noor .

Mr.khanna and family visited The Sharmas a day and offered the marriage of her only son to Mr.Sharma’s eldest daughter Noor .

Mrs.Khanna-” Our family is one of the most reputed family .My only son lives in U.K ,runs his own business,is very successful in his life .Now he wants  a  wife to manage his life well .Lives in U.K but still holds Indian cultures in his blood .Your daughter will be very happy with him ”

Mrs.Sharma – ” It will be very great if we both combine in a family .I would love to give my daughter’s hand to your son’s hand”.

Nupur – ” Mom Noor di will be very happy .The boy is very good ,belongs from a highly reputed family and even earns a lot and the most exciting part is that she will be in U.K .

Mrs.Sharma- “Not Noor, Its you who will be in U.K coz you are my eldest daughter and i dnt want this adopted child to snatch my daughter’s part of happiness.We adopted her and saved her from being called an orphan,isnt it enough ?”.

Natasha – “absolutely right mommy “.

Mrs.Sharma – ” Mrs.Khanna we agree the marriage proposal of Nupur and Dheeraj.My eldest daughter is Nupur and Noor is an  adopted child,i think you want to be in relation with the daughter of this family ,and hence Nupur is the perfect one “.

Noor smiles ,hides all her tears and sorrow and soon engages herself in the preparation of her sister’s marriage .Nupur gets married and she was happy to see her life settled .

After few years Natasha got married to a rich young man , now she was left alone to take care of her parents.Her brother too grew up into a young and handsome boy .Mr.Sharma grew old .He was happy that both his daughters got settled ,now he wanted to settle his Noor.

Some day Mr.Sharma fell ill .He was shocked to see both his daughters on his side and much shocked to learn that they came to demand their part of property.

Mr.Sharma – ” The property will be divided into four parts and you both will receive yor part of property soon ”

Mrs.Sharma -” Have you gone mad ?The property will be divided into 3 parts .For Nupur ,Natasha and for Rohan, and as far as Noor is concerned we will get her marry soon . Your children’s future will be secured if they get a bit more of the property and i am sure that Noor will never want to have property . She will be happy with her husband and we are here to help her everytime she needs help ”

Noor-” you are right mom ,even if papa had handed me a part of property ,i would have never kept that with me,i would have handed that to my sisters and my brother coz i dnt need money i need you all ,your love , ”

Nupur -“How can you be so great di ? and mom you…. i respect you di ,you are my true sister ,and i want you to be my sister in every life ,”

Mr.Sharma gets well after few days and Noor takes care of him day and night .

Noor-” papa , you know from the very childhood i am interested in painting and music .Natasha became a famous painter and i want to become a famous music teacher .Can i run a small music school “?

Mr.Sharma- “sure my child ,i will be very happy to see you teaching music to other children .I would love that ”

After few months Noor became a musical teacher ,running her own music school .Finally ,Mrs.Sharma got time to think about Noor’s marriage . Noor agreed to marry the boy of her mom’s choice .and after a week it was her marriage.Her sisters were also there for the preparation of her marriage .Noor requested to meet the boy and discuss something with him .

Noor- Mr. Kartik Roshan ,i think you know well that i am an adopted child .My mom and dad gave me a new life otherwise i would have been in an orphanage now,they are gods to me . Before our marriage i would like to clearify you that i will continue my duty toward my parents as i am doing now .I will be your wife and i will carry out my duties towars you too and i promise you will never get any chance of complaint .I will love you till death . my parents are first to me and you are life to me ”

Mr.Roshan -” i always wanted a girl like you who makes relations by feelings and not by blood. i am very proud to have you .you have captured a great part of my heart and this part is yours forever ”

Noor- ” i admire you for admiring my feelings. I am too lucky as i got such an understanding partner ”

4 days left for marriage :-

Mrs.Sharma goes for shopping of ceremonial items.While returning she mets an accident . In this accident she loses both her eyes

Mrs.Sharma -” i have always wanted to see my son’s marriage .both my daughter’s are settled well n i am so unlucky that i could see the settled life of my son ”

Noor -” Mom you will surely see Rohan’s marriage ”

Noor -” doctor isnt there any way to cure her eyes ”

Doctor -” there is . If we get donated eyes we can bring her to see the world by those donated eyes .If you are interested in donated eyes we can proceed with the surgery ”

Noor – ” Thanks doctor ,we are ready for the surgery ”

Mrs .Sharma- ” But Noor ,how will you arrange donated eyes ”

Noor – ” don’t worry mom ,have trust in me .I know a person who can help me out ”

After 2 days the surgery was done and it ws very succussful ,Mrs.Sharma could see everything ..

Mrs.Sharma – ” Nupur ,where is Noor . I want to thank her for this ”

Nupur -” you must mom . She sacrificed most precious things of her life for the mom who adopted her . She is your adopted child mom ,this is what the world knows .Now the whole world will come to know the sacrifice of your adopted child .Tomorrow is her wedding mom,still she kicked all the happiness of her life ,just for you ,mom”.

Mrs.Sharma-” Can anybody please tell me the matter ?where is Noor and what happened to her ?”

Rohan – :” Mom ,the eyes which are helping you to see the world are donated eyes ,and these are donated by Noor di , my eldest sister ”

Mrs.Sharma-“O God ,i never understood her love for me, Mr.Sharma ,you were right ,she is Noor ,the light of our lives .Just to give light to my life ,she choosed all the darknessess for herself .”

Mr.Sharma-” she did the thing which your other daughters couldn’t do she proved that relations are not made by blood but by feelings ”

In Sharma house-

Mr.Kartik Roshan -” why the music is not on ? why the drums are not beating ? tomorrow is the marriage of Sharma’s eldest daughter ,you must not be in silent mode ,atleast today ,on the eve of Noor’s marriage ”

Mrs.Sharma-” Are you still ready to marry my Noor after knowing that she donated her eyes to me and is unable to see now ?”

Mr.Roshan-” yes ,coz i want to ,marry a true girl ,not the fake one . I loved Noor , not her eyes . I loved her purest heart ,her innosense ,her feelings.Noor is the girl who deserves to be in my life and no other girl.”

Mrs.Sharma- ” i am happy that my Noor got you as her life partner ,thank you very much son ”

Mr.Roshan-” I must say thank you for not allowing Noor to maary Mr.Khanna’s son Dheeraj ,otherwise Noor would never be mine . Noor will light up my life juast the same way she lighted up you and your family ”

Finally , Noor gets married to Kartik . Noor still runs her musical school . Being blind ,she enjoys her music and is very happy in her life . She has no regrets for donating her eyes to her mom . Kartik plans to give her sight again by the help of donated eyes but dsn’t posses enough money for the surgery . He works day and night for collecting the sum of money needed for her sugery which will bring back her sight and one day he will surely be successful in bringing her sight back . Kartik promised himself to give sight to Noor and he will definetely do that ,his struggles proves that .

Thus , the relation between a mother and a child never dies even if the child is adopted . It is the feeling that makes relationship .Her feelings took Mrs.Sharma as her mother and she never let that relation die .

__END__

