Family Short Story – A Dream

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

As always Rahul came back late at night after having fun with his friends.

Rahul was a boy just completed his education and was ambitious and want to do something on its own.

He ran here and there to run his plan, he planned long ago in his college days. He always say that one day he will make his parents proud .

One day in a hussle, he was going on a road and just got saved from an accident.

That accident brought a new fear inside him, that if he got died what would happen then.

That night he met his friends and came late at home and went to sleep.

His fear didn’t let him sleep and a dream came to him that he struck with an accident and his brain got damaged and he will surely die in few week.

Second thought struck, what would happen of his parents when he dies. He wants to do lot for his parents but yet not done anything .

He decided to do something for them so he kept newspaper reading to find something useful. He found a news and went to Delhi , telling his parents that he’s going for an interview .

He reached Delhi and immediately went to the hospital, not for his treatment but due to the news where written “needs a kidney donor ASAP”.

They transferred that amount in his father account. When he was coming back from Delhi , he found a child in the train who was blind but was genius in maths but his mother can’t do anything for him because she was poor and can’t afford the operation.

And he feel a peace in his heart and slowly and slowly he donates every organ.

At home , he was waiting for the day he will die.

And one day he got fainted , his parents take him to hospital and they got known about his brain problem.

When the boy awake , he ask doctor about his parents. Doctor told him that after knowing about your disease they spend whole 50 crores and more by selling all that they have. And they also fulfilled your will by donating their organs instead of yours . They also replanted kidney of them in your body. And left a note for you..

Son, we are proud of you what you have done for us. You get educated.. Its a proud for us. You cared so much for us..we proud on that. You cared for so much people..we proud for that..

We proud to have child like you..but it’s not your time to leave.. It’s ours..

We love you always and will always..

***

