Family Short Story – Brothers (part 1)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Story starts with a boy sitting on a swing staring the stars with tears in eyes and a photo in hand, the boy is Aryan Ray Chohaan who is called Arrey by not who love him but only whom he loves, stubborn young proud business tycoon, and musician  who used to care about none he started to work when he was just 12 years old who became a successful businessman at the age of 19 conquering all national and international market but what is the reason that he is crying all alone under stars?

The reason is his elder brother, to whom he loves the most infact for 21 yrs old Aryan he is the only person in the world to whom he loves. Suddenly his iPhone rings the voice behind the phone says”your brother is out of danger” the glitters of joy adorned his handsom face which was the heartbeat of many beauties of country but still some tears where shining in big black eyes, it appeared like somebody had given him wings which made him fly and with  the same joy enthusiasm and speed he ride his bike to the hospital and with a great speed pushed himself to the reception “Aditya Ray Chohaan ”

Receptionist point to a VIP room almost falling he rushed towards the room, while reaching his enthusiasm crossed his limits and as he reached the room tears started rolling down his cheeks. A weak man almost 29 lying on the hospital bed, who was equally handsome smiled and as Arrey reached the door he wiped his tears and said bhai, the smile enhanced a little bit and little sparkle of naughty teasing started adorning his eyes

“who bhai” he said “I think you are in a wrong room boy”.

The tears which where controlled with more then enough difficulty got their way out again falling on his knees with a little trembling voice he said ” I am, I am sorry bhai, I wont ever, ever repeat it.”

Then suddenly a lady entered beautiful and wise, who at first enjoyed the sean and so was smiling from behind, Arrey continued “I know i don’t deserve being forgiven but……” Tears increased their pace.

A voice came from behind ” ok ok now stop it, you cant see his tears”

“Sahiba, you spoiled my pleasure” said Adi with immense laughter.

“Bhai, you are not angry with me.”

“angry, why?”

“means you dont know any thing”

“what” followed by a sudden intruption from Sahiba “that he didnt ate a thing since you are hospitalized”

“hey, are you crazy, you are not a kid, go and have something”

“but”

“no but, you are more precious to me then my life and for this I am really angry.”

nurse enters for an incubation and ask everyone to go out.

“sahiba, didn’t you told him what had happened”

“Question is not what I did Its all about what you did and you want me to do”

“I am sorry.”

“May I know for what.”

“Please, don’t tell him anything. I beg you.”

“Aryan ray chohaan, an industrialist, business tycoon, musician, superstar heart throb of so many girls is BEGGING from me. Oh! what if I faint”

“Don’t be so sarcastic,please.”

“Oh did I hurt you my lord”

“I ‘ll do anything just to lease you bhabhi,”

“Do you really think I can or your brother would be able to forgive you after knowing the truth, just think it over. And just go and eat something or you wan’t to stress him more”

Arrey sit on the chair and started thinking…………

The most successful concert, people yelling Aryan, Aryan……………… Crazy fan desperate for a look, a touch. simultaneously announcement of best business  for the year and award goes to ‘Aryan ray chohaan’ from ‘AA industries’. and then interogation of media

“to whom you credit your success, sir”

“My best friend, My life, My brother , My Adi bhai.”

A speeding bike stopped in a yard, where in a beautiful garden Adi was having breakfast with his dad and step mother. Aryan get of the bike and touched Adi’s feet, greet and ask for blessings without noticing any one around.

” Good morning bachcha but you would have touched maa and papa’s feet first.”

“I know bhai, Ihave touched my ma, papa and gods feet all together”

“Arreeey, did you had your breakfast”

arrey nods head in no “so have it”

“feed me”

what with a smile, “are you a kid”

“you only says na that for you I can never grow up”

Mrs chohaan speak in between ” now bare ”

Arrey in a quite harsh tone ” Mrs chohaan please don’t interfare in my affairs”

Mr chohaan was about to interfare then only Adi says “thats a no way to talk”

“sorry bhai”

Arrey start playing game on his ipad and Adi started feeding him. Just then an old lady enters wearing white saree “today too you are feeding him, he earned the award of best musician and business tycoon all together yesterday and today he can’t eat from his own hands. ”

“I can dai maa, but tasteless food also turns so tasty from his hands”

“so I cook tasteless”she speaks while twisting his ears

“no no, dai maa you are the greatest chef in the world but if you don’t leave my ear right now i will no longer be the most handsome guy of the world.”

She leaves with a smile.

“So where were you last night after award ceremony we were all waiting to wish you” Mr.Chohaan asked.

“He was out to celebrate with his friends.” Adi answered

“by the way bhai I don’t got my gift”

“you only earn for all of us, my income can’t satisfy my only needs and the gift which I will bring ‘ll be from your income only then why this gift.”

“Bhai this gift is what I want rather then all trophies and awards, for our every account you have independent access but I ‘ll need your sign and permission for withdrawing or depositing any money and I had already asked you to control my spendeture by giving me a fixed pocket money then also if this kind of thoughts come to your mind then it would have been surely my mistake, sorry bhai really sorry”

He rushed to his room teary eyed and there a note laid with a gold watch having diamonds in it where it was just written sorry with a smiley and as he turned back Adi was standing holding his ears and again prompted sorry Arrey . Arrey hugged his brother and Adi kiss his forehead saying you get all the happiness of heaven and Arrey said ” it was the worse trick any one could play on any one ever” and then a sharp noise ended the journey of flashback and he again started wondering what will be the result of his MISTAKE

to be continued…………..

***

