Advice – Family Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rahul came to his home after school. As usual he just throwed away his school bag at one side and switched on the T.V. He started watching his favorite cartoon channel without noticing his father behind.

“Rahul what is this? You have not changed your school uniform and see your bag it is on other side. C’mon get up. Fresh up yourself and get ready for Tomorrow’s exam.”

His dad yelled at him. Rahul went silently without saying anything.

After few months results came. Rahul’s friend manoj came to meet him in his house.

“Hi rahul why you are absent to school today? You know today teacher gave our mark sheets for the exams. Here is your mark sheet. Just came to give you. Bye buddy”

Saying so manoj left the house without expecting a reply from his friend. Rahul dad had heard there conversation and kept quiet. But not for a long time, he approached his son and asked

“ What Rahul so that’s why u had stomach ache today and took leave.”

“No.. d. dad” Rahul struggled to speak and his face went pale.

“Show your mark sheet”

Rahul’s father grabbed the mark sheet from his hand and looked into it seriously. His face went red on seeing all of his low mark and rank on all the subjects.

“ I’m highly dissatisfied with your performance. What would you do in future? Tell me. What about your friend manoj’s marks? “

“He got first rank dad” Rahul replied.

“See he is a good kid. How can he get good marks because he used to listen to his dad’s advice. So Rahul you from now onwards should always mingle with him. Learn from him everything. Go to his home and spend time with him and study together. Don’t waste your time by playing with friends who got low marks like you. You will do well next time for sure”His father advised.

“Ok dad. I have a doubt.” Rahul replied.

“Yes, shoot your doubt my son.”

“What shall I do if my friend Manoj’s dad give the same advice that you gave me right now.”

Rahul asked with a naughty smile. His dad was dumbstruck and left the place silently without uttering a word.

__END__

