Short Story Father-Son – The Unsolved Equation

Photo credit: 

 from 

Scene-1

Shiv immerged out from his bed forcefully by the irritating tone of the alarm at 4:00 a.m. A twenty year old enthusiastic young blood was refusing to step forward to the washbasin of his own room. The third year of Mechanical Engineering has made him completely numb from inside. He left the bed like a liquid fluid after listening few words from the other room.

“Wake up Shiv beta. It’s 4:10 now.”

He then managed to wash his face and brush with, lots of tries. He sat on a chair with a dumbbell like book “Machine Design”. After eight minutes, he was in his dream. A beautiful passionate dream that carried Shiv having black rock guitar. He was performing on his self written song. The infinite people were waving their hands on the notes of song.

 Suddenly, he felt some noises from the outside. He adjusted himself with the book and glanced at the clock. It was 5:40 a.m. After studying half an hour, he prepared himself for college.

It was 7:00. His father Mr. Ravinder Shah, a well known businessman with a manufacturing company of steel waved his hand in hurry and said

“Bye beta. I’ve an important meeting. Can you go to the college by your own?”

“Ya dad. I’ll take my Chevy Beat.” He replied.

“Okey. Study carefully. Bye.” He left the room like a flush.

 

Scene-2

“It would be a hit on your father’s dream dude.” Said Arth, best buddy of Shiv.

“Why? What happened dude?” he investigated.

“Inter-college Music competition on this 15th.”

“I’ll prepare my guitar.” Shiv replied with a huge smile.

“Why don’t you tell your father that you want a Black guitar in your life, not molten steel?” Arth asked Shiv with an emotion like he was worried about Shiv’s future.

“I can’t yaar. My father wants me to handle the company after two more years of MBA.” Shiv threw the answer.

“I think it’s your fault. You must tell your dad.” Arth analyzed.

“It’s not mine. I hardly meet my father four times a week. He is busy maintaining his first rank in steel manufacturing and gathering tons of awards. And after mom’s death, I can’t give him another shock.” Shiv defended and showed that his father is a tough guy to defend.

“Someday you have to tell your dad that you want to be a singer, not businessman.” Arth showed the side of naked truth.

“That will be the most difficult day of my life.”

“But there will be a relief after that.” Arth, still on his view.

“Ha ha think he…..” Shiv showed fake attitude.

 

Scene-3

“Madari Madari Madari, Madari mera tu,

 Me jammura re jammura, jammura re….”

Shiv was singing a song on the stage with his black guitar and his band friends were also enjoying with their respective instruments. Shiv has almost impressed the audience. That means girls. Girls were grooving their feet according to the constant beats. Some of them were talking about him and his style. Yes he had set a date for that night, probably.

After few performances, the results were about to come. The audience had decided the winner, but formalities were about to complete. And Yes, Shiv added the new shining trophy to his collection. Shiv had collected seventeen trophies in four years. But Arth was his caretaker. He submitted his trophy to him and gave a tight hug to Arth. Arth always takes his trophies and certificates, so that his father can’t conclude about his passion in music. Even Arth’s parents were knowing about Shiv.

But it was party time now. Both went for CCD for party….

 

Scene-4

Shiv was filling an MBA form at his house. He had successfully completed his four years of engineering theoretically. He was about to fill a form which would definitely bin his two more years. The lock of the door opened. A man with sleeves of his shirt folded and symmetrically folded blazer on his left hand entered. He was numbed and drunk. It was Shiv’s father. Shiv had seen this type of scene many times after the death of his mom. He stood up to handle his father quickly. Somehow he managed to take his dad to the sofa.

“Am I that bad, son?” Ravinder asked his son with the waving head suddenly.

“You are missing mom na???” Shiv asked.

“I never miss your mom because I never forget her. She is always on my mind.” Ravinder replied.

“You haven’t replied?” He continued.

“No dad. You are the best dad in this world.” Shiv replied by adjusting him to the sofa.

“Are you sure??” He asked again.

“Ya dad. Lock kiya jaye…” Shiv replied by removing his shoes.

“Then why haven’t you shared your dream with me?” His question spread silence in the room.

“Who told you that?” Shiv inquired with a tensed face.

“I met Arth’s parents first time today. He is the chief reporter in NDTV right? He told me that your son is a very talented boy and a brilliant singer. He just loves your singing style. He wants to take an interview of the rising star singers of India. You should….”

“Dad, I… I was about to tell you about that” Shiv interrupted his dad.

“Then why you didn’t?”

“I thought you want me to see as a successful businessman.” Shiv showed the reason.

“Of course, I want to.” He clarified.

A deep silence in the room spread again. Shiv was neglecting this specific day but unfortunately it has come. He wanted this day when he wanted it to come but his father has put that day to him.

“Take that box here.” Ravinder ordered his son and Shiv did.

“Now open it” Ravinder said with a light tone. He was still in semi-sense.

As Shiv opened it, a salty liquid came out of his eyes. His heart melted like an ice-cube in the sunlight. He hadn’t expected, not even in his best dream from his father.

“Beta, it’s situational. Time played the major role. After your mom’s death, I tried to spend my most time in activities like business. I became that busy, that I didn’t peeped into my son’s heart. I was a dictator that smashed my decisions on your dreams and didn’t even try to look at your crushed heart. I …” Ravinder’s heart was saying.

“Even I pretended that you will not like my passion.” Shiv adjusted his statement in his father’s talk with full of emotions.

Both were confessing faults of each other with full of tears. Their buckets of emotions were full and the tears were rolling down from the top. Both accepted the complicated design of time and accepted that some tricky equations remain unsolved. And those equations can be solved by the study of life and sensitivity of time and situation which may spend whole life.

“By the ways. Thanks for the guitar. I like blue too.” Shiv said by clearing his nose by the sleeve of his t-shirt and hugged his father in a hypothetical condition of tears and smile……

__END__

