Hi! My name is Micky. Guess who i am …Exactly i am a deer.

I was born in a dense jungle. At my early age, I always used to roam around with my mother. I never had a clue where my father was. Every time I asked my mum about him she would change the topic by saying,”He has gone for a hunt ,he will come back soon.”At my early age I was kind of introvert, i never used to talk with anyone. But slowly slowly as time passed i got mixed with other animals. By that time i had three best friends, a deer , a baby wolf and a cute koala. We altogether used to play around the banyan tree . Sometimes hide and seek, sometimes just run to catch others.

Our Lives were going perfect,I thought there was no world beyond forest and forest was the safest place for us. But i was proved wrong on that day…. As usual we were playing around the tree when we heard a sharp sound…BRRRRRR…BRAAAKAATTTAA…

All of us got scared and we ran for our life back to our area. I ran with all my Strength ,did not even look what was infront of me and Booommm..I collapsed. The sound was increasing. My friends came to me to help me out , but i refused the help and urged them to leave,and so they did. I was then alone, fighting to get up , and somehow i managed to get up. I ran again but this time by taking small steps. By that time the sound seemed to stop. I reached my place and i hid myself in the bushes as what i saw chilled my hearts.

I saw all of my friends with whom i played, enjoyed, laughed,  lived were now in a complete silence lying on the ground . I saw my mother tied up with ropes, screaming for help, forgiveness and begging for mercy. But the tall creatures which then i came to as HUMANS were harsh and didn’t even listen to my mum and shot he in her head. This moment filled me with anger but i couldnt even do anything . I broke up in tears. The men left.

I slowly reached to my mum and tried to wake her up with my head . But she didn’t. I then shouted ,” Wake up MOM ! you cant leave me alone in this condition , dont leave me , you still have live with me , play with me, and fulfill the promise to show me the jungle.Wake up!”I cried…I ran here and there to find water for my mother, when i saw a small piece of paper.

The paper said,” Hey Dear Micky, hope you are fine. If you get this , this may be the last time I am talking to you. I just want to say ,never give up in your son…no matter what situation occurs, and never be afraid ,as ill always be with you..Forever.And i would like to say that your father never went to a hunt…he was killed…”

I was stunned for a moment,  my head started to feel heavy and i fell upon the ground.When i Woke up I was….

-*

(Continued in Part 2)

