Family Short Story – Daisy! Come Back!!

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

She is Ben’s wife called Daisy. But she is called mostly as Mrs Ben.

Ben is working in a departmental store as clerk when she is married.

Ben’s wife Daisy is very beautiful. Ben meets her in a public park called Sweet Heart. People say that it is a park for lovers. He comes daily to this park for Daisy and he expresses tons of love to her.

He is a graduate and he is trying to start a business like groceries shop. She thought Ben is a nice boy to love and also a nice man to live with. She is from a middleclass family. Her family is just her father and she. She lost her mother when she left high school. From then she is sole master of family. Her father goes to earn the bread. He finishes his day at around twelve in the late night and comes home. He says goodnight to Daisy and goes to sleep. He never bothers about the needs of the family.

Daisy’s father is a helper in a Film making company. What he earns is enough for his spending in Bars with his friends. He comes home usually in late nights, his eating is finished with his drinking, so he will go to his room and sleeps. He forgot that he has a daughter and she should be married.

“Are you working anywhere? May be you are, to meet the expenses. The house is ours, so there is no rent.”

She is mostly silent. Her silence makes him think that she is working somewhere and earning enough for expenses of the family.

“You are taking care of family needs. So I believe you are earning, I know. Keep it up and don’t depend on me for money.” her father says and goes for his job.

When Ben came to see her, Daisy is weeping. She told him about her father’s attitude.

“Let us marry soon.” Daisy insisted him.

“No problem Daisy. My brother knows that I love you. Let me start my business, then there will be no problem for our marriage.” Ben said with confidence.

“I know. I am waiting to come with you any time. I am waiting for that good day.” Daisy said. There is hope in her eyes when she told this to him.

Ben started his own small business. It is a small groceries shop. As Ben is a hard working man, his business flourished. One day he met Daisy’s father and said that he is willing to marry Daisy. Daisy’s father did not object. They are happily married in a church. Ben’s brother John and his wife Lucy are like father and mother to Ben. John and Daisy’s father William are happy for this marriage.

One day Daisy’s father William did not come home. His dead body came from the Bar. He is the victim of a massive cardiac arrest. Thus Daisy lost her father.

*****

Mrs Ben is the mother of a beautiful girl Angel. The girl is going to school. Mrs Ben is the sole master of her house. Ben is busy with developing his business and Mrs Ben is becoming a problem for Ben when he is at home. She is not doing anything and not taking any care of the house.

Ben has to take care of everything at home. He cooks and cleans. He takes care of the little girl Angel ready. He takes her to School bus and brings her back home from the school.

What Daisy is doing?

Everybody in the neighboring houses wonder at her. Mrs Ben gets ready when Ben goes for his shop. She eats and enjoys hearing music and seeing films at home. She leaves home in the evening to wander in the city. She sits somewhere, she eats somewhere. She is leading a carefree life.

John and Lucy came to Ben’s house and tried to mend Mrs Ben.

“Who are you to interfere in our life? This is my family and I know how to take care of this. I don’t need any suggestions from the people outside.” Mrs Ben dishonored them.

Ben did not react. So John and Lucy thought that they have to leave them. Ben requested them to leave him for his fate. They care him much, so they stopped visiting his house.

Mrs Ben wishes to rule the house and around related to her. It is a lunacy to think that people fear looking at us. It is the respect for us that makes them go silent. Sometimes it is the hatred that makes others silent. If you can know what they are thinking about you, you know what you are for them.

Mrs Ben sees that her husband Ben is washing clothes, cleaning the house, cooking and looking after her daughter as a servant. She is happy thinking that she is free from all the burdens she was having by his father’s ill attention towards her. Now she got the excellent attention from Ben. It is her feeling that she got a great freedom now that anyone or everyone will have this freedom in life sometimes or many times or any time.

People think something or anything and they do something or anything that they like in life. Mrs Ben likes to have the freedom of a girl before her love. She is feeling exactly like a girl to love someone. She is wandering and wandering, here and there and everywhere like a free bird.

It is not hard to get people of mean standards in life. A woman should not be ready to flirt. When she is not in strict lines, a man of her taste and feel will be there anywhere. Mrs Ben got a man who has no discipline and rules in life. He is Stephen. He comes Ben’s home for Mrs Ben very frequently. The neighbors of Mrs Ben are started watching and talking loud about her.

It reached Ben in his stores. “Ben, I don’t like your wife moving with that rogue Stephen. Save your wife.” A old woman who is a senior customer and who likes Ben very much cautioned him.

“Mother, Let me try my best.” Ben said.

Ben likes Daisy so much. He has plenty of love for her. This love made him blind for all her wrong behavior. He tried his level best to correct her.

“Don’t say anything that you do not like in me. If not you will have to lose me. I like him. I don’t like you.” Mrs Ben said in harsh voice.

“Think of our daughter Angel. She is a budding flower and if she knows what you are doing, she will be hurt.” Ben said.

“So you ask me to leave the house. So be it.” Mrs Ben said.

Ben is silent as silence of anyone when he is dead.

 *****

After that, Ben waited for her. She did not come that night. She did not turned back home on the other day also. Ben is searching for her. Searching and searching everywhere she goes. Ben’s brother John and his wife Lucy came to see Ben and consoled him.

They took Angel with them as Ben is not in a position to look after her. Ben is fully mad after Daisy and he is searching her every in the city like a mad man in the dress she like him.

Ben says with John whenever he comes for him. “Brother, she likes me in blue jeans with Red T-shirt. I wear those today search her in the park.”

Ben is saying this every time with him with confidence.

He is searching for Daisy in parks and Railway stations. But nobody knows where she is. Some people saw her in another city with Stephen. They did not tell this to Ben. They like Ben and they don’t want to hurt him.

But Ben is hurt and mad in searching Daisy. His business is under his brother’s control. John tried a lot to make him normal. But Ben is always saying one thing, “Daisy! Where are you? Come back. I don’t object for anything. Daisy! I cannot live without you. Daisy! Come Back! Come Back!”

Love is delicate layer of life. If this layer is damaged, living is hard for some people.

__END__

