Nurse asked Hima to wait for an hour for the result. She waited there with absolutely no emotion. She checked her Facebook account, gmail, WhatsApp and every thing she could to kill the time.

After one hour nurse informed her to meet doctor Joan. She went to his room. Joan asked her to sit.

Joan: Hima, you have to strengthen your mind before hearing my words. Sometimes ,in life ,we will left with no choice. We have to accept the fate and face life courageously. What I am up to say is…

“I am at a difficult stage of some deadly disease, right doctor?” Intervened Hima before Joan complete his sentence.

Joan: Yes, you are in the second last stage of brain tumour.

The doctor expected a heart breaking emotional cry from her but she simply smiled at him and thanked him for his service. When she was about to go , doctor stopped her and tried to make her understand the dangerous situation. He asked her to stay back at the hospital as she is in a critical stage. Hima responded that she was not ready to die in a hospital and there is no need to save her life. Because death is a greatest blessing for her.

After a long while she went to a temple as she got a proof that God exist. She thanked God for His merciful decision to kill her. She was once an ardent devote of lord Shiva. While passing through some critical phases of life, she lost that belief.

Hima was an average student but an active artist in her school and college. Her ambition was to become a famous dancer and to start a dance school. But as like most of the Indian girls, marriage became a villain for her dreams. She married Varun, who was working in Dubai , just after finishing her graduation. She went to Dubai with him and they settled there.

Life was smooth until people started to ask them about a baby. Initially they didn’t take care of it. Varun became restless when his parents also began to speak about this. They suggested him to meet a doctor. They went to a doctor and he confronted them that it is difficult for Hima to became pregnant. He made them remember about a treatment before they left.

Varun became desperate when he knew that it is difficult for him to be a father. This caused a distance between them and it increased day by day. That distance resulted in an affair with his colleague, Renuka. Mean time Hima was going through the painful treatment to make him a father. Women are always like that. They will try to perfect all their imperfections just to get a good word from their beloved and men try to find out reason for avoiding them and blame women for even their mistakes. This happened in the case of Varun too.He blamed her for her infertility when she found out his affair with Renuka. They had a lengthy argument in which he announces his desire for a divorce. She was heart broken and attempted suicide by hanging herself. Right time intervention of Varun saved her life.

‘God’s grace’, doctors said as she gained consciousness. But her later life proved that it was actually God’s curse. With her suicide attempt, Varun was taken a back. He started feeling guilty  when he know about the painful treatment she had undergone from her gynecologist. He decided to leave Renuka forever.The very thought that his wife was going through her most painful days while he was enjoying with his girlfriend kills him. He pleaded for her forgiveness and promised her that he will be hers forever. But all promises are not to be kept. Even if we try to keep, fate will not allow to do so.

Hima and Varun tried their maximum to forget the past and start a new life. One evening she welcomed him with the happiest news that he is going to become a father. That was the day they really restarted their life. But happiness doesn’t really wanted a role in Hima’s life. Varun’ s excitement ends when he came to know the pregnancy of Renuka. He was in a dilemma of what to do. He decided to conceal it from Hima as she had some complications in her delivery. Renuka never disturbed him too. Because he was the only person whom she hated in the world. He chased her, loved her and persuade her to love him. Some day unknowningly she also fell for him. They even started living together and all of a sudden he stopped all his relationship with her with a sorry and a bye. He didn’t even wait to listen her words.

Hima was admitted in the hospital one month before her delivery date to take enough precaution as she had some complications. Renuka gave birth to a baby boy on the very day of Hima’s admission and unfortunately at the same hospital. When Varun knew about this, he became desperately anxious to see his first baby. So he went to her room but she was not ready to show him the baby. He created a scene there out of sadness which only resulted in Hima knowing the truth. Some mistakes can be forgiven but this was too much for Hima. She burst out into tears and shouted at him with all the energy she had. He tried to convince her by saying all these are the consequences of his past but it was too late. She fell unconscious and blood started oozing out from her. The doctors moved her to the operation theatre and immediately began the surgery.

She lost her baby. That made her completely broken. She left Varun’s home when she was discharged and went to India. Varun tried to convince her by phone calls, mails and messages. Faith once lost is lost forever. In Hima’s case its not once but twice. He failed in convincing Renuka too. Hima moved for the divorce and the court granted it after 2 years of discussions and arguments. Those two years turned Varun to a complete drunkard. He breathed his last on the day by hitting his car on a truck.

Before committing suicide, he had sent a message to her which she saw only after his death.’ I don’t know whether you believe me. But I just wanted to tell you this one last time. I loved you , I love you and I will love you truly even after my death. I understand your true value and my love for you only after you left me.’ Tears was the only reply of hers to his message. How else can she reply? Science hasn’t improved that much strong to convey a message from earth to heaven. Even now she curse herself for not giving him another chance.She   hasn’t relieved from the shock till now.

Now that it is her turn. Death is a blessing for her from this lonely world. She hopes she could met Varun and her unborn child there. May be death is more beautiful than life, that is why dead one never come back to the earth. If so she also need that beautiful life which she didn’t get from the earth.

–END–

