Wish the day comes when

 I have not much to worry

 And I don’t have to be in hurry

 Wish the day comes when I can have my cuppa quietly not

 Getting tensed about my chores of daily

These was the lines Rekha was murmuring. Every morning she had to rush for her daily chores. It’s not that she is not capable of handling them but as we say all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy . The same is with her she needs a break for few days , but how to go both her kids have different routine one is in college and the other is in school.

 It’s really difficult to find a leisure time for herself .

Anyways this time she is going to plan a small fun trip for herself , she decided.

When her hubby came back from the office she declared she wants a small vacation which her hubby also agreed .

 Somehow taking account of everyone’s schedule they could finally get four days for vacations.

Where to go , was the big question they can’t go too far and nearby places are been visited by them several times anyways they ll go somewhere nearby resort , she retorted

“What about visiting Amma” her husband quipped.

 “Oh no” she said ,”I can’t go and waste my four days just listening your mother’s woes .When we call her to stay with us for ever she is not ready and she expects us to visit her every six months “.

 “Ok no problem you decide where we should go and like last time this time too I will go after these holidays” , her husband announced.

 Rekha started planning the trip visiting several travel sites. She called her mother to tell her holiday plans and

 know her whereabouts . And was shocked to hear how her brother has joined a new job and is shifting to Delhi . Oh but then she felt it is for his betterment and he has full right to take the decision . She asked her mother to move along with her son to Delhi which her mother refused.

Her mother’s point was she can’t leave her ancestral home like this till her body is allowing her to live on her own , “but Mom that is a tough decision” , Rekha told her mother .

 So what came the reply “your mother in law is also living on her own and is quite happy so why can’t I “.

Rekha had no answer to this question but somehow She was not comfortable with her mother’s decision .

 After finishing her dinner Rekha just sat down to make few Calls to various resorts which she has shortlisted .

 Suddenly She got a call from her mother in law And she was bit surprised to receive her call at this time as being a very disciplined lady this is the time she sleeps.

Rekha asked her is everything ok ,enquired about her health and she said yeah she is completely fine and it ‘s just she is not sleepy today as she wants to see her grand kids through face call .

Rekha told her that the younger one has already slept and elder one is out for his group studies ,oh came a very disheartened response from her .

After chatting for a while Rekha kept the phone and started thinking ,”one day I will be at the same stage when both my kids will be out . What will i do without them , how will I pass my time and then I will be also waiting for the phone calls from them like my mom in law does from us “.

 “But what am I projecting in front of my kids , I can’t complain also as my kids are watching the same scenario right now with their grand moms .”

Rekha could clearly see her future she and her husband sitting ideally waiting for the phone calls. And it will be so difficult to cut all your ties from your native place and start living somewhere else . So moving along with kids will be not suitable for her too as it is with her mom and mom In law .

 Tears rolled down her cheeks, She Called her travel agent to book tickets to her mom’s place.

–END–

