[My Life – Family Short Story]

My Life – Family Short Story

Photo Credit: 

My name is M. Shanmugam working in IT Company. My father’s name was K. Manickam and he is a farmer and my mother M. Rajamani and she is housewife. I have an elder brother named M. Natraj and he is searching for the Job.  My family belongs to middle class. I was born in 13-april-1987 at komarapalayam, a small city in Namakkal district of Tamilnadu, India. My home was located in small village called Samayasangilli Thottipalayam Pudur (7 km from komarapalayam).  I started my schooling in Holy Cross Matriculation School, Komarapalayam.  During my school days I was affected by some family economic problem, with that I completed my 10

 standard with 78% in the year 2002 and I told to my father that I will join to government school because of economic issue. But my father told that “I will take care of that you study in this school itself”, he bought debt and he paid the school fees for me. With this I completed my 12

 standard in the year 2004. Then I applied my under graduation in Agricultural University in Coimbatore, Tamilnadu.  The reason for applying for this college was “The College will sponsor for scholarship for the selected students”. But my bad luck I didn’t get that opportunity in that college.  My father didn’t have enough money to pay for other college. Because during that time my brother completed under graduation and joined post-graduation and no yarning in agricultural. So I didn’t join college that year.

I helped my father in agriculture.  Then I started learning computer course and typewriting in computer center. I learned lot of things during that time. The owners of that computer center will gave some small work like taking Xerox and meet the people in bank and they will give me some work. At that time I will gain some information about the education loan. That year came to an end, then for the next year I discussed with some of my relatives and joined my B.Sc., Computer technology in Kongu Engineering College, Perundurai, Erode of Tamilnadu district. Then I applied for education load and I continued my studies. During my college days I earned lots of knowledge and I got selected in Infosys Technologies Limited, a software company in India. I completed my B.Sc., in the year 2008 with 70%. Then for four months I was in my home and helped my father. Then I got the joining letter from the company. I joined the company and my parents were so happy. With my earnings my parents settle 50% of Debt. But still I am facing the economic problem. Quickly with god’s grace I will settle all the debts and I keep my parents happy.  Thanks for this opportunity to explore my past feelings.

__END__

