Family Short Story – A big Door

Photo credit: 

 from 

A big door is standing between me and my brother; it does not want each other to be together. It is working hard, pretty good and clever. That door locked my brother up and took him away. And it convinced him well never to stay. It told him if you leave everything, it will be okay. My poor dear brother just listened and became a prey. Sorry to say, he should not ever have to obey this bad door in the first time that day. What shall I do now?? Have not the key. Let him back please!! But how?

He is not listening to me. I just told him too much, but that was in vain. I called him pretty times, it will not end in gain. Except for you my brother and for me… more pain. You cannot draw your happy life with a wrong stain. This stain is not yours and it will never be. It gave you black glasses, so you cannot see.

What is waiting is waiting for you and what is there. When you arrived the glasses fell down, and you found your happy life turned up as a nightmare. It became with no cheer anymore, but a big drown. As I see you need a great help from your close sister. You want a support from your father and mother. You are in a big hand to stand. Oh’ cannot you remember your dear family you left behind? Cannot you remember the time you were blind? Cannot you recognize yet the big bad door? Cannot you see what that door led you for? Cannot you feel what has happened to your core? Actually you are satisfied and cannot bear anymore.

Let your heart tell you what wrong you gain. Let your heart tell you what was it of a very bad stain. Let him tell you that

What you have destroyed was the main. Let your hands beat each other for that shame. There is no money…no fame… no pleasure but only complain.

What is always there is your family. Hey, look there, they are waiting for you under rain. Come on, hurry and catch up with them your train. Only with them you can get back the main. Only with them you can light your happy flame. Let them take you back home and begin your real happy life again. Among your lovers enjoy your right stain. Your right way had begun with no going insane. You will begin your happily ever after again.

With all my love…wish you the best luck dear only brother.

__END__

