LOVE in my THOUGHTS – Family Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was the Christmas Eve. We planned to go on a holiday trip to kodaikanal long back, but the chance for that came recently. We packed everything the day before, I was too tried of packing my own things and was sleeping as usual after switching off the alarm. I felt like hearing a soft knock in the door-

“Ravi, are you ready?”

I thought I was dreaming and slipped into my blankets, without even realizing about my holiday plan. The knock grew louder and louder…

“Oh sh*t!!! It’s real”.

I called out “Give me two minutes, I’m almost ready”.

Revathi shouted “Don’t lie you stupid, with your voice I can tell if you are inside the blankets or getting ready!!!”

I yelled back “Okay!!! I got up, just give me two minutes”.

She went downstairs with a sigh. I freshened up, simultaneously scolded myself by looking into the mirror

“Idiot! Can’t you wake up without making her angry? What an irresponsible fool you are? A stupid software engineer, without time management”

I got ready hardly after 10 minutes, took my mobile and went downstairs. Revathi and Shankar were waiting for me without touching their breakfast. I wished them “Good morning” there was no response.

“What an insult?”

I thought and served breakfast for them and kept two idly’s in my plate and started to eat.

“Why are you behaving like a kid?” asked Shankar “This is not the first time you are doing this, you are planning everything and you are only sleeping without the thought of it”.

I apologized as the mistake was on my part “I’m sorry, this will not happen again”.

Revathi said with a grin “This is the hundredth time you are telling SORRY”.

We locked the door and kept our baggage inside the car.

“Come on guys!!! Don’t keep your faces like that”

I told them as we got into car and I started playing some music. Shankar sat beside me in the car and Revathi at the back as usual. Shankar, a Software Engineer, is a unique and the coolest guy, I have ever known. He has always tackled a problem in a very different way that we dare not to think off. At times he also grew angry with all of us and went to the terrace, to sit alone and never came back until we go after him to beg his pardon.

“Only knowledge in problem solving is not enough, stop behaving like a kindergarten kid, and then we will accept that you are a GENIUS” we used to tease Shankar whenever he goes to terrace. That made his temper still worse.

Revathi, she was the sweetest lady I have ever known and I had a great affection and respect for her. She used to tolerate the torture we used to give her, without even complaining about our behavior. She works as a teacher in a kindergarten school, all the kids over there had known her and loved her the most. She takes care of them as her own kid that is why she also treated us like kids, whenever we fight. I used to think often

“Whom does she love more, me or Shankar?”

I have even asked her this question, she used to tell me by looking into my eyes “Both of you are like eyes to me, I can’t see the entire world without you two guys!!!” Very tactical reply from these ladies.

On the way, we started having some snacks; Revathi was distributing biscuits to both of us, I thought of deciding to make her answer the question

“Whom do you love the most, me or Shankar?”

She smiled the way she usually does and said the same reply “Both of you are like eyes to me, I can’t see the entire world without you two guys!!!”

That made Shankar jealous and he too started with me, “That is not the reply, tell him boldly that you love me more than him” he said with a grin “We know each other before he came into our life, right?”

He said that like a questionnaire. I was also in no mood of giving up to him, so I told him

“But I know, she is having more affection for me than you”.

She was just having her biscuits and watched us fight. We turned around and in chorus said

“We are fighting here; you are having biscuits and sitting like watching a movie”

“I didn’t tell you to fight! Whatever you say, I don’t care. I love you both and will not prioritize anyone of you” she said.

We weren’t satisfied and were discussing about it.

“Watch out!!!” she said wide eyed. That was the last thing I remember.

“Car collided with the lorry in the kodaikanal road”

“Son is likely to live; Mother and father in ICU – still in critical condition. Relatives are informed and on their way to the General Hospital”

“This is the accident prone zone, investigation are going on about the accident…..”

I woke up after a great strain; I was unable to open my eyes. I was able to hear the doctor’s voice, “Everything seems to be normal, and you can discharge him after a week”. I strained to get up

“Don’t strain yourself kid, with God’s blessing you are completely alright” Doctor said, placing his warm hand in my shoulder.

“What happened to my eyes Doctor?” I asked.

“Glass pieces ruined your eyesight dear, but we operated and replaced with new eyes” Doctor said with a sigh.

“What about my mom and dad then?” I asked with a shock.

“I’m sorry to say that they didn’t survive the accident, it was their blessing that kept you alive. Your mom donated you her eyes and said to convey the message that “She loves you the most”.

My eyes started getting wet…

We performed the funeral. My parent’s bodies were ruined because of the accident; they had protected the bodies in an ice box. At the instance they had placed them for funeral ceremony my eyes started getting wet, I cried and cried till my tear glands went dry. I didn’t even try to control my emotions. A beautiful day ended up so brusquely and I don’t have my parents with me from now on.

But, I can still feel our love for one another in my thoughts!!!

__END__

Written by: Karthiha R

