Short Story – Irreversible memories

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was 11 in the morning, clouds covering up the sky. She sat on a white chair,leaned her neck back and closed her eyes. She never felt the warm breeze so comforting before.

And then the past flashed. Those memories,that person,those times which she wanted to vanish from her mind, kept rewinding right in front her eyes.It started right from the day they met,then the day they decided to be together and then the day he crashed her on the ground and left her all alone.

She knew her relation was going in the wrong direction, she knew she should’ve end the relation long before but she kept sticking to the promise they made of never letting each other go.

He loved her a lot, and after trying hard she accepted his proposal. They were happy together, she started planning for their long term future too but the world turned upside down when he failed at his work. He failed at every task he planned for and this frustration of failure made him a beast.

He couldn’t accept his failure. And then he raised his hand on her. The first time he hit her, he felt bad ,he cried and asked her to forgive him. As she was completely into this relation,she forgave and promised to be with him in every situation.He felt much better but this made him the worst kind of beast.He was confident that she could never take any action against him and hence hitting her became a daily routine.

She consoled herself by saying it’s not the real him , he will love and care her again as he used to but sadly he didn’t. And hence She was in an abusive relationship. She didn’t want to break the relation as he was her first love and she couldn’t erase the future she saw with him.

One fine day her parents saw her bruises and with a complete enquiry they knew everything that was going on in her life. The moment they heard someone is hitting their daughter, they were devastated, completely broken. And so for her parent’s sake she decided to end the relation. But those  memories haunt her every second. She cried hard and thought why can’t every story have the same ending-“And they lived happily ever after

Then she  opened her teary eyes and consoled her by a false hope that everything will be fine.

–END–

