 This dot gave a big twist in my life. A big responsibility hit at an early young age which became a barrier to my dream and goals. Criticism by the closest one is revealing true colours. Backstabbers kept stab us with our acknowledgement. These dots are caused much trouble for my whole family. 

These black dot hard to forget but reminisce in our life. These black dot change my life and my surroundings.

 my father lost the job due to company bankruptcy. We planned to start our own transportation business after the rejection of a lot from the airline companies due to excess with numbers of flight engineers. 

 In the beginning, it goes well, which enhance to continue in the same business field. My family agreed with my father decision. So it goes right as the ways it is. Even though there are ups, and down in that field, we’re able to earn for living without anyone’s help.

 The black dot starts us when a do-gooder approach my father to improve our business.  My father is not interested in the offer given. A few months later, my father accepts the proposal for the sake of the relationship we had for a long years ago. But we really didn’t what’s gonna happen later.

 Business doesn’t turned up well. A lot of pressure overheat my father. A lot of payments become due and much worse the condition is pressure from the do-gooder itself. My father pulls his socks up to settle up all these messes. 

 Meanwhile, another mess from the same do-gooder gives burns my father’s anger. He started to criticise us indirectly, but the person can sense it. People always look you up when you’re in the right profession, but once you got down, they criticise from the top till bottom. It’s something that has to change. No matter how civilised the world but these people make the condition more worsen.

 Too much criticism and frequently disparage from relatives itself creates ego and hatred for my father.  

 The most hurtful things the backstabbers are your loved ones that called relatives. Downgrade people based on their profession are stung me in. What a good lesson I’ve learnt from them. They are judging and respecting people based on characters not on something else. It doesn’t take so long to revert.

 Sometimes, everything happens without unplanned. Situation let us into trouble. And this situation let my father take wrong decision by accepting helping offer from illegal loan shark holders. He aware of the consequences, but the situation favoured him to do that so.

 That ego leads to the whole family organisation into an upside down. The loans sharks are much worse than the first do-gooder. Its turns into much more disastrous. However, my mom helps to solve the issue by selling the property that treasured for years. There’s no other solution besides than this. 

 On that moment, disappointment among family creates situation into hectic. A lot of misunderstanding and loss of trust among each other all bumped after the incident. All days always ended with arguments.

 And a silent prayer to put a stop for everything.

 A years later, problems still there, but the bond among the family heals and becomes firm.

 However, hoping that in my prayers, this dot to disappear as a nightmare. Till now, it is hard to digest what are we’re going through right now. 

 Almost everything that earned full of hardworking just gone in a split second and the asset also washed away like rain.

 Nothing is left except faith. 

Faith is the only willpower that makes to continue living for my family and pushes me to take over responsibility that caused by my father. It doesn’t mean I hate him for what he did. But I care for him, and he’s my only superhero that can’t compare with anyone. It hurts me most whenever some ungrateful people out there downgrade him. Whenever I’ve heard, I couldn’t control myself, and the fire inside me burnt in silence that nobody recognises.

 All these, won’t demotivate me from doing my passion. But it’s just a break for it so that I can continue after all these sorts out.

 No matter what it takes, I will continue to erase the black dot till the core.

 

A gentle reminder, reader out there, 

 

If you are undergoing these or not, be aware,

 When you’re battling in between life and death, don’t ever ask or accept offers from do-gooder and the closest ones except for family members. It will spoil your relationship among them as well.

 Mistakes always happen and people not simply wanna does it. The situation favours them.

 Don’t merely judge them for their mistake is present. Instead of forgiving and forgetting it would much better.  Don’t criticise  but tried to put yourself in their shoes. Then go on criticise them if that makes you happy.

–END–

