“Will you please hurry up? “, he called out to me hasting up and down in the corridor in nervousness. As I walked down the stairs in that pretty white gown, stuck in awe, his eyes looked at me, appreciating me like always. His pace slowed on seeing me coming.

 He doesn’t compliment me much but the glitter in his eyes shows. He also doesn’t express his love, but I know he cares. He has always been an introvert. But the best guy I have ever known. He too looked amazing in his black tuxedos. He liked to be suited always.

 With every descending step of mine, he covered the distance between the door and the stairs to approach me. On the last step he gave me his hand. I held his hand and stepped down.

 “A dance rehearsal before we leave?”, he asked.

 “Sure,  why not?”

 The silence became our music and we started rehearsing. Two steps in front, one step back, bend and twist and shake and twirl.

 “You look very beautiful.” This was probably the first time he appreciated me.

 “You never said that before”.

 “Probably this is the first time you looked this beautiful.”

 “Not fair”, I said as I hit him lightly.

 “You look good too.”

 “Thank you!! Should we leave now? Everyone must me waiting.” He said with a lump in his throat.

 “I love you.”, I said.

 He didn’t reply. He never did. But I know he does. He gave me a peck on my forehead.

 “Let’s go!”, I said.

 He held out his arm to me and we started walking. As we reached the red carpet, all the eyes looked at us.

 “I am nervous.” I told him.

 He tapped my hand and reassured me, “I am with you always.”

 We walked down the aisle with eyes admiring us. He was continuously by my side. As we reached the stage, he held out my hand and gave it in the hands of the groom.

 “Take care of my daughter. She is the most precious thing I have. Never hurt her. I am there for her always.” He said to the groom with tears in his eyes.

 “I love you my child!!” He said to me, probably for the first time ever.

 “I love you too Papa.”

–END–

