Code: WSPI 2012-01

Photo credit: 

“But how can you do this, Dad? I’m not even sure I would like the guy!” protested Tina.

“Oh, you would like Nikhil alright. He’s a wonderful boy and would be the right match for my lovely princess!” Dad reassured her.

“Why don’t you find out for yourself, Tina, when you meet him at the dinner Dad has arranged?” Mom asked sensibly.

Tina did not answer. She was eyeing her brand new camera that they had presented for her birthday. She took it and grinned suddenly.

“Dad, would you mind, if your princess puts the prince to a test before meeting him?”

Dad scratched his head. “What kind of test?”

“You’ll soon know!” said Tina and hurried up the stairs to the terrace. She carefully set the camera on its stand and posed in front of it and took a snap of herself. She looked around disappointed. Buildings, buildings everywhere… And then she spotted a bright red kite up in the sky. Another snap.

Then a butterfly perched silently on the terrace wall. Click!

The mango tree in front of her. Click!

As she was wondering what else was around, Abhijeet waved at her from the next terrace. The kid had a boat in his hand.

“Look! Mu uncle got this for me!” he said, with a boat model clasped tightly in his hand.

“That looks awesome. Hold it like that while I focus my camera!” said Tina. Click!

“This is quite enough, I guess!” Tina muttered to herself. She went back down the stairs and headed straight to her bedroom.

Dad and Mom followed. “So what’s up?” Dad asked curiously.

“Wait and watch!”

Tina quickly loaded the photos on to her computer. “You know this guy’s email address?” she asked. Dad gave it to her.

Tina attached the photos and sent a short mail.

“There, it’s done!” said Tina, proudly. “So my little test is this… If he is confused by the photos and doesn’t know what to tell… thumbs down! Instead, if he has something to write about it… I’ll meet him at the dinner”

“Hmmmmm,” was all that Dad said.

Later that evening, everybody fidgeted about as they sat down for supper. Undoubtedly, everyone was strangely excited and curious about the e-mail.

“Do you think Nikhil…erm… would have mailed you?” Dad asked.

“No harm in checking my mail!” Tina shrugged and switched on the computer. She was surprised when she saw his reply e-mail.

“Open it! Open it!” Dad and Mom whispered, like little kids.

Tina laughed. “Let me guess. I bet the guy has replied saying he couldn’t make any sense out of those photos… or maybe, he appreciated it as nice snaps and didn’t know what else to put in…”

When she opened his e-mail they all read it quietly.

Tina did not know what to say. She looked at her Dad.

“I want to meet this guy… soon!” she said and left the room.

Dad smiled at Mom. “Ah, I’m sure things are going to go well from now. I can see it!”

Mom frowned. “Are you sure you didn’t cheat? I saw that you had called Nikhil earlier today?”

Dad just laughed. “No, I didn’t cheat. If someone is taking part in a contest, it is only fair that he knows the rules, right? I just gave him a hint!”

“To make sure he wins… the test?” Mom asked.

“Nah… to make sure my daughter wins… a perfect partner!” Dad said softly.

__END__

