Family Story – WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU ARE OVERAMBITIOUS (Part – II)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mr. and Mrs. Mallick returned happily after admitting her daughter in New Delhi’s school. They bought almost all things her daughter wanted from them while leaving her in the hostel. Everything was settled so nicely that the parents as well as their daughter looked extremely happy.

 Whosoever asked from them about their daughter, they replied that she was alright there and doing well.

 Every day at night they used to talk to their daughter over telephone by turn about how she was pulling on. She said, “Everything is OK, nothing to worry at all.

 Days were passing on their flying wings as pleasantly as in Fairy Tales.

 “Now we are free from one anxiety – about the career of our daughter, she is in one of the best schools of New Delhi, no worry about her higher education, she can compete any joint entrance examination after twelfth, no doubt in it.”- Parents were so confident that they used to say to their friends.

 The parents whenever got time proceeded to New Delhi to see their daughter also. So much love and affection they showered till they lived with their daughter that while departing with the daughter their eyes were filled with tears, they had to hold them inside. With sheer smile on the faces they saw off the daughter at the hostel gate.

 Here is the turning point in the story.

 I was extremely engaged in auditing of books of accounts in the office. The statutory auditors were sitting in front of my table and busy in work. It was about eleven O’clock in the morning. Just then Mazumdar Babu, Accountant entered my chamber and to his utter surprise said to me, “ Do you know, Sir! A very sad news!”

 What has happened? Tell me clearly.

 You know Mr. Mallick’s daughter?

 Yes.

She was reading in New Delhi.

 I know it also. What has happened, tell me.

 She is no more.

 How? She was alright. What happened and how died?

 She committed suicide, she was found dead in her hostel room. Just now I received the news over telephone from Mr. Sinha, one of my friends in Head Quarter.

 We were stunned to get this sad news. The auditors stood up and stopped the work. I said to Mazumdar Babu, “ Let us go to his bungalow.”

 We rushed there and the scene we came across was very tragic. A large number of well wishers were in and around the bungalow. Mrs. Mallick was senseless to hear the sad news and admitted to hospital. Mr. Mallick was surrounded by his colleagues who were consoling him but it had no effect on Mr. Mallick’s mind. He was at a loss to decide what to do then, no charm in life, everything gone!

 He cried bitterly since he heard the sad news, his was not ready to believe in the news. His eyes were dried up, no tears to shed any longer. What he thought of and what happened, now what for his life was, meaningless without her, how and why occurred, what wrong he had committed in life that he was punished so cruelly by God…

 Too many mouths, too many comments.

 Someone said, “ Mr. Mallick should not have withdrawn her daughter from here. She was doing well here, not at all necessary to admit her to New Delhi’s school.

 Another commented, “ New Delhi is not a good place for us. Students from different states join the school and one is jealous of another, can do harm to anyone.”

 Mr. Mazumdar asked me, “ Sir! What is your opinion about Mr. Mallick’s decision?”

 In my opinion it was a wrong decision to withdraw the daughter and admit her to New Delhi’s school. Mr. and Mrs. Mallick shouldn’t have become overambitious about their daughter.”

 “Only one daughter the parents have, they should not have kept her far away from their eyes.” – one of his colleagues gave his views.

 “Very unfortunate!”- said D (F ) and asked his secretary to extend all co-operation and assistance to Mr. Mallick’s family.

 “Let the situation be normal, we have decided to proceed to New Delhi today. We want to see the Principal and want to know actually what has happened and why?”- one of the Mallick’s relatives said to us.

 One by one the people left with the heavy hearts, only a few were present there to take care of Mr. Mallick, his wife and other kith and kin.

 So many things appeared and disappeared in my mind one by one, the whole matters from beginning to the end before my eyes, I could not come to a conclusion what fault was there either with the parents or her daughter that resulted in such an unfortunate end.

***

Second Story: Will continue…

Writer:Durga Prasad,Bich Bazar,GT Road,Gobindpur,Dhanbad.

 Dated: 5th. November 2014, Day: Wednesday, Time: 8.41 AM

*****

