‘He’s going to be angry ‘, I cried out to dad. He was supposed to take me to the bazaar.  ‘I want the golden playing cards or else do not come back to me asking for chocolates and no talking for 2 days ‘his words kept haunting me. ‘what will I do now dad? ‘, I asked my dad out of frustration,

‘I don’t know, you know him well, you take care of it ‘, I can’t believe he was laughing while saying that. I turned away to the other side looking at the vehicles passing by, but my mind was murmuring about the way he’s going to react.

I knew this was going to be the scenario, he sat right next to me doing nothing but just kept staring at me for almost 30 minutes now, I even promised him to get it the next time when dad takes me out for shopping, but nothing seems to convince him. I looked straight at the television right in front of me to ignore his look, I know what will happen if I turn and look at him. ‘48 hours and the time starts now ‘, is all he said after knowing that I haven’t gotten his golden playing cards and all his taunting tricks have started already to let me know 24/7 that I have not got what he wanted and also that he’s angry.

So I chose to ignore his taunting tricks and watch my favorite show on TV, but yeah I’m on 48 hours no talking punishment by my cute little 70-YEAR-OLD-KID so it’s not going to be easy for me to watch what I want, and the channel changes. I look at him finally who is so engrossed in the TV news which is hated by him on normal days, he’s actually very cute when he’s angry. my father used to tell me , my 70-year-old kid used to be a strict dad before but that doesn’t look like it.

I was 15 when I realized that no matter how old you are, everyone has a childishness behaviour within themselves, I thought about it as I stood up smiling at his cuteness and went to my room and chose not close the door completely and decided to have a look at what he’s going to do next , and it made me smile more , he changed the channel back to what I was watching and departed to his room . Oh, my 70-year-old kid loves me way too much.

And that’s not the end, I went out after some time to fetch my favourite snack to eat and I couldn’t find it, I knew it must be his work, I went to his room to see him eating all my favourite snack and feeding some to my dog, he looked at me and took out the snack box and flipped it upside down to let me know that it’s empty, I couldn’t resist smiling of his cuteness, my 70-year-old kid is definitely angry and I was called by my mom for dinner, followed by his call for dinner too .

I was waiting to see where he’s going to sit because on normal days, he sits next to me and I serve him the food and I was not surprised, he sat right opposite to me and asked mom for the plates and the food to be served. I looked at dad to see him looking at me, we smiled seeing my 70-years-old’s cuteness. He had his dinner really quick and stood up to wash his hands and I could see him looking at me and turning back in a second to check if I’m noticing all his tricks of staying angry with me, but he suddenly halted before entering his room as if he realized something,  It took me few seconds to realize that it’s his medicine taking time after dinner and I’m the one who knows what medicines to give and where the medicines are kept at.

He doesn’t take it otherwise so my dad made me responsible for his medicines and I started laughing realizing that.

I stood up to wash my plates and hands and came out to see him walking up and down the hall. he stopped and looked at me, I decided to ignore his look and walk past him and sat on the sofa to watch TV and could sense him continuing his walk up and down the hall behind me. I was having a good time seeing him like this but was called by my dad to his room while my 70-year-old kid was still walking up and down and I know he wouldn’t quit until I give him the medicines, I gave a glance at him and went to my parent’s room.

I came out to see him not there, I was surprised to see him quit. I smiled again looking at my hand holding the golden cards he asked for, dad went back after dropping me to buy them and kept it as a surprise, I kept it on our playing table and opened his door, he looked at me and I smiled at him and left to my room, he must have been confused I guess. I kept my door half open to see how he reacts, he came out to see our playing table light was on and as he went closer I could see his expressions change, he smiled, he was in joy, he had turned really into a kid just like how I would have reacted if I’ve got my favourite ice cream. I went near him with the medicines in my hand as he looked at me, ‘can we play a game before I have the medicine? ‘, is all he asked with happiness.

Oh, my cute 70-year-old kid, the joy of staying as a kid forever is a blessing. I realize all this now, only when I sit in front of my grandson as his 70-year-old kid with my own set of golden playing cards in my hands.

I love you, grandpa. thank you for making me stay as a kid forever.

–END–

