Funny Family Story – Birthday

Photo credit: 

 from 

For the umpteenth time, Sameer cursed himself for fixing meeting with Mr. Mehta, one of his high profile clients, on 5th July. Whoever told personal and professional life should be balanced never told that for achieving that, your personal and professional calendar should exist side by side, literally. The alarm on his mobile snoozed for the fifth time. The display showed “buy gift – Priya’s b’day –  5th July”. A note on his table showed, “Flight to Mumbai confirmed for 7.00 a.m. on Friday, 5th July.”

In an attempt to save himself from lifelong accusation from his better half, Sameer called up Mr. Mehta’s secretary to postpone the meeting to Saturday, 6th July.  “Mr. Mehta is available for 8.00 P.M. in the evening on Saturday. Shall I confirm and please note Mr. Mehta doesn’t like change in his schedules,” warned Mr. Mehta’s secretary. Sameer was hoping for a lunch time meeting so that he wouldn’t have to cancel his Saturday night plans with friends. Sulkily, he confirmed the date.

Thereafter, he called the booking agent to arrange flight tickets for Saturday evening. “Sir, no tickets are available for Saturday afternoon. Only early morning flight is available. If you want, I will book immediately,” informed the booking agent.  Sameer hated early morning flights. “Go ahead,”said Sameer.

The next immediate problem to be dealt with was convincing his boss to approve for hotel accommodation for Saturday as he would be reaching Mumbai in the morning and his meeting is scheduled at night. After two hours and a lecture on cost minimization, Sameer finally emerged from his boss’ cabin looking as a school boy who had just solved the toughest maths problem in his book.

Finally relieved, Sameer started working on the presentation for Mr. Mehta after making a mental note to buy Priya’s birthday gift in the evening.

At dinner, Priya was ranting about her hectic work schedule and her boss while Sameer was busy switching news channels on television when he suddenly froze on the sofa as Priya happily exclaimed, “Thank God, my birthday is on Saturday. Neither of us will have to beg for leave in front of our bosses.”  The alarm was set one day prior to Priya’s birthday for purchase of her gift.

__END__

