Fate and Sakura

Photo credit: 

 from 

Read 

 | 

 | 

 Our miraculous adventure had a strong hold in the village and for many days I had repeat the same story to Jako’s family and the village about how we survived the ordeal. Relaying the incidents wasn’t a problem but what came after that was really a pain in the neck. Everyone asked how we managed to get out of that storm. Some even started giving me suggestions what I should have done which wouldn’t have led us into that situation.

I really wanted to tell them please for gods sake don’t say all those bullshit. The thing is we are alive in front of their very eyes and it’s time to move on. We don’t have to look back. Yes we made a mistake but it was just a coincident that we got caught up in the storm. We didn’t get into that deliberately. If we had any idea about what was going to happen in times ahead should we have taken that risk? I started ignoring them and Hiroto was a great help to me at that time.

Fortunately the harvesting season was there and we were busy in the field always. We didn’t even go to the river banks like we used to do after the days work. Some times some villagers and children came to the fields Hiroto stood out and told them that we were busy and it wasn’t a good time for them to come. We loved to see them going off complaining and cursing. We just laughed at them afterwards. It really was a good relief for both of us. Jako was really thankful to me and would sometimes join us for a chat.

He often used to say “ You had not just saved my daughter but the lifeline of the family!”

For sure Aiko was the lifeline of the family. She was the one who managed the family so well that it ran so smoothly. She was the reliable one in the family. Ever since the mountain incident she became very close to me and we would spend time secretly in the stable or even in the fields. Sometimes Hitomi and the kids had to come looking for her saying that Hana is calling her. Once we were busy chatting under the ‘sakura’ tree near the field. Our chatting developed into a playful nature I started chasing her around the tree. She teased me calling ‘shiroi saru’ which means white monkey. I chased her and tried to tickle her but I didn’t realize that Jako was watching us.

After some time Sato came to us in a very cautious tone to alert that we are being watched. I was still smiling thinking that he was joking and as I turned my face towards the house I saw Jako looking at us. Aiko didn’t say a word and left instantly. She was fear struck and walked nervously towards home. I kept on looking at her and really wanted to see what Jako would do. I swore to myself that if anything happens to her I will not hold myself back and if necessary would not hold back my fist. It had been a while since I last used them. I could beat anyone at the military camp of my own size but looking at Jako maybe I have to give my best shot.

As Aiko approached Jako my heart dropped to my feet. Sato was really in a panic spree. I kept my eyes on her as she walked…   walked….walked…and walked past Jako. Jako did not do anything to her. But a couple of steps away she was stopped. Jako went close to her and I picked up my legs. I increased my pace as Jako continued talking with her.

“It’s my fault!”

I started muttering to myself as I drew nearer. Jako was facing his back towards me as he talked to Aiko. I was about to interrupt their conversation when Jako turned around and asked me

“Is it so?”

“What?”

I didn’t get what he was trying to ask. So he asked me again.

“Is it so?”

I looked at Aiko and could see a spark in her eyes. It didn’t seem to be unfriendly. Actually she was smiling. I asked Jako again,

“What do you mean?” and he replied “Is it so that you are ‘shiroi saru’?”

I swallowed my tongue and words could not come out of my mouth that instant. As I opened my mouth to say the vocal cords still in stress played a wrong tune which brought Aiko into laughter. She covered her mouth instantly since Jako was there. But she couldn’t take it so she ran to the house leaving behind a trail of giggles. Jako looked at me and said,

“You had really spoiled her you know?”

“Before she used to tease me ‘shiroi kuma’ and now you ‘shiroi saru!That’s really great you know! It’s just because of our love she is like that!”

I stood still trying to figure out what the sentence meant. He looked at me and said,

“I hope you will love her more than me all your life!”

I felt like wings popping out of my shoulders as I heard that statement from Jako. I felt like asking him can you repeat it again. I want to hear once more. I felt like leaping out in the air for joy and scream my lungs out. But I couldn’t do anything for my legs stood frozen to the ground in disbelief. Jako told me that tonight he is going to discuss with his family about it. He gave me a strong thud on my shoulders with his large hand and walked away smilingly. I stayed there for a while thinking whether it was a dream or reality.

I was shocked for I didn’t believe that it would turn out this way. I shook my head like a Newfoundland dog out of water and went straight to Hiroto.  Hiroto was in the stable feeding the animals. I didn’t call his name out but instead ran swiftly to him like am going to tell him where the enemies are hiding in the battlefield. I held his hand and brought him down to his knees as I peeped whether it was clear. Then in a very soft tone I asked him

“Do you know Jako caught me and Aiko chasing each other under the sakura tree today!”

Hiroto opened his mouth to say something and I silenced him by covering his mouth with my hand.

“Ssshhhh!! Listen to me first! And then I thought that’s it we are doomed! I will be kicked out of the house and ofcourse the village and my love story will end!”

Hiroto kept looking at me trying to guess what am going to say next.

“But it didn’t! Jako had accepted me and asked me to look after Aiko very well! Wow!! Isn’t that great my friend?”

I said in a hysterical tone trying to let out my joy held inside of me long. I looked at Hiroto’s sparkling eyes and opened my mouth to speak when requested to speak now. I didn’t want to be rude so I said

“Yeah!go ahead!”

“Well actually my father knew about it way before me!”

At that instance my happiness and joy flew away with the wings which came out from my shoulders.

I said, “What do you mean?”

In reply Hiroto said “It had been since last summer when he noticed you two attraction to each other!”

“You must have thought that no one will know about it but infact he saw the same fire burning in your eyes as in Aiko’s! He just wanted to make sure that you are trustworthy and you had proved it!”

He came to me and asked me only one thing- “Do you think there is anyone better than Ryan to look after Aiko?”

“And what did you say?” I asked in curious tone knowing the most appropriate answer.

“Ofcourse you my friend!”

Hiroto held my hand tightly showing his confidence and confirmation. I was thrilled by Jako’s character. I didn’t know what to say next but I suppose he did what a father needs to do for his daughter.  We spent rest of the afternoon in the stable doing the usual chatting till Sato joined us panting and puffing saying, “Do you know what Jako told me?”

we looked at each other and burst out into laughter leaving Sato in a dismay for a while. Later we told him everything to which he was very annoyed. He doesn’t to be kept out of the picture till the last moment. He burst out of the stable complaining and cursing as he normally did. But soon after joined us for he doesn’t like to be alone as well. We smoked for a while and then went home.

Read 

|

