Fate and Sakura

Photo credit: 

 from 

Read 

 | 

 | 

 I followed the group into the house led by Hiroto. I was desperate to see Aiko but she was nowhere to be seen. My heart dropped for I feared if she had married someone else. I didn’t ask them about her and tried to be in the middle of conversation. Then after sometime Hana called me inside. I went to her and she asked me to wait in the kitchen. Everything looked the same as before. I could recall my days when I used to spend here. My memories were re-lit for a moment and I didn’t want to get out of it.

I entered the kitchen and on my left I saw Shila holding onto Aiko by her side. She was smiling at me while Aiko’s eyes were glued to the side wall. It seemed like that she wasn’t surprised to see me. Shila spoke,

“Here is your property! She had spent most of her time here! Every day I used to tell her that one day you would return and here you are! Now take care of your responsibility and I hope that now nothing should come between you two!”

She patted Aiko’s shoulders and left the kitchen leaving us to alone. I didn’t know where to start from as I was still unsure about her feelings now. Though it had been almost an year of separation but the feeling was the same. I slowly walked towards the fireplace and said,

“So how are you!”

Aiko sighed and said, “ How was I….. (sighed)!i don’t know how I was….!”

She became silent again and then spoke, “How were you?”

I looked at her and spoke, “Almost the same as you….for my part I suppose!”

I figured out that she was in terrible state as I was. This was the chance to make a move so I said nothing and rushed towards her grabbing her in my arms and kissed her almost sucking her lips dry. She also expressed her feelings by doing the same. The strength of our feelings exploded at once revealing all the long-suffering and desire to be together again. Tears kept flowing and I could taste her salty lips and feel it’s warmth on my face. We felt the relief from loneliness and joy of reuniting at the same time.

She kept saying, “Promise you won’t leave again…..promise you won’t go anymore!”

I held her tighter and confirmed that I won’t leave her again. Am here for her. Am here to stay. She tried to immerse further into my chest and I tried to grab her deeper within myself. The scent from her hair fused down to my soul igniting my spirit giving me confidence and newfound love. For it was reunion and my rejuvenated heart kept on falling for her on and on. I wished that this moment never ends in my life but soon we had to pull ourselves out of it.

We could hear children approaching towards us. We stepped back and gazed at the entrance as little Chiaki entered first followed by Yuralria and Hitomi. Yuralria was bit shy and she should be since she was in early teens and had been a shy girl from the beginning. But nothing could bring changes to Hitomi as she stormed in. She was also in her teens now but seemed totally opposite of Yuralria. She was playful and talkative as before but seemed more hype today. Maybe my presence had been the reason why. They came to inform us that everyone are expecting to see us outside. We agreed and walked out.

As I was about to step out I held Aiko’s hand and walked out. Everyone were surprised to see that but I declared that she was the reason why am here today and this time am not going to leave her. My statement painted happiness all over and was well accepted though it was for that day only. Aiko had been shy all this while trying to hide herself from her family members. I later let her join her mother’s and sisters. She seemed to be more shy now but later settled down.

I felt a bit shy when I joined the men and Hiroto couldn’t stop teasing me for a while. Even Jako joined him leaving only Sato doing nothing but smiling all the time. After sharing some moments I asked Sato to pass my luggage which was next to him. My military uniform got everyone’s attention as it was very rare to see opponents outfit over here. Sato and Jako took it and started admiring the design and it’s features.

I took out some kits like first –aid, eating utensils, water-bottle, my sunglass, wrist-watch, binoculars, hat and some clothes. Except for my favourite sunglass and personal wear I let them take whatever suited them. Jako got himself the binoculars for it was handy for him. I gave Sato my hat and water-bottle. Now he can hide wine it I thought. I gave Hiroto my military cap, sunglass and some other handy stuff. But most important of all was a two gross of cigarettes which I got from Okinawa. That really delighted the men. Finally I took out all my cash which I had received or earned. $5986 I had altogether and gave $2000 to Jako.

He didn’t like the idea of getting money from me but I insisted. I told him to use it to buy some useful stuff when he goes to Alaska next. Overthere he could use this currency and it wasn’t new to Jako. Others looked at it admiring it’s features though it looked bit unappealing to me. I know I won’t be needing it but still decided to keep it for who knows it may come handy some day in future.   I thought about the journey I had made so far and the experiences I went through. My arrival here and then departure. Returning home to learn about my parents and then coming over here again. Life is truly so dynamic and challenging at times. It requires you to ponder well before taking any decisions. Any step you make it should guarantee that it will not give any chance of regretting about your decision. For if it does then it’s you who is the problem not the decision.

 

 I had returned to Hokkaido for my destiny and the love of my life. I got married with Aiko within couple of months and started living in the house built by Jako. I used to write to my family every month. Nathan became my postman and got letters for me from home and Simon. Grandpa was very disappointed with me and didn’t buy the farm lots. He died after three years followed by my grandma a year later. I felt sorry for her but couldn’t do much.

Aunt Shirley kept in touch as long as she lived. Simon settled in Okinawa and married a local. Now both of us had Japanese wives and we often kept in touch. Over I carried along from where I left. I soon got known as the story-teller and started teaching children English. Aiko bore me three children. Two boys and a girl. I never heard from my father and didn’t even bothered to seek him. He was unknown to me from the beginning and I wished to keep it that way. Hiroto also got married in couple of years and lived not far from our house. Infact Jako didn’t want to keep us away from his sight and enjoyed to spend time with us and our children. Shila and Hana became good friends and co-operated well ever since I married Aiko.

Life continued as usual for us. I never heard from US military and believed they had forgotten about me just like Nathan had said. I could have lived a life full of opportunities but I denied all that. Am proud of my decision as this was the life I had been searching for. Everyman should follow their own path, live own life not for someone else’s. The birth and death does not matter. It’s the journey of life you are going through matters the most for it is your life you are living not somebody else. And in my journey as I can describe wasn’t nothing but just fate and ‘sakura’ . Fate played it’s part every now and then whereas ‘sakura’ land was my destiny.

___THE END___

