Family Short Story – LOVE U DAD FOREVER!

Photo credit: 

 from 

I Love my DAD more than anyone else in this world and i realize it when i was going away from my DAD for higher studies.

We both were crying when i was stepping out from my home , for more than 14 years i thought that i just only love my mom coz my dad was always busy, his time was only for his patient, he was crazy for solving all the problems related to the health of patients no matter they are rich or poor, and he involved so much that he ignores his meals no of times, we recall him that dad plz have your meal and he used to say yeah i am coming.

I will never forget that moment when i was leaving my home we both look in each other eyes and the ice melted away!!! its like river flowing from our eyes which will never stop.

I went to college and start my new life with lots of dreams.Now my thoughts were changed my life was changed. I just want to learn all the things as soon as i could, pass all the exams with best results coz I was eagerly wishing to end this hostel life and go back to my DAD so that i got a lot of time to spend with my DAD. I was planning what sort of things we do how we spend our day and lots more.

I just want to live with my dad forever so he was on my top priority.

But what we plan for our future is not exactly same the great GOD is planning for us! at time we are helpless just seeking HIS mercy and nothing else, for HIM we are just a tiny little creature!

My DAD got some problems related to his health and memory, he was starting to forget the damm little things like where he is going where he put his wallet, shoes, money and all other basic routine works also. So he got many check ups related to memory any central nervous system.And when reports came it just totally shock s everybody, reports says that my DAD is suffering from ALZHEIMER!!!!!

What a lovely disease GOD has gifted to him!!!.

He is now forgetting his passion also, passion of curing patient.now he himself is a patient of non curable disease.

One day he will forget about everything, who he is where he is what he is!. Everything.

And one great day he will forget about me also.And i, i am helpless, just keep praying to GOD and waiting for some miracle to happen which cures my DAD.

What about my dreams GOD?

What about my all future planning?

What about my love for my DAD?

What about me?

I don`t know anything only i know that i love my DAD forever. And i can`t live without him!.

LOVE U DAD!

HAPPY FATHER`S DAY!.

__END__

