My first story – Sister’s love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love is a crazy thing in the world.

I’m so excited and so happy because within few minutes my dear loving sis Sanjana is going to change from Miss to Mrs. Yeah today is my sister’s wedding and now I’m in the marriage hall with heart full of happiness. So happily I’m watching my sis on the stage, sitting next to her fiancée, wearing a beautiful silk sari. She looks gorgeous in that bridal wear. She is doing all the customs and rituals told by priest. It feels too good to see her doing all that, and silently I prayed in my heart for her future. I could see the mixed reaction in her face she was happy, tensed, sometimes blushing too.

My name is Krithika and for the readers information Sanjana is not my own sis. She is my colleague at work place. As I was looking at her, I was lost in my sweet memories. Life is full of surprises that we never know when we will meet someone really special in our life. Sanjana is really a special person in my life. I can say that she is one of god’s gifts who made my life so meaningful and colorful.

Just one year back I met her at my work place. That time I didn’t know anything about her. We came to know each other during our office time which made us little closer and gradually we became good friends too. As days passed the bond between us become so strong and soon we started to share a sisterly love to each other, especially me. We were not from the same womb, not from the same blood but I felt she is my sis forever.

“A sister is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit and a golden thread to the meaning of life.”

How true these lines are! I liked her presence, so I started spending a lot of time with her and I loved her a lot. Always I used to find reasons and time to be with her. I felt that she is mine and I can do anything for her. This may be very silly to others but it’s really a very special feeling to me.

I don’t have any brothers or sisters. Not even cousins. So badly I was longing for some love and affection. When she came into my life that’s it I could feel and sense her sisterly sis care and affection on me. She is very caring, loving, kind and compassionate. I liked her in all that she did for me which makes me so crazy day by day. She showed motherly love towards me. She advised me like a dad. She gave me company whenever I was alone, just like a friend. She cared for me like a sis. She paved me a new path in my life when I was depressed because of few personal reasons.

And one thing which I wanted to tell about her is that, she is not at all expressive. But I’ll always express my love in form of surprise gifts, fighting with her, advising her not to do certain things and sudden visits. But she would never express anything. I hope she too like me. Even if she misses me, she won’t tell. Even if she wanted to tell me something, she won’t tell. I have to get words from her mouth. Then too it’s very difficult. Huff… But I know how much she loves me and cares for me. She wants me to be happy forever and she wants me to reach greater heights in my life.

She will scold me if I did anything wrong,

She will teach me to do the right things,

She will guide me through the right path,

She will motivate me during my bad times,

She will pray for me and for my future,

She will tell that I’m too stupid, but likes that a lot,

And finally she will love me, even if I do any mistake.

Suddenly the loud music of nathaswaram brings me to reality. And there the groom ties the mangal sutra around my sis’s neck. I feel so happy for her. Let her life be filled with joy and peace forever. The newly married couple started receiving the blessings from the elders, gifts from the friends; some people were teasing the couple. I was watching everything silently. Suddenly I felt like somewhat, I felt that I lost something very precious I don’t know to express what I felt exactly but I felt the pain of losing someone. The kind of feel that I have experienced once in my life. I searched for my sis to tell her that I’m not in a good mood. Something has happened to me. But she was not there beside me. She is there in the stage with the important person of her life.

I felt the lump in my throat. She is no more my sis. She has some one in her life who is so special and with whom she is going to spend her entire life. Hereafter I can’t meet her whenever I want coz she may have so many responsibilities and I have to wait for the moment. I can’t spend the entire day with her. I can’t go out frequently with her. I can’t text or chat or talk with her continuously. I can’t spend the whole day with her on her birthday and I can’t give any surprises to her.

She looked at me and asked me to come to the stage, I went up hugged her tightly conveyed my heartiest wishes and gave my gift to her. I was happy, but at the same time I felt sad too. I don’t know to express what type of feel was that. Again I looked at both of them, wished them and started moving towards the entrance of the hall. I almost reached the gate. I turned back and saw my sis. She too looked at me and smiled. For The First Time I felt that she is not mine and she will never be mine hereafter. Immediately, I turned back to hide my tears. I wiped of my tears and smiled at her and gestured a bye to her. It is really difficult to behave different with the person whom we loved so much. As I walked I was thinking how I’m going to behave with her from now onwards, but I understood… This is life and we have to move on. Whatever happens she will be my sis and I will be there for her always.

Life is full of surprises we don’t know why we meet someone in our life and why we love them like anything and why we feel they are so special in our life. We don’t know the time when we will miss our dear ones. Love them truly in their presence but love deeply in their absence. I will miss my sis after her marriage. I MISS YOU sis but always will love you.

Dedicated to my sister.

__END__

