Funny Story – Friend’s Visit

Photo credit: 

 from 

Romford is a large suburban town in northeast London. Peterson is the manager in a real estate office in Romford. His wife is also a manger in a financial company, but in Chigwell.

Peterson is in Romford and his wife Carolina Peterson is in Chigwell. She asks Peterson to get his job transferred to Chigwell so that they can be happy there. She likes CHIGWELL so much. But Peterson is very much happy in ROMFORD where he has good number of friends. So he is not getting her advice with any serious attention. He is much attached to Romford only.

Peterson’s office has the head office in Chigwell. If he tries, it is easy to get his transfer to Chigwell. There are many offices in Chigwell where he can get the posting as manager with his experience. Peterson has a nice circle in Romford. He has good friends. When Carolina is not at home, some women come to help home in cooking and Peterson feels very happy at the company.

Carolina comes every week to Romford on Friday night. She stays Saturday and Sunday. She starts on Sunday night to back to Chigwell. This journey is what she hates. So every week when she comes to Romford, she advises Peterson to get him transferred to Chigwell.

One day, Peterson is sitting in the hall. He is viewing some TV serial. His wife Carolina came just now. She kept her bag in the room. She kept her smart phone on the TV stand. She went to have a bath. When she is in Bathroom, Her mobile is ringing continuously. Peterson is not interested in attending Carolina’s calls. So he kept quiet.

Carolina’s mobile is ringing again. This time Peterson took the her mobile and saw some James name. He answered that James.

“Hello…”

“Hello Carolina. I am James. I am coming to Romford tomorrow morning. Can I expect your company tomorrow completely for me?”

“………….”

“Ok. I feel you are not comfortable now to speak. I will call you again tomorrow morning. Bye. Good Night.”

Peterson is disturbed at this call. He is not happy to attend his wife’s calls. But when he accidentally attended one call, it was like this. Who is this James? Peterson is seriously thinking about this. That night Peterson did not talk with Carolina pleasantly.

“How the things are here?” Carolina asked her husband.

“Well, as usual, nothing new. Can I ask you one thing?” Peterson asked frankly.

“Ask me anything. What is it so important?” Carolina looked at him with some wonder.

“Who is James?”

“What James?” Carolina looked at him enquiringly.

“Your mobile has his number. He called now when you are in Bathroom. He said that he will come tomorrow and he likes your company for the whole day.”

Carolina looked at the jealous feel in Peterson’s looks. She smiled.

“James, Yes, I know. I tell you James is my nice friend. James coming to Romford means a lot for me and I like to give my company without fail. When James is coming?”

Peterson is really very angry, but he controlled his feelings.

“I don’t know. James will call you tomorrow morning. Then you will know at what time James is coming.” Peterson said with a feel of disgust towards this James.

“Of course, James will call me tomorrow morning. I want to give my company exclusively to James. Do you have any program tomorrow with me?”

“No, no program for me with you. If I have to eat in a hotel also, there will be no problem. Just give that James full entertainment tomorrow for as James is entirely new to Romford.”

Next day a call from James came. James is in Romford railway station. Romford railway station is an interchange station on the Great Eastern Main Line, serving the town of in the London Borough of Havering, east London.

Carolina said bye to her husband Peterson and said that she is going to meet James, so don’t wait for her and he can have his lunch in any hotel for today. Peterson is wondering for the daring deeds of his wife Carolina who is publicly doing her romance with this James. So the matter has come to very serious twist. He is very serious about this affair de coir.

That day Carolina is with James. She did not return home until mid night. When she returned home around midnight, she said that she is very much tired after looking after James. Now she needs plenty of rest. So she had a bath and went to bed, with our spending a little time with Peterson.

Peterson is really on fire of bed. Intolerance is growing. James is the centre of fire and Carolina did not utter a word about this James. So Peterson thought that he has to do something very seriously to stop her from going to James. He has the love towards Carolina and he wants to retain her for himself.

The next day he spent with Carolina with some disinterest. In the evening she went to Chigwell to attend her job. Peterson is not well after she went to Chigwell. As he seriously thought about the transfer to his wife’s place.

Peterson talked to the manager of the central office in Chigwell and he asked for a transfer. He got a god news that the manager post in Chigwell office is vacant and he will be posted there in two or three days. Peterson got transfer to Chigwell and he is getting ready to go to Chigwell.

Peterson has friend called Abraham who is working as the manger in another office. He met Peterson and said that he will to come soon to Chigwell. He is trying for a transfer to Chigwell.

“What so much interest in Chigwell for You?” Peterson asked Abraham.

“James. I love her. She came last Saturday here. Your wife gave her full day company. James is my sweet heart.” Abraham said.

“What James? Is it not a boy?”

“No, she is a pretty girl. She is working in Chgwell Railways. I saw her in Chigwell and when she came her last Saturday, Your wife helped us to meet and have some understanding She accepted for marrying me.” Abraham said, explaining everything.

“I am happy to know that you are marrying James. Advance greetings. I do my best to get your transfer done son.” Peterson said.

As soon as Carolina met Peterson in Railaway station Of Chigwell, James is also with her.

“Meet my close friend James. Soon she will be James Abraham.” Carolina said.

“I know, Abraham told me.” Peterson said.

Peterson saw that James is a sweet girl and anybody can be very happy in her company.

_The END_

