Short Story of Joint Family

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the story about the joint family. Now-a –days, aged people believe that only young generation is responsible for the break-up of joint family. But I want to bring light on the unknown part of break-ups of joint family which is becoming the crucial part of our daily life now-a-days.

A girl named Meenakshi got married in a joint family. It was the family of three brothers named Amit, Vinit and Sumit. Meenakshi got married to the youngest son named Sumit who was doing his own business of motor parts. Both elder brothers of Sumit were service-men. Besides all the three couples, Sumit’s mother was also lived with them in the family.

As the time passes , Meenakshi realized that her mother-in-law was very strict and dominating in nature. Whenever she wants to go for outing with her husband, her mother-in-law always used to refuse by saying that you should do all the household work and take care of us in this house other than outing. Meenakshi was the only daughter of his parents, other than his younger brother. Indeed, Amit’s wife was an orphan and got married by his guardians who took her parental property in the name of her marriage and Vinit’s wife was one of the daughter among her four sisters and one brother. In words words, we can say that parental family background were different in case of all daughters-in-law. Her elder sisters-in-law have no parental house.

One day, Meenakshi planned to go to her parent’s house on her brother’s birthday with her husband. But when they informed her mother-in-law, she refused by saying” you are newly married. Your first duty is to make her understand that she should take care of her house instead of going here and there. “ But Sumit refused and take his wife to her parent’s house.

When they returned back, she begun to scold Meenakshi and warned that if she wanted to live here, she should be followed her orders, otherwise she can leave the house. Meenakshi begun to cry and Sumit got angry. He said to her mother” You have no right to insult my wife. If you want to repeat the behavior of grandmother, then how can you different from her. What is the fault of my wife in this case? This is the problem of all mother-in-laws. If you have no mutual understanding with father at your time, how can you tolerate with your daughter-in-law?”

Then, Sumit decided to leave the house with his wife because he didn’t want to repeat the history at the time of his grandmother who always used to dominate his mother and aunts and never gave any personal space to her son and daughter-in-laws. After the death of his grandmother, his uncles and aunts got separated.

Suddenly, Sumit’s mother started crying and begun to forgive her by saying that she will kept Meenakshi and other daughters-in-law as her own daughters. She realized that if she had any daughter, she can understand her daughter-in-laws. She felt that young generation can understand the relation gap especially between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.

On the next Sunday, she decided to send her all sons for picnic with their wives and children. But they decided to make the picnic with her. So, she went with her family and enjoyed which was the reward of her understanding which was necessary for the married life of her next generation.

__END__

