Before She Leaves. (Chapter 2)

“Papa, could you walk Bruce today?”, Gwyn asks John.

“I’m on it, sweetheart.” And in comes Bruce on his leash, more than well prepared to set out in the morning sun. Climbing down the stairs is John’s son in law, Juan. Gwyn’s, Asian husband since 2009.

Mimi often spoke in admiration about how well these two hit it off even after so many years. Inclusive of the college romance. Everybody spoke of Gwyn as this charismatic and jovial work of art, but only Mimi did the same in full knowledge. Little did the rest of the world know how difficult Gwyn had it. Every Sunday since their commitment, Mr. and Mrs. Juan Kai would visit the kids in Ali and king’s foster care. They had been trying to conceive all the while. Its been over 4 years now and no sign of success.

They didn’t speak of it much because it would blue the day for all the four. Gwyn’s brother, Cam, who had been married off earlier last year, is expected today and Gwyn prepares for his arrival.

Cam will turn up with his high school sweetheart turned into (the most beautiful bride Mimi had ever seen) wife, Lisa. They have a little infant, Fay.

She really was a miracle. Lisa prematurely gave birth to Fay. She was unhealthy for the first few months but things got better for them when she became a beautiful pink baby girl who was over loved in all directions.

“When do i get to see Aunt Mi again? I wanna drop by before i get caught up in my own business.” Asks Juan.

“Visiting time is at 5, babe. Go with us, wont you?” Gwyn informs.

They hear the door and realize someone was there. “I must. So, i shall. And i will get that, we all know who it is.” Juan says as he gets to the door abandoning his bowl of rice.

Gwyn tries hard to hold her excitement and she most definitely was a terrible actor. For, when she saw her little red head by the window, she nearly pounced. In comes her baby brother and Lisa, with little Fay. “Ohhh… Cam!!!! My sweet sweet Cammy! How i still remember the day mumma brought you in like you bring Fay now.. It still is and always will remain the proudest moment of my life! “, Gwyn burst into tiny tears of joy as she takes baby Fay in her arms, ever so gently. Juan empathizes.

Lisa always adored her and looked to her as her own. Lisa was the only child who longed for a sister. She saw just what she always wanted in Gwyn.

At that moment, life seemed perfect.

***

