Family Short Story – Before She Leaves. (Chapter 4)

Photo credit: 

 from 

“He made a promise to me that eve. That he would hold me every night thereafter. No matter how bad we had it all day, no matter how horrid our lives, no matter how many fights, quarrels, comments and uneasiness, at the end of the day, I would be his all. And he will hold me through the night. That day. That night. Everything about it, I remember like it was just yesterday. Doesn’t seem like 40 years ago. I had missed my better half. No kisses, no hugs, no love, even if given for the rest of my long life, would make up for what I lost in those years.”

Mimi and John had been away. John was away at Ukraine working on his research. He was a big fan of Astronomy. With the help of his family and a crazy load of support, John’s dad managed to move himself and his son to Ukraine so that John can pursue his higher studies. Mimi stuck to her own network, remained in town and attended a college for a bachelor’s degree.

 They were to be apart for a lengthy 4 years.

Nurses had their tear glads about to blow when in he came, “Our wedding day, hun? We vowed to never be apart again. As she became my beautiful bride in white velvet and blossoms. I remember it like it were yesterday too, even with all my memory loss, darling. Needless to justify your remembrance. How are you now?”

It wasn’t anywhere close to visiting time and John’s arrival was absolutely unexpected! What an entrance.

“Speak of the devil.” Mimi says with a grim. “What are you doing here so early, John? Did the kids come too?”

John didn’t quite have an answer to that. He barely even knew how he had got there in the first place.

“Err, no. They wanted to give us some privacy.”

There was a baffled look on her face which anguished a kind of fear in him. He began to tremble at her gaze. “I-I.. I couldn’t say no to that, could I, Mims?”

Almost instantly, Mimi was aware of the situation. “John, did you leave unnoticed again?”

His silence said it all. The last time this had happened, Gwyn’s over active imagination led them to various conclusions. We could not afford the same a second time!

“Ohhh my, I think we better get to the phone. Get me my phone, John! Don’t just stand there looking at me.”

***

