Life As I Dream

Read Chapter 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

Vineeth’s dad was true to his words. Vineeth’s mom has left to Singapore & Yams is deployed in Bangalore for a short project.

& my life ….looks like there’s some hope.

Vineeth spends time with me. Though he doesn’t agree with lot of things I say, at least he’s listening. That’s a positive start. When I told him I’m unhappy in this marriage, he was in shock. He said he is quite happy & couldn’t accept things are not right between us. I took couple of days leave, so that I can spend time with him.

I went back to office on Friday; Sheela my manager conveyed that they have planned for team dinner that day. Though I wanted to join, I said I will not be able to join. So far after marriage Vineeth never approved me going to meet my friends or relatives. Though he comes from office after nine, he doesn’t like if I’m late from office. But Sheela was persistent. She was also Vineeth manager, when he was working in this company. She has arranged for some drop facility & told me that I can reach home by maximum Ten thirty.

I called up Vineeth & told him I’m going for team dinner. He just said okay & asked when I will be back. I was bit ashamed for arguing with Sheela for a long time.

I got a call from Vineeth

“Hi Sandya. Where are you?”

“In office. Why Vineeth?”

“Why don’t you come home now. Let’s go to temple & go out for dinner….”

“I told you there’s a team dinner today and I have to….”

“Okay okay, when are you starting?”

“Around six thirty….”

“Ok catch you later..”

Again a call from Vineeth

“Hi Sandya. Still in office”

“Yes”

“Just come to main gate”

“What? You are there?”

“Yes. Come fast”

“Hi Vineeth. Going somewhere?”

“Yes. Get into the car. Let’s go out somewhere. Feel like spending time with you…”

“Are you crazy?Of all the days you choose this day to spend time with me..Have you ever come home earlier than nine? Why today of all ..”

“That’s work. This is just a social outing. You can decline it. I don’t want you to attend this…”

“Why Vineeth? Why shouldn’t I?”

“You have to spend more time with family…”

“I don’t have a crying baby or ailing person to take care Vineeth. All I’m going to do at home is sit & talk to you. We can do that tomorrow…..”

“So you won’t respect me….You asked me to spend time with you..Now when I’m…”

“Why are you torturing me ? I have a life outside. I begged for your time last eight months, you never listened to me….”

“I can’t explain more. Do whatever is right…”

“Okay Vineeth..I’ll be home by ten-thirty.”

“You won’t listen to me then….”

I didn’t reply to Vineeth & came back inside to office. I know that’s rude. But he is forcing me to do that. What’s wrong if I go out for a day? Is he suspecting me? He’s like this even I visit my parents.

That was Vineeth again…

“Hi Sandya. Enjoying?”

“Yes Vineeth. Where are you? Reached home is it? I have asked the cook to prepare your favorite item today”

“You still feel what you are doing is correct, Sandya?”

I excused myself and came to washroom.

“Vineeth. What do you want? Just do things as you say is it?”

“Isn’t this basic respect one give to elders?”

“Stop this. I’ll come back & talk to you. I’m totally pissed off with you…..”

“My mom is right. You don’t have any respect towards….”

“Mom? Okay. I got it. It’s your mom who is behind this….”

“Sandya…One more word against mom….”

“Bye. I’m not ready to talk to you. ”

I cried my heart out. I took me some time to come back to normal & join the dinner. If he had told one genuine reason, I wouldn’t have come to dinner. But all he requires is blind obedience from me, when he doesn’t even respect my feelings.

Read Next 

 | 

