Life As I Dream

Read Chapter 

 | 

 | 

 | 

During the lunch break, I found out interviews were still going on.

HR class post- lunch is an absolute pain. During class  ,Bindu & I send sms to each other commenting about our batch mates & professor. Ragavi is listening with full intention. Anyways class gets over. No news on placement yet.

Vineeth calls me around six. He &Yams have got through. I was very happy for Vineeth & Yams

Yams called me in few minutes and ask me to come for her treat. It was kind of surprise. I talk with Yams on Hi-Bye basis and nothing more. I guess it’s because of Vineeth.

“So.. What’s happening?  You know with Vineeth” Yams asked

“Nothing…”

“I understand there’s something” she says.

‘Too early to say…I mean I hardly started going out with him’ I manage

‘Hmmm… Let’s see’

“So what’s up with Vineeth?” Bindu asks

steps

“Hello Vineeth”

“Hi Sandya. Wanted to say Good night” he starts talking

“It’s romantic” 

 “I’m the only one left  …”

“Searching for me?” asked Vineeth who was chatting with his gang.

“Yeah”.

“All the best. But still..I would be happy if you don’t get it….”

“Why? “

“Because they offer project in Bangalore & I want you to do project in Chennai”

“Are you nuts? This is a very good company!”

“I know, I just told you……………. Hey it doesn’t matter. Do well”

“Sandya, come it’s going to start” shouted Bindu. I totally forgot about my summer placements.

It was Rajitha & few others who secured summer placement. I was rejected in first round. Bindu lost in second round.

“I hate to lose to a girl with no brain” Bindu was shouting in our room.

“Probably she has some and she was practicing a lot today morning” Ragavi replied. Ragavi finds something good in everyone.

“No she is doing something. How does she get things easily? I have to find it out somehow” Bindu replied.

“Can’t you hear the phone ringing? Pick up the call” shouted Ragavi

It is Vineeth. I’m still angry with him. It’s not that because of him, I lost the interview. But he spoiled my mood. He wants to meet me & I reluctantly agreed to meet him in department.

“Do you even care to think how I feel?” I shouted at him

“Actually I do” Vineeth replies

“Come on. It’s just a project. There are many more to come” He continued

“I’m more concerned about what you told just before the interview. I know I will get a good project” I replied

“What’s wrong in what I told? I want you to be in Chennai, so that you will be close by. We can spend some time before I join the job.”

“ Is that very important now? We hardly know each other & ”

“You know what. I like you when you are shocked to react. I like you when you don’t know what to say. I like you when you take some extra moment to put things nicely to others. It might be very early. But I guess this is going to be”  said Vineeth.

Read Next 

 | 

