Story of Mother’s Love – Lovely family

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Snigdha is very happy today. As today is her birthday like all birthday today she has been going to gifted by everyone. She is going to be  special for one day. That’s what birthday is A day in which you feel special everyone’s on you. Everyone give you a special treatment she loves all these things. As she opens her eyes she moves to her dressig table sets her hair and look the specialty on herself. Her Father comes and hugs her from back and kisses at her head.

“Happy birthday dear. May god bless you”he said patting her cheek.

She smiles and turns. “Thank you so much dad” She said by hugging him.

“So what gift my dear daughter wants on her birthday”Rakesh asked her.

“Nothing dad you are more than enough for me there are many one who has no time to even wish me in this occasion” She said while looking towards her mom who is busy in her chores.

Her mother Soumya turns and with a painful smile she says”Happy birthday my dear.”

Snigdha even does’nt pay attention to Soumya and starts going. But Rakesh pointed her.

“Your mother has wished you. Say thank you to her don’t act so rudely she is your mother”Rakesh said in anger.

“Don’t shout at her its her day a special one” Soumya yelled.

“Shut up mom you are responsible for it and still you act as if nothing his happening. Everytime you spoil my birthday then act as if nothing happen. Do you know it is very special for anyone. My friends celebrate their birthday with their family but my mom or so called step mom never want me to be happy” Snigdha is’nt able to complete her sentence there is a thunder slap at her face.

Yes Rakesh gave her a tight slap, tears are rolling from Snigdha eyes she looks toward her mom and ran from there. Soumya look towards Rakesh who is in full anger. She puts her hand at his shoulder.

“You should’nt have to act so rudely. She is too small.Why don’t you understand” Soumya take her side.

“She is 13 years old and enough to know what is right or wrong” Rakesh pounced back.

“Please leave it.Today is her birthday go and make her happy, i don’t want my daughter smile to be snatch by me please.”Soumya make him understand. Rakesh get up and moves to her daughter who is sobbing, he goes and pats her head.

“Don’t my daughter wants to talk to me.Then with whom i am going to party”Rakesh smiled because he knew this trick is going to be work.

Snigdha stops crying and hugs her father.”Thank you Papa we will do lot of fun ok.” She said.

Rakesh: Yes go and get ready my daughter mumma and Papa will accompany you.

Snigdha smile got snatched after hearing her mother name but still she does’nt want to spoil anything hence goes and get ready for the grand party.

A large car comes in front of Rakesh house. Rakesh, Soumya and Snigdha goes and sits in it. Driver start moving to beautiful lakeside but in between a truck come in font of their car. Everyone is busy in talking but Soumya noticed it and hence she gave a high push to her husband and child from the car. Before Snigdha and Rakesh can understand why they had pushed. Car met with an accident.

Everyone moves towards hospital. Soumya is submitted in ICU. Tears are rolling through his eyes he goes and sits in chair. Snigdha looks towards his father and she puts hands at his shoulder.

“Papa don’t cry Everything will be fine. Mumma will be ok” Snigdha tries to make everything fine. Tears are rolling from her eyes too. She does’nt know why?But they are she never respected her mother that much then why today tears are rolling from her eyes.

Rakesh puts hand on her head.He can understand that she is sad.

“You never love your mom na. Today i want to tell you something dear. Soumya is sister of your mom Amber. Amber married to blackmails me if I’ll tell anyone she kills your grandmother. I have no option left. Snigdha you are  not Soumya’s daughter. She took care of you after death of Amber in accident. No one called you bad hence she never told anyone that she is not your mom. She never become mother because she wants to give all her love to you only.”Rakesh told everything in one stroke.

Snigdha’s feet are trembling how bad she thought about her who wants only happiness in her life.

“You are right daughter, birthday is very special occasion for everyone it is a day when we feel special.Today is her birthday also, but she never told you because you never want to know, she gives all her happiness to make you happy.Today is her also special day beta, she also celebrate her birthday with pride but after Amber’s death she make this day special for you not for her. She also has dream but they are hide behind yours.”Rakesh told everything with a painful smile.

Suddenly lights of OT off.Doctor comes out.

“How was my mother. Is she is fine” Snigdha pounced her question. Rakesh smile looking her love for her mother.

Doctor says”She is fine you can meet her”. And he moves from there. Without looking on anyone Snigdha moves to Soumya’s room. She goes and hold her mother’s hand.

Soumya with pain open her eyes and smiled by looking on her loving daughter.

“Are you okay.My dear nothing happens to you” Soumya says by looking on Snigdha.

Snigdha says”I am fine mumma. Happy birthday from today onward i am going to make your each day special thank you to save my life.”

Soumya smiles”If you are with me everyday will be special”.

Raakesh look towards his family through window and smiles.And went under OT to complete his family.Everyone in this world is very good just try to understand from their point of view.

__END__

