This story is selected as 

 and won 

Love Story – Been there done that

Photo credit: 

 from 

It had been a long and tiring day for all three of them, even after Shruti’s whining attempts to skip it and sleep instead, they all cleaned the basement together. Many things that were somehow lost were discovered kept somewhere in the basement. Shreya’s old doll, which she thought she had lost when she was 8 years old, was stacked with some toys and kept in a brown box behind the old table.

“I cried so much that day when I couldn’t find it, do you remember ma?” Shreya hugged that little doll while Shruti sat on the table putting everything out of the box on the table.

“How can I forget, you went on and on about how I must have left it in the old home” Mrs Dixit commented as she continued cleaning the book shelf in the right. Few old books and showpieces were kept on it. She kept dusting it when she found an old favorite book of hers which brought a smile on her face.

“Ah! Look here is another box, it must have been left behind during the unpacking like that one” Shreya said as she kept another carton on the table.

“Show me show me” Shruti squealed in excitement that now there would be something for her in this box. So far the only thing of her that had been found in the basement was a pink sock.

Mrs Dixit looked inside the box and instantly found herself smiling to see some old photo albums kept in it. It had been so long that she had seen these albums that she almost forgot about them.

“Ok girls let’s take this box in the garden and I’ll show you what’s in it.” She said and with that they all left the basement.

Shruti moved her chair near to ma’s chair just so she could peek inside the box, Shreya did the same, making Mrs Dixit chuckle. She took an album out and started showing the girls photos of when she was their age. Lots of questions were coming from both her sides about who is this who is that, what were you doing and what not. Mum was answering to all their questions and somehow every other answer was ending with “just like you used to do”. After three albums it was going to get dark, and girls were tired.

“We are going inside would you come with us ma?” Shruti asked her mother as she and Shreya stood up to leave.

“You both go inside I’ll be there in a while” Mrs. Dixit replied with a smile on her face.

It’s been a while that they all had sat out in the garden just feeing the tranquility of it. They had decided on buying this particular house just because it had a beautiful garden overlooking a small meadow. Mrs. Dixit had always loved to just come and sit here for hours, which doesn’t quite happens that often due to her busy schedule. With Shreya in 9th and Shruti in 6th standard, she really thought that there would be less running around the house, but then again she remembers her mother dreaming of the same day which never really comes. And with recent events, it was more like a relief for Mrs. Dixit, having spent time with the girls, if not much, did seem like a step forward to ease away the tension that had been going on ever since she had seen Shreya in the café that evening.

After buying the grocery Mrs. Dixit thought to buy cherry cake for Shruti. She entered the café and looked through the fresh baked cakes before ordering the one with cherries. She had just made her order and specified she wanted it parceled, when she thought she saw someone. She went forward with a smile, as she took a few steps that smile faded in a mark of worry. She silently took the cake and left the café unnoticed thinking she would deal with it later. After dinner later that day, Shreya came in the kitchen to have some water.

“How was your day?” Mrs. Dixit asked

“It was good” Shreya replied as she drank the water.

“What all you did?”

“Went out to movie then went to a café”

“That sounds fun, who all went?”

“Everyone, Neha, Shilpa and all others were there.”

“And? Anyone else?”

“Nope” Shreya casually replied and turned to leave.

“Did you like the cherry cake?” Mrs. Dixit asked while she kept the left overs in the fridge.

Shreya realized just where all these questions were coming from. A sudden sense of panic crawled through her nerves. Mother was there, she knew it. What to do now, what to say now? She should have come clean with her but now what? She has already lied and the worst thing that Ma knows she has lied. All these thoughts were making the insides of her stomach have a quarrel. She has to say something, what was the question again?

“Yeah… it was good… like always” She managed to say with a realization that mum knows it. Mrs. Dixit  just gave her a smile and continued with her work. It wasn’t a serious thing, going out with a boy like that, she understands it, but why did she lie about it. Should she openly ask about it or just let it go?

Since then Shreya has been avoiding talking to her mother. Fear of her openly asking about who that boy is or why did she lie, she was mentally preparing for what all she can say if, and it would, such a situation comes. Thinking of lies that may convince her mother, she chose to just avoid any interaction with her for while in a hope that not talking would mean not getting caught.

As Mrs. Dixit kept the albums back in the box she found a small wooden box kept under one of the albums, she took it out and opened it. A dried rose flower, an old handkerchief which has gone a little yellowish with time, a chocolate wrapper kept gently folded twice and few letters were inside the box. It was a frenzy of emotions not really explicable that opened along with the glass lid of that box. She gently picked up the dried rose feeling its age with her fingers. The fragrance was still there, just like the memories that were still intact in it, as if an invitation to leap in that world all over again. From the bottom of the box, letters dating back to 1992 called out to her, and she without hesitation could feel herself 16 again.

 

 

Shruti was intently watching something on pogo when her father came back from office. He sat on the couch with his little girl.

“How was your day pumpkin” He asked.

“it was soooo much fun! We cleaned the basement and we found these boxes and we sat in the garden and then maa showed us these old photo albums and then I saw duck tales and…” She could go just on and on.

“ok ok I get it you had a great day!!” He said as he looked around the house.

“Where is everyone else?” He inquired.

“Maa is still in garden and di is in her room”

“ooH…. Still not talking to each other?”

“Nope today they talked!” She said in a funny tone.

“That’s good! Now you watch your pogo while ill go and check on Mum ok sweetie?”

“Okie dokie.”

He came out in the garden, standing beside Paridhi. She didn’t even realize he was there, she was too busy in her memories to notice, but he noticed a dried rose in her hand. He knew exactly what she was thinking.

“Looking at stars without me wife?” He said, bringing a smile on her face as she turned to face him. He came and sat next to her. She hugged his arm and leaned on his shoulder as they both looked at the star studded night sky.

“What were you thinking about?” He asked.

“About how I used to lie to my mother for you.” She said smiling and he could hear a little blush in her voice.

“So you see, Shreya is just like you.”

“I see it now”

“Would you talk to her?”

“I don’t have a choice do I? If I didn’t she might always hide from me.” She chuckled as she said this. Somehow she had a whole new perspective about the situation now. Remembering her own teenage years have somehow made her understand that her daughters are like her only.

“I told you to try to understand.” He said teasing her.

“Back then you were on my mother’s side and now you or on my daughters side! Gosh Mr. Dixit take my side also sometimes!” She said punching his arm as they both cuddled, shimmering in the starlight.

Next morning Mrs. Dixit went in Shreya’s room with two cups of coffee. They both sat with that glass box which she brought and kept in the center. She began to tell her the story of the day at planetarium.

“So that’s how I and your dad made our dream come true.” She finally ended. At the beginning Shreya didn’t know why she was being told all of this, later it got her curious to know what happened next, if grandma found out did she scold her? And as her mother approached the end, she knew what the story actually meant. They had both finished their coffee so Mrs. Dixit stood up to leave the room. She held the door knob and opened the door.

“Maa…” Shreya called from behind, suddenly feeling comfortable and confident enough. Mrs. Dixit couldn’t stop herself from smiling, but she composed her expression to neutral and turned to face her daughter.

“Yes sweetie?”

“Can I tell you something?”

“You can tell me everything beta.” She told her. And with that she let go of the knob and the door closed as they again sat on the bed, only this time Shreya told the story.

