Moral Short Story – Unborn Smile

Photo credit: 

 from 

She had dreams for her – mighty, majestic dreams. She had waited for this feeling of motherhood since so long. Just a few days more and then they would be a family – her own family. She was longing to look at her daughter, her cute little hands and feet, her baby smile, innocent eyes and baby giggles.

“My daughter will have the best education in the world”, she said it aloud. But Gaurav (her husband) would always want her to be a MBBS-MD doctor. 

 She smiled at her imagination going so far, while caressing her huge belly. She’ll have my eyes, pure black with long curly eye lashes. And there would be the perfect shape of nose just like her father’s. She’ll have long thick black hair flowing down her shoulders and a flawless fair complexion. Wow, she is going to grow up so beautiful!

Shipra was surprised to see such a sudden transformation in Gaurav. Theirs was a love cum arranged marriage. They liked each other since childhood but their parents had decided them for each other. They were perfectly made for each other. After two years of lovely marriage, she knew him to be a serious, no nonsense types. He was usually busy with work, and she had to be really stubborn to have some parties and fun in life. But the day he heard the news of becoming a father, he became an absolutely crazy school boy. He would come home laden with toys, dolls, balloons etc. He would dance with her for no reason at all. Though she was advised not to eat outside food, he would still take her out for some healthy snacks.

Shipra was deep in her thoughts when the doorbell rang. Gaurav was back again. He made all the dinner and fed her with his own hands. She loved him even more but in a different way now, she looked upon him as her child’s father – a responsible man, not just a husband.

She was lying on her bed, sleep was far from her. It was 2:30 am. He was fast asleep tired after day’s hectic schedule. She was feeling really anxious but didn’t want to disturb or worry him.

She closed her eyes thinking that it was the last minute anxiety and probably there was nothing to worry about. And in some time she was in darkness, sleeping peacefully. Suddenly she saw something far away, something bad and filthy. She couldn’t understand but could only see something that made her even more anxious. And then she got aware of all the blood around her. She walked forward only to find dead bodies on the way, brutally murdered corpses.

Her heart beat rose and she was scared to death. Her body was shaking from head to toe, sweating profusely. She heard some noises and turned to see a set of people running towards her with all kind of weapons and their clothes smothered in blood. She ran for her life and entered a very dark room at the corner of the street. There she saw a hazy figure of a child. The child moved forward and she saw those pure black eyes with curly lashes, perfect cut of the nose, long black hair and the flawless skin. Those innocent black eyes looked miserably into her’s as if looking for an answer.

Her lips muttered – “Mamma, is this the kind of world you want me to come into? I wanted to be an actress but this is where I have landed where people won’t even let me live”.

Before Shipra could say anything at all, she felt severe pain in her stomach and she found herself lying on the bed, next to Gaurav.

She cried and her husband panicked her to the hospital. She was screaming and shouting while people around her were preparing for her delivery. She saw Gaurav, his anxious eyes but still felt relieved. He was holding her hand, comforting her, asking her to relax. In a couple of more hours in the delivery room, she felt a deadly pain and then everything went blank.

After some time, which seem to her like a few hours, she opened her eyes and felt something missing. She got curious, anxious and very restless, and then somebody placed a beautiful infant in her lap. She was speechless and dumb-struck. She felt somebody’s caring hand on her shoulder. When she looked up, he had tears in his eyes. He sat beside her, congratulating her and for the first time in her life, she felt complete.

__END__

