Family Story with Moral – 20 year’s of life-changing struggle

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is real life story of my father and grandmother of their 20 years of life-changing struggle.

My father’s name is ‘Nandkumar Mahadeo shinde’. I’m his elder son talking ‘Yash Nandkumar shinde’. I have younger brother ‘deep shinde’and mom ‘joshna shinde’.we are 4 member’s in family. We I mean whole family live in ‘chiplun’. I’m 17 and studying Automobile engineering Diploma 2nd year in ‘panvel’.

I’m home for my Christmas holidays. My brother is in 9th Std and mom is teacher. My dad is engineer. He works in MSCB in Alore.1hour distance from chiplun. He completes his all work on time without delay. One of his bad habits is that he never cares of himself, only us. He gives us everything we want sometimes even when not necessary.

He says to mom “I want to give everything that I didn’t get in childhood”.

He is punctual and man of word. His routine is very tight and fixed. He sleeps early wake up at 4.00am gets ready goes to bus stand and catch bus to Alore he reaches office till 6.00am. One shift is of 7 hours, after work he catches bus come to home till 3.00 pm. He is never tired. After coming home he does lunch, sleep a while wakes up till 4.30pm as it is the time of deep coming from school he makes tea, severs him food. Mom comes home till 7.00pm and cooks food .

Daily evening he goes to market brings vegetables, snacks, fruits, etc also pays bills and all without delay. We all have dinner till 9.00pm .Sometimes there are also double shifts like he goes 5.00am and comes home 10.00pm.Sometimes if there is emergency he has to work for days without sleep. He don’t have holiday on Sunday. He is best in his work. Many a times office workers call him to ask about work and he instructs them. He never depends on anyone. He is serious about studies, he always gives us tips about studies . He never beats us. He scolds us whenever we are wrong he keeps us on right track. I respect him a lot because of what he has been through and what he have achieved and is today. His childhood was not normal like us of fun and enjoyment. It was full of problems, struggle and hard work.

He belonged to a poor family. Grandpa was in Army and grandma was housewife. There were 8 members in family grandpa, grandma and 5 sons. Dad was born on 3rd July 1964. In small village ‘margathamane’ village with beautiful rivers, nature even today. Dad was eldest among all 4 brothers (Sanju uncle, uday uncle, sandesh uncle, mangesh uncle).That time they had no TV, mobiles, fan, fridge, also water supply. They used to bring water from wells, they used to bath in rivers, they used to play cricket, roam in jungles, climb trees and break fruits, etc.

All of them were cared by grandma. Grandpa used to come home 1month in whole year. Dad was intelligent but was not focused on studies. He used to run from school and go to play. He was naughty. Grandma used to scold dad a lot also punish but he never used to listen. Even though he used to not study he used to score more than all brothers. He never concentrated on scoring. Dad was favorite Son of grandpa. Whenever Grandpa used to come Grandma used to complaint about dad but Grandpa never scold Dad. He used to say dad “U will study a lot and become an engineer”.

All was going fine BUT a great bad thing happened that change their life. When dad was in 5th std 1975 it was evening time Grandma, dad and all brothers were gone to market and Grandpa was home for holidays there were kerosene cans in house grandpa while lighting lantern it by mistake fell down, cans bust out and whole house got on fire and Grandpa couldn’t survive . When Grandma, dad and all came back from market there was only ashes left all gone. All of them were shocked they lost everything House, money, everything all destroyed. Dad being in 5th and uncles even small this shock was unthinkable. No one was ready for this. Dad was eldest man in family now.

All had given up. He made himself brave, he knew nothing will happen if all lost hope. Dad broke his piggy bank which had 150 rs in it total,  he took that money went to Grandma who was crying he took her hand and kept that money on her hand. 150 rs given by dad to her was like a ‘hand of support from god telling her that now she had to be brave face it and take care of 6 sons’. She became brave by seeing her sons cleaned up the tears. At the time of Grandpa’s funeral. Dad decided that they will now study hard and complete Grandpa’s dream of Dad becoming engineer. They knew that Study is the only way that can change their life.

‘In cities everyone is busy in their personal life. No one has time for others but in villages it’s different. In villages everyone is like a family. Life is like riding bicycle to keep your Balance you must keep moving. It was the first time such accident took place whole village got the news of fire and Grandpa’s death everyone was shocked. Grandma, dad and 4 sons were homeless that time village helped them people collected money for house and built a small mud house within 3days. Grandma, dad and 4sons moved in that small mud house. They used the burned utensils. Some people gave food grains which were kept on paper as there was nothing for storage. Money was the most important thing for living now. Grandma started selling Fishes day and night for money. Grandma was helped by her sons including dad they used to take fishes and go home to home for money. All supporting each other, working together were somehow able to make their living.

Dad changed dad was no more that naughty boy, he got serious. He took the responsibility of changing their family’s poor condition. He got focused on studies. Dad used to sleep before everyone and when all used to be asleep he used to wake up early and study. He used to now go first to the school attend all lectures and too with full concentration all classmates and teachers where surprised. Dad along with helping Grandma selling fish used to study hard.

After every exam dad used to run home and first check the answers if they are right or wrong and mark his mistakes. He used to always study without wasting time. Even though studying so hard he used to come 2nd in class. He used to cry seeing himself 2nd. First used to be sarpanch’s son that was expectable because he doesn’t have to work and study he was rich. But dad never gave up.

4 yrs passed away in same way and Dad was in 10th. Dads goal was straight get 1st rank in school and get admission in engineering. Dad even after coming 2nd all this years he never lost Hope. Dad started studying harder with all his capacity. Dad pushed his limit working, studying which caused fever. Dad fell sick at the time of Board. ‘It is said that when life test you it test hard’.

Dad was not going to give up after all that had happened he gave his board exam with all his capacity. Finally the time of board result came. As always everyone in village was expecting the sarpanch’s son to come first. But everyone was shocked as the sarpanch’s son name was in 2nd place and 1st was ‘Nandkumar mahadeo shinde’ Dad. 2 sirs from the school went to house to give this good news. Dad was resting and Grandma was cooking, sir told Grandma and Dad the good news. Finally dad got the fruit of hard work. Sir told Grandma Dad is intelligent put him to engineering, also it was Grandpa’s dream Grandma said yes.

Dad got admission in Ratnagiri government polytechnic. For fee of college and hostel Grandma sold her gold jewelry and paid the fee. Dad went hostel to live with luggage containing clothes, ladoos made by Grandma, a family photo and few money. Hostel had 3 floors each floor 10 rooms. Dad room was 206. One room had 3 beds, 3 desk, 3 cupboards, and 3 students. Raj and Sumeet were dad’s room partners. Sumeet was of middle class family and Raj was rich, he had came to college by giving donation and had no interest in studying he was been forced by dad.

In college 20% students were came by giving donation “today more than 50% students come by giving donation and such students never do good in college”. ‘We think college is for enjoyment but it’s the time we need to get focused on studies and career’. College started college used to be from morning 10.00am to evening 4.30pm daily .Saturday and Sunday holiday. Dad never wasted his time he used to utilize all his time to study. Dad didn’t get into bad habits and company. Dad knew their condition and value of study for them.

Every night before sleep dad used to see the family photo which used to give him energy and used to remind him about his family sacrifices, condition, and dream. Dad used to sleep only 6hours and study. In holidays dad used to go home their also he used to work and study unlike me only resting and enjoying in holidays. 3yrs passed away finally dad gave final exam of 3rd year diploma in 1983 and got first class. Grandpa’s dream was completed.

Dad gave their application and interview in Alore and he got job in first attempt. Dad used to travel from Margathamane to Alore which is 3 hours travelling time with bus. Finally money was no more problem because engineer salary is good. Now as money was not a problem condition got improved better and eventually everyone finished study and got Jobs. After a year dad got married and afterwards every uncle got married and all well settled. “Now you all know why dad says ‘I want to give everything that I didn’t get in childhood’. Dad is my superhero according to me anyone can be a superhero with supernatural power but dad with nothing only hard work changed their future”.

Till 1995 the small mud house was broken and a big bungalow was constructed with water supply and all facilities. No more problems all well settled. The main thing was nobody lose their hope and gave up. All worked hard and achieved happiness. It’s a great journey from nothing to everything. The struggle, hard work are the purpose of this success. Unfortunately today Grandma is not alive she passed away on 12 Nov 2011. The big bungalow is named ‘mahakalpa’ which is combined name of Grandpa’s ‘Mahadeo’ and Grandma’s ‘Kalpana’.

‘Humans die but memories live forever’.

 ￼

__END__

Writer-YASH N SHINdE. ￼

