Love Short Story – Wingless

Photo credit: 

 from 

Iced tea always reminded me of my mother and her kind brown eyes.

Ma was always a loving creature; she’d often say what the world lacked these days was Love. She always looked through faults and see something ideal in every person.

When my father left us for another woman, we, Blessy and I, cried for dad and we stopped playing and smiling. Ma sat us down one rainy day with iced tea and said,

“Honey, let us be happy; your father isn’t our happiness. Happiness lies deep down in the heart and make sure no person, not even yourself, steal it away from you.”

I remembered nodding my head with a smile.

There were many sad occurrences in our life; but my Ma never broke-down. She was the strongest woman I had ever seen and she always had a positive things to say.

When she died one rainy day, iced tea near her bed rest, I was broken, but then I had remembered her advice and smiled through tears.

Apart from many advices and good words from my Ma, I always remembered one particular story. She used to tell the same story every day, when I was young.

It started like this:

(She’d smile at that fondly; I loved them). 

It was an unoriginal story created by my mom; but I loved it for the way it gave me hope at night, when I was depressed and down. It was like my medicine, my boost tonic for surviving the next day.

 

 

She’d then kissed my forehead and whisper: ‘You’re my happiness too.’ And as if nothing had transpired between us, would revert back to the story.

 

 

Mom would stop at that and look into my brown eyes intently; saying words in silence. I’d hear every word clearly and would shut my eyes in defeat.

 

Here my mom would stop and look at me again, smiling cheekily. I’d smile back and say “it is cliché.”

“The story is not finished, yet, Victoria, so stop assuming.” She’d grin and roll her eyes.

“And they lived happily ever after. Mom, that’s how every fairytale ends.” I would giggle and pull my blanket up to my head, whispering good night.

“Yes, and no matter what your physical traits are, you are worth more than everyone combined with wings, if you have heart as big as Bliss. Hey, that’s the moral of the story, young miss.” Mom would chide with a smile and kiss me, before she leave.

Those were pleasant memories; memories that would put smile in my face, no matter what. My day-dream was interrupted, when Adam shoved my shoulder lightly and whispered,

“Hey go on, day-dreamer. They’re announcing you as the best employer of the year.” I smiled so big, put my iced –tea down on the table, got up, walked proudly to the stage and got my award.

“To my mom.” That’s all I said when they asked me to talk and I got down.

The night was bright with street lights, and stars shimmering above when I stepped out; the loud rush of vehicles disrupted the quiet surrounding. I stepped out and walked towards my car, hugging myself against the chilly wind, when my sister Blessy waved me from the other side of the road, in front of a café.

It all happened in a rush; cars buzzed past me; my leg got stuck in the garbage bag on the side and I slowly fell forward; the time slowed down as cars screeched to a halt, honking loudly. It was chaotic.

I could see my whole life flashing in front of my eyes. Yup, the cliché in every story; but true.

Mom holding my hand as she told the story; dad leaving us without even a good-bye; Blessy hugging me whenever she talked about relationship problems; Adam laughing at my silly jokes and kissing me fondly; and finally I closed my eyes shut in defeat.

Three day later, I was back in my room. Sitting at the window pane, reading a novel. I smiled at the cliché ending and closed the book shut.

We’re all hypocrites; we usually bragged that we hated clichés and wanted reality in the story. But, sometimes, all we wanted for ourselves was that cliché ending; no matter how many breaks we had faced, we’d still wait for the right moment, for our happily ever after.

The day was clear and the sun was bright in the sky; the birds were singing melodiously-well, I wished it was. But really, the sky was almost close to dark, and the sun was nowhere to be seen. The wind was playing havoc with the garbage on the pavement, and I saw him, standing in front of my home.

There was a guitar in his hand, and he was smiling at me, through the window. I smiled back, thinking to myself, 

His beautiful eyes reached mine as he played the strings, effortlessly like a trained artist. I was awestruck; I knew he could play, but he never let me hear and now I couldn’t close my mouth, even if I wanted to.

 

‘They said you and I are not meant to be,

But I’ll do anything I need to do,

Be anything I have to be,

Just to have ‘you’ in my life.

.

Baby… I want you in my life,

In every moment,

So, will you be?

Oh, will you be with me?’

He finished the song and closed his eyes, waiting for me to respond. All I gave was a very big grin- I know it was big, well, because my lips were hurting and when he saw me, he gave an equally big grin; he looked creepy, and I knew I did too, but I didn’t care.

Adam and I, we go way back.

We were friends first and then lovers and he was the only one who loved me, irrespective of everything. He loved me for who I am, not who he wanted me to be.

I would have ran all the way to the front yard and hugged him tight and said yes; but, then I looked at my left leg that was free of its metal counterpart, with a small sigh.

I, according to human law, was physically disabled; wingless like Bliss; so, instead of running all the way, I waited for him to come in, looking at the metal leg that was broken during the accident, waiting forlornly to get repaired.

When he came inside, nervously biting his fingers, I grasped him by his hands and said the yes with a fierce kiss.

I too had a fairytale, with my own prince, and one day I would tell my children my story:

‘Once upon a time, there lives a leg-less girl…’ and would finish it, ‘they lived happily.’

Well, ‘ever-after’ was so unoriginal, if you caught my drift.

__END__

