Family Story – DISCONTENT

Photo credit: 

 from 

Millie is a young girl in a small hamlet near Plymouth. She is happy. She likes the village life. She is happy seeing the rich nature and rich beauties hidden in the nature. Her friends are mostly playing with her with great happiness, as all are around 6 to 8 years age group. Only Millie is an exception. She is a grownup girl of sixteen.

She has completed her school education in the village. She has no hope for higher education as her family cannot afford that much money. Her father is farmer. What he earns is just enough for the family to live happily. They do not worry for either good dress or good living. They know how to live happily with what they have.

Days will not be alike. As seasons change, so the changes in life also occur for some people. It so happened. Millie’s father John Wick purchased a lottery ticket when he went to the nearby city Plymouth for selling the crop of his farm.

One day, a gentle man in costly suit came to that village and met John wick. He said that the lottery ticket he purchased from them won 50 million dollars. John wick could not believe this and as the gentle took John Wick with him to city, got all the formalities and a account in the name of John Wick is opened in the city and the huge money of 50 million dollars is deposited in John Wick’s account, John was almost like a great man not only in Plymouth, but also in the city of Plymouth.

Millie is now in a big city with her family and all the latest facilities and luxuries are in her access. Her life is changes. Her life style is changed.

Money made the life of John Wick more expectant of more rich and famous in the city. He is busy investing in high risk factor businesses and earning as the luck is with him always. His time is spent with big shots of the city and he knew that no one should be believed plainly. His craze for earning more is getting increased and there is no satisfaction at what he is getting.

Millie is married with a multimillionaire William Blake. His life is very simple and he never cares for money or businesses he has. He is a poet, writer and a good painter. He loves to be always in the places where he can see the rich nature. He liked Millie because she is from a village and she will be his best life partner as she loves the village life.

“Millie, get ready. We are going to Lacock for sight-seeing.” Blake said.

“The Scenes of Lacock are often seen in films.” Millie said.

“I know. Some of the scenes of the Harry Potter movies were filmed here. It is in the rural county of Wiltshire. Bowden Hill is a small village 1 mile to the east of Lacock, and there is a hamlet of Notton in the same distance to the northwest.” Blake said.

“Why don’t you find some other place of interest, like any big city with a lot of entertainment?” Millie said with a lot of disinterest.

“Millie, don’t you like to see the rich nature of villages?” Blake’s voice is with extreme wonder.

“No. I am a girl from a village and all my childhood is spent in the village. What is there to see in villages, dear? Just plan a place of big city for our tour.” Millie said what she wants to say.

William Blake is upset. He knew first time that he selected a girl of different interest with his blind belief that a village girl likes the villages. This feeling is growing in him as discontent.

William went to Lacock as a single visitor. He liked the place. He rented a small house. He is staying there and writing his novels. He is busy painting the nature he sees around.

Millie is not happy at Blake’s interests. She went to Blake’s place two-three times and asked him to come back to Plymouth. But Blake said he will come, only when he likes to come back. He asked her to look after the businesses.

William Blake’s mother Mary is old and she is looking after the businesses. She also tried her best to see that Blake is back to city and look after the businesses. But Blake has no interest in that type of living.

Blake’s discontent has become extreme and the result was Millie is getting away from him. She is spending most of her tome with her family only.

Millie’s father john Wick is unhappy at his earning getting down. He has invested all his money in a Liner ship operating between UK and NY. This Liner is drowned in the ocean with the severe violently rotating effect of tornado and it made John Wick completely broken. He has many debts to clear and he is unable to do so. He is left as just discontent.

This discontent made him to commit suicide. Millie and her mother are help losing everything. They came back to the village where Millie has a little property. Millie’s discontent grew as she came back to village.

One day Millie found a news item in the papers that her father’s debts are cleared by William Blake. This news made her more uncomfortable. Blake so good, but she was away from him for no reason. He has no greed for money. It is why he has cleared all the debts of Millie’s father.

One day William Blake’s mother Mary cam to Millie’s house in the village. Millie’s mother is sobbing. Her sobs made Marry silent for a while and consoled her. Millie’s mother has no discontent. She is unhappy for losing her husband, just by running after money madly.

Mary saw Millie who bent down on her knees before her. Tears are washing her cheeks.

“Millie, we are all sorry for what has happened. Nothing goes well as we think. What goes with is what we have to love.” Mary said with a philosophy.

“Yes mother, I could not understand that money should not be a force to move us, we have to use money as a need for our simple life. I was happy when I spent my childhood in the village. I was not happy when my father earned millions. So I knew what gives happiness in real.”

“Yes Millie. You are right.” Mary said.

Millie looked blank. She is now a simple girl. Mary smiled.

“Blake sent me to bring you back, Millie” She said.

Millie hugged her with lot of tears. Her discontent is not for losing money, it is for losing good relations with her family.

“We get things like this in life. Blake loves you for you are a sweet girl from a village. Why you are spoiling your sweet married life. Don’t be crazy after money. You are not born in money. It came in between and it is gone. Come back.”

“Mother, how I can say him that I could not understand him properly.”

“Don’t worry for that. Understanding is not for few days, It is for your entire life. It will keep you walk with your husband pleasantly.”

As Mary said this, William Blake came inside the house.

“What mom says is right. I will stay for few months here in your village and paint some memories.” Blake said.

 “It is my pleasure. If we stay here for years also I have no discontent.” Millie said.

“You are greedy Millie. Let us see how we can be happy here and how far.” Blake said.

_END_

