Happy!  Yes I was very happy that day! Yes, that day! When I got a call that I have to act in one of the famous director’s movie. I remember what a day it was. party! Party! and Party!Whole day, whole night!!! Happy, Yes my ma was when I informed her.

Then all of a sudden I got a news that I got rejected due to my chubby cheeks. I could have reduced them but there was no sign of appointing back. That day was a beginning of something bad…very bad.. I started taking drugs and got addicted to it. No one knew about it. I started arriving late at home. A day my mother asked What happened son! You are acting differently. Is everything alright?  I ,I, what I answered… Ah! nothing! I remember.My mother was concerned for me, she wanted to talk to me but I like a no concern fellow slammed doors on her.

Days went by, my mother kept me asking and I like a dumb fellow thought she wants to intrude into my privacy. Like each day, I was slamming the door, that suddenly I felt extreme pain on my left chest area and before I could handle I fainted n fell down. When I woke up, I found myself in the hospital hearing the doctor saying the situation is very critical and they are trying their best to do. My mother was told that heart was difficult to find and they needed to replace my heart asap. Then I was given anesthesia and when I woke up I found all my family members with half-happy and half-sad faces.

“Those expression would be regarding my health”, I thought! “The heart operation was successful and now you could meet the patient”, The doctor said.

Everyone came one by one but mother… where is she?… maybe doing the formalities. I met all the family members and they took me back home. After sometime I inquired about Ma … where is she.. but no on replied all were like stones. I thought, maybe she went for work. Days passed by, my resistance burst out, I straightaway went to the office where she worked and inquired about her. The watchman told that she donated her heart for a needy but didn’t know to whom. And then I realized the needy was no one else except me.

Eyes filled with tears, I ran to home, searched for the sticky note which ma used to write when she used to go to a trip. I found a note there, the message shook me… it was….

And I filled with tears realized the importance of mother that earlier I knew but never took it seriously. I saw mom’s old pics with glorious face.That day I saw mom’s beauty that day… She looked damn beautiful and alluring

…………..and she left

–END–

