Short Story Mother’s Love – Weeping Girl and a Sparkling Entrepreneur 

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I was sitting in the corner of the room, weeping weeping without any gap. My head was filled with the thoughts like anger , frustration sometimes wanted to die and totally afraid of seeing my mom. Yes, in those days I was totally afraid and angry, whenever I see her. But no one can hate or be afraid of, on seeing her on the first time. To me my mom is the most and ever beautiful lady in the world. Even in those days thought I was afraid and angry with her.

I would like to look like her and always felt happy when people say I look beautiful and I look like my mom. She was a school dropout and so her education qualification is ninth standard. I don’t know those days that, this is the reason for all the sufferings , that I had when I was small to say my age is may be 7 or 8. Being an Tamil girl and brought up in an traditional set up under my mom’s strict control I will never speak even a word when see beat me.

Yes her beating time is 5 to 8 in the evening and then once again morning 6 to 7 before school. other than that she is a very very sweat mom she give me whatever I want, it may be food, dress, toys but most of the time I will not ask anything because of I will get afraid even if she looks at me, and everything will be her chose. And I was totally a calm, quiet and good behaving girl. So the reason I got beating is only for my studies, yes my mom’s wish is that I should be the outstanding student in school but till 10th standard I will not get even pass mark in all subjects. So till 6th standard I was totally under my mom’s control but no use then she left accepting her failure. When I was in fifth standard, even today I well afraid thinking those days, I started to react for her action, to escape from her beating I started to hide my mark sheet. But her total life ambition was that mark sheet so she directly went to school to ask about my mark sheet, then I was counseled by school staff and all. Those are the days when I fell like dying but I do not have that courage to even say that word ‘suicide’.

The school was all so tough for my skill level and my dad changed my school in sixth then slowly I started to learn how to study? When I was in my ninth standard I got 80 mark in my tamil paper which was my first mark above 60. Then in higher secondary class I started getting above 70 in all my subjects. For this one main reason is my father who suggested me to take commerce as my major.

Basically my father is a businessman and I like to be like him in character, so it clicked for me I did my B.com and passed with proficiency and then did my MBA and my college calls me as guest lecturer sometimes and I am a trader and investment consultant for my father now.

My mom achieved her life ambition!!!!

__END__

