Letter from Mother – To my girl

Photo credit: 

 from 

To my girl,

It’s beautiful to see how you admire the works of Ghalib when a few years back you couldn’t even tie your shoe laces.

It’s been 18 years with you and it has been the most valuable time of my life. I remember how I pushed you to go to drawing school when everytime you pretended to fall asleep. I smiled everytime you did that but acted to be furious when you tried to take a peek at the other side of the bed. I used to call your nani and tell her how precious you are.

 At 10, I remember how puberty was annoying you. If it had been a person, I swear I would have reminded her whose daughter you were. It wrecked me how you were shivering hard when periods had hit you. It scared me a little when I realized that you were on the path of a woman physiologically.

At 13, I remember when you started to like your male friend. I keep forgetting his name, did it start with G?

 Are you smiling? I know you are. I knew it all along. I knew when he proposed you and how you kept blushing when you were watching love songs from romantic Bollywood movies. I saw how you smiled. You really did like him, didn’t you?

At 15, I remember when you first broke up. How you suddenly walked off the tv room and closed yourself inside the bedroom. I could hear you weeping. I really wanted to talk to you but then I was scared about you being more secretive. You couldn’t smile for a month, I saw how you ate chole bhature, with a straight face.

 I couldn’t stop my tears in the kitchen, when you father asked, I told him that I was missing your brother.

At 18, I remember when you said that you wanted to live away from home, how you fought everytime to let you go to a hostel and every night I asked myself about the things I couldn’t give you. But now I understand that you needed exposure, friends and an independent life.

 I saw the sparkle in your eyes when you told me about the aunty nearby, how she came out of her car with full of confidence and a sense of Independence.

 I remember all your discussions over the girls who gave up their lives getting married and how silly you thought they were. Those days I understood that you were meant to be strong and courageous woman. It was beautiful to see your outspoken quality.

And now, I see how far you are and I’m happy because everything is happening for good and God is with us.

 You must know, that we believe in you and love you with all our hearts.

And that is how it’s beautiful to see how you admire the works of Ghalib when a few years back you couldn’t even tie your shoe laces.

Happy birthday, beta.

Your mumma.

–END–

