Family Short Story – Maa and Pa

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Dad, I won the painting competition and I’m getting a chance represent my college in the international painting competition”, she said with a bright smile

 He didn’t look up. Didn’t say anything. He was engrossed in the work.

 “Dad”, she screamed tearing bubbling up in her eyes

 “What do you want now?”, he asked

 Her smile turned into a frown. She stood there frozen.

 “Emily, if you don’t have anything to say. You can just get out of my office right now. I don’t have time for your nonsense”, he snapped

 She turned and left. Tears came flowing down her cheeks.

 “Why can’t I make my dad proud.. Why!?!”, she screamed hitting her hand on the near by wall.

Why am I not able to make him smile, why am I not able to make him happy. She knew only one person could make her happy, her mom.

“Hey mommy”, she said, “I had an amazing day today. I got selected for the international painting tournament. I found a job and an apartment. I got the best grades.” She said wiping off the tears from her face.

“I wish you could come back and hug me tight, Mom. I just miss you a lot.” She said lying down on her mom’s grave.

“I know you are listening to me. I know you are always there for me and with me. It’s hard for you I know. But mom I’m doing great. I’ll make sure I make you proud one day. I miss you maa and I love you loads” she said standing up and straitening her dress and wiping her tears.

She walked a few steps and turned back,”I’ll cyu tomorrow, Mommy”, she said and walked out of the cemetery :)

From heaven an angel came down but soon after she was called up again leaving a broken girl alone down on earth, who craved for her mothers love and father’s care. Who seemed not to care for her. Her mother and father did but as the angel (her mom) was called up, her father lost it. He became distant.

Sometimes all a girl needs is her Dad, a girl always wants her Dad to be for her first bicycle ride, her first fall, her first day of high school, her first crush, her first boyfriend, her first break up and just be there for her. But not every girl gets a chance to live all those moments.

So just smile and let your parents know you love them.

–END–

