Story of Social Issue – “Please Save Me From My Wife”

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Oh My God! She caught me, how will I rescue myself? She won’t leave me now, please save me from my wife”

(To comprehend the whole scenario, let you know, what happened earlier )

“Maa!, Now get used to live without your son, Bhaiya will forget us after his marriage”

Hearing these words of Roma,Naval affectionately scolds her and says-

“Why will I change, my darling sister!, I am not like you. After your marriage this is for the first time we are meeting in these four years, and this also because today is my wedding, otherwise you won’t have come here as you don’t love us and you only like to live with your husband, am I right Maa?”

Maa smiles and says-

“ok!ok! Enough, let’s move on, we are getting late for the wedding venue, Papa with Barat waiting outside, Naval wear your Sehra, Roma go and call all ladies”

Barat reach wedding venue at Banquet Hall, where bride’s family welcomes them. Whole function, completed very nicely. With the blessings of all, the newly wedded couple, Naval and Sneha(bride),welcomes their new life after marriage.

Married life of newly wedded couple, Naval and Sneha, was full of charm and glory. Sneha loves and respect every member of her in-laws. Naval’s father was an heart patient, Sneha was careful about it, when to give him medicine? what food he must be given? All possible care. She even impressed her mother-in law with her positive behavior and did all household works and never allowed her mother in law to do anything. She was very much careful of every members, likes and dislikes. Its due to her request, Roma decided to stay there for some time. Naval was also very impressed with her attitude. Before going to bed, Sneha everyday used to touch both her in- laws parents feet. And what else, a family needs from their Bahu.She gained all love and affection from everyone.

One Sunday evening, all were sitting in veranda having tea,Roma says-

“Bhaiya!, very bad, its almost one month of your marriage, yet haven’t gone for honeymoon . Bhabhi says nothing, that doesn’t mean you take advantage of her calm behavior, how come she has so much patience, I would have not tolerated it at all. Bhabhi, change your serene nature, otherwise like all men, you will find a big transformation in bhaiya’s, so start dominating him from now ,ok. Maa, they should go na?”

Maa- “Yes Naval, Roma is right, you should definitely go for a trip, my Bahu will also get some rest, she is so innocent that never express her exhaustion but as a women I know how much she might be getting tired”

Sneha very politely- “No Maaji! It’s wastage of money, I am happy over here, and won’t go without you all”

Naval smiles and says- “Don’t worry my dear, I won’t let you bore, and for honeymoon only newly wedded couples go, not the whole family, so go and do your packing, we are leaving for Nainital tomorrow morning”

They went for their honeymoon.

After one week of stay in Nainital, couple returns back.

But, now there is a drastic negative change in Naval. Earlier he was very talkative, now he talks very less. He was soft spoken, now he used to shout and argue on any small issues.

Due to his rude behavior, sometimes he even embarrassed Maa, Papa and her lovable sister, Roma. His aggression hurts their sentiment-

“Maa, why every time Sneha does all households, she is today’s educated women, not your maid, either you do it or keep home maid. And Roma, when are you going back? Ask your husband to come and take you, till then take all care of Papa and help your Bhabhi in her work”

Family was in state of shock with his rudeness.

Maa asks Sneha about this- “Why Naval is so tensed, Is everything ok with you all, I haven’t seen his this behavior earlier”

Sneha- “Yes Maaji, don’t worry, actually he is stressed due to some work pressure in office, otherwise everything fine”

Time went on but then also there is no change in Naval, now this matter became very serious , Maa can’t see her son in this condition, so, one day reached Naval’s office to find out the problem. Rohit, one of Naval’s colleague and a very close friend, told there is no issue in office, but then also why from few days Naval can’t concentrate in his work, he not even talks with anyone and have his lunch alone.

Maa and Roma don’t understand what to do to make Naval behave normally.

After having dinner, one day Maa heard something strange that she hasn’t expected, while crossing her son’s room.

She stands beside window and hears Sneha screaming on Naval-

“don’t you dare try to tell your family about me otherwise I will call police and complain that you and your family harassed me for not bringing big amount of dowry from my parents, police will arrest you all, without committing any crime , as you know in these type of violence, people trust women not men, as majority is same. Think what will happen to your family’s self-respect? Now it’s on you to decide my Darling Hubby! Whether you want your family go to jail, or let them live their life safe and secure……..”, she laughs like a cruel bitch.

Naval in grief bent down, folding his hand requests Sneha- “I beg you, please don’t harm my family, they are very innocent. I will do whatever you say, I won’t tell anyone about the incidence of Nainital, please forgive me and my family. You said to ask my Maa and Roma to do all work and talk with them rudely; I did it na……. Till date I am doing what you said, later also do the same, and take all blames on me”

Cunningly, Sneha says- “Yeh! That’s like a good husband, now go and sleep, tomorrow you have to call your sweet sister’s husband to take his duffer wife as early as possible from here, I don’t want to see her, anymore……..got it!”

Rooms light switched off.

Maa falls down in a state of shock; her ears can’t believe what she heard- “Is it really my daughter-in-law, Sneha? What I heard, is it true or just my intuition? I can’t believe it, Oh God! What have I done? I spoiled my poor innocent son’s life by forcing him to marry. My God! Now what will I do, how I will save him from this demon?”

Maa tells everything to her daughter, Roma, who is quite surprised, calms her down , and asks her not to worry, very soon some solution will come out, for the time being, let it be as it is.

On call of Naval, today Roma’s husband come and take her back. Unfortunately, Naval can’t express his feelings of sorrow for his sister.

Maa, couldn’t stop herself. One day Naval was coming out of office, suddenly Maa reach there, tells everything she heard outside his room. Naval burst into tears and emotionally hugs her and says-

“Oh Maa! What wrong have I done, that God punished me like this………….you know what happened in Nainital? Before marriage, Sneha had affair with one guy and he was present their in Nainital, not only that, I feel shame to say you, she slept with that guy, and I caught them red hand. From then, she threatened me not to discuss that with you all; otherwise she will spoil our life. Sometimes I thought to kill myself, but can’t……….. After me what will happen to my parents? If that bitch harms you and Papa, who will save? I don’t know Maa, what to do……..am very scared of her, please save me Maa…………”

Maa console Naval, and says everything will be fine; she will definitely protect him from her.

Next day, when Naval went office, Maa calls Sneha in her room, tells she knows everything and plead her to divorce and liberate his son’s life. Sneha first can’t believe that Naval said everything to his mother, with aggression she suddenly started throwing things inside room here and there, and warns Maa-

“Eh Budhiya! Beware of me; if you want freedom, then first give me fifty percent share of your property ,so that I can spend rest of my life happily with my boyfriend,Anuj. Or else, you, your ailing Buddha and your idiot son be my servant, and do what I say…….choice is yours”

Maa cries in grief and says- “Please I beg you, leave us, we divided our property into two parts, among Naval and Roma, now I don’t have anything”

Sneha- “I don’t care, ask your son to get his sister’s signature in property papers which I already prepared in my name”

Naval, standing outside, hears their talk, comes in and says- “I request you, to take my whole property, but please don’t ask for Roma’s”

Sneha- “Oho!……Bhaiya is ready to sacrifice for his sister, but sorry Husband Dear, I am not interested in your portion, as you are under my control, I want that moron Roma’s part, got it……..so no more argument, take these property documents and get it signed as soon as possible, and for time being your darling Maa and Papa will stay here safely, until you return back”

Sneha left no options for them, they were helpless. Naval went to meet Roma, left behind his parents in insecure hands of Sneha.

When Roma saw her Bhaiya, she gets very excited, poor Naval hugs her, says sorry for his rude behavior, but don’t have guts to ask her, sign those papers. Every day he tries to say, but can’t speak out with shame. One day, after Roma’s husband went office, they were having breakfast, doorbell rang-

“Oh My God!, she caught me, that I am here? How will I rescue myself? She won’t leave me now? Please save me from my wife”

Roma is surprised but understands everything, she consoles him and opens door-

“Bhaiya relax, maid has come”

She takes him in another room and asks, is everything all right at home? First he didn’t say anything, as Roma enforce him, he said all that happened.

Roma says graciously- “Just this much! Where I have to sign Bhaiya? For me, my family and their happiness is more important than anything else. Let’s go and free our parents from that bitch”

Naval and Roma reach home, where she asked Sneha to sign on divorce paper first, then only she will give her property papers.

Sneha had no option; she sign on divorce paper, and goes away to never return back in their life.

As it’s said, 

Naval and his family now breathes fresh air of freedom, and live in the world of ecstasy for rest of their life. Naval decides not to marry again and his family also never forced him to do so.

__END__

