Short Story Romantic – My Fictitious Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

While sitting on the bed on my first night and waiting for my husband to enter the room, I was remembering my boyfriend and my four years of love. I love him a lot and he loves me even more than that.

My memories took me 4 years back when we became friends. We were working in the same office. He is a very fun-loving guy and he used to make all of us smile. I loved this thing about him and soon we became very good friends.

One day, he was really upset due to some tension in between him and his team lead. He was totally quiet for the whole day. I felt bad about him and tried my best to make him smile and share his sadness. At the end of the day, he asked me whether he can drop me home. I knew that he wanted to share his feelings and that’s why I agreed. On the way to my home, we discussed his problem first and then he asked me whether I am engaged or not. This created a little suspicion in my mind.

The next day, everyone from our team left the office early. Both of us were alone in the team; we had a little pending work to do. We had a lot of chit-chat and he gave me a little hint that he wanted me to be his partner but I ignored his hint. At the end of the day, he again asked me whether he can drop me home. I don’t know why, I agreed. On our way when we were crossing a river bridge, he proposed me (on the old Bajaj Scooter ;-)). The way and location of this proposal was weird; it seemed like he would push me into the river, if I deny. I did not reply him; actually I didn’t know what to say, I knew that my parents won’t allow me for anything like this and they are strictly against love marriages. He tried to convince me and said he’ll wait for my reply.

I kept thinking of him and his proposal. I knew that he is a very nice, kind and helpful person, but what about my parents. I made up my mind that I’ll deny his proposal but my heart – my heart kept me forcing to accept his proposal and give him a chance. At last, my heart defeated my mind. On the next day (Sunday), I called him and after a little chit-chat, gave him my affirmative answer. He was very happy; I heard that in his voice. We had a long conversation on the phone in the night after everyone falls asleep.

On the next day in the office, we hugged each other for the first time. We decided to keep our relation hidden from everyone in the office. So, we had to find time and place to meet each other properly. Somehow, we managed to hug each other every day.

One day, I was alone in the room and working on my system. He entered the room to keep his belongings into his desk. I was totally merged in my work when he bent towards me and kissed me on my cheek. He left the room immediately leaving me astonished. I was really shocked by his behavior but it felt so good and soft.

We used to behave like colleagues in front of everyone. One day after lunch we met near the corridor where we hugged each other. And for the very first time he kissed me on my lips. It was just a kiss, not a smooch. I was shaken by that soft touch. That feel was awesome; I can still feel it.

Just in few days, we came so close to each other. I forgot about everything – what I remember was only him. He was exactly the way I wanted. He had all the traits – naughty, fun-loving, soft-hearted, helpful and generous. He seems to be like a man of my dreams.

After few months, we switched our jobs. I moved to Chandigarh and he was there only. Now our relation became a long distance relation, which is really hard to maintain. We had few fights but we managed to overcome all the evils. We put our best to our relationship. In spite of the fact that we were far from each other, we still managed to be close to each other.

The days passed by in no time and my parents started to worry about my marriage. After gathering a lot of courage, I told them about my relationship with him. And as I expected they denied. The reason was – my parents wanted someone well established as my groom. However, he was still struggling with his career. He had a job but that was not up to my parents’ expectations. I tried a lot to convince them, I cried and cried and cried. But no one was there to listen to me. I wanted them to understand that I cannot afford to lose him; he is everything for me. I was crying in front of them but they didn’t cared. I knew that I cannot leave my parents, but at the same time I cannot even lose him.

Suddenly the sound of the door brought me back to the present and I found tears rolling out of my eyes. I turned towards the door, someone has entered the room. I raised my head to see his face. He is my husband; he came towards me. As soon as he sat on the bed, I hugged him tight and said ‘I love you’. He felt the soberness in my voice and asked me about it. I hugged him even more tightly and replied that I was remembering our 4 years of love and our struggle. Yes, he is my boy-friend who has turned into my husband now. Yes I had succeeded to explain my love to my parents. Yes, my parents have finally agreed to our relation. Yes, my marriage is Love-cum-Arranged. Yes, all of my sorrows have ended now. Yes, I have started my new phase of life with my love.

Today, we are a happily married couple. :)

 __END__

