THE CYCLE OF LIFE – Short Story with Moral Lesson

Photo credit: 

 from 

Life has its own laws. It is said that,

, now it depends upon you,  if you give love you would get love, if hatred you would get back the same.

This story is of a man Hasan who belonged to a poor family. Due to financial problems he could not complete his education. He struggled & worked hard since his childhood. Like every ordinary man he aspired to be rich & well settled. 

Hasan got married to a beautiful, simple woman named Jasmine. The coupled lived happily & adjusted with all the financial situations. Jasmine was a woman who was always satisfied with whatever her husband earned. Few years later Jasmine gave birth to a baby girl & the couple named her Roshni. Slowly the financial conditions changed to better.

Hasan was never satisfied with what he had. He had the thirst for fame. To be a successful man he took a shortcut of life which drastically changed the life of Jasmine & Roshni. On the 16

 wedding anniversary Hasan gave a gift to his wife which no wife could even think of in her wildest dream. He got married to a lady named Rani who was smart, bold, educated & a successful businesswoman. The entire love of Hasan for his family was over. He did not even care for Roshni who was just 13years old.

House of love turned to house of quarrels. Hasan did not even give a thought that how would this affect a 13year old kid. How she would have felt when the father whom she loved the most don’t want her & don’t care for her. She lost the most loving relation of her life. Hasan & Jasmine got separated, between fame & truth Roshni had the choice of one. That night a brain of a 13 year old kid grew into a matured one when she choose truth & decided to stay with her mother.

Jasmine was not educated she had to face a lot of problems for the upbringing of Roshni. Hasan never looked after Roshni neither in terms of love nor financially. Roshni always admired her mother for the way she struggled for her & she never expressed her desires for anything like toys or other expenses. Like every child even she had lots of demands but those demands remained hidden in her heart. Hasan got what he wanted fame; he became a successful businessman in few years. How can a father be so hard hearted? Every child needs a family in celebrations, in good & bad times as a support.  A child feels protected thinking that my parents are with me their love is with me & what about Roshni she just had her mother as her family. Even she longed for a family. She longed for the love of her father.

It is said that 

Time passed by Roshni grew up now she was 23 years old. Life is a cycle the first part of cycle was over now it was time for the other part of cycle. It was time for life to give back Hasan what he gave to life. It is a fact of life that at old age everyone needs time & love from their family. Hasan although was married to Rani but he never got love & respect from his wife, he neither had any children from her. He felt that loneliness in his life, he realized his mistake. He longed for Roshni to spend time with him now. He apologized Roshni for everything, but can one apology change everything? This apology could get him the love of a child but what about family? Jasmine?  What about the loss which Jasmine faced?

Roshni did not do what her father did to her. She knew her duties & responsibilities so she decided to give equal time & love to both her parents. Every girl is not Roshni; every child’s psychological thinking is different. It’s not necessary every Hasan would get back Roshni. One should know their priorities. Yes money is important but not more than family. There are no shortcuts to success.

Life moves on… But memories remain… It is said that 

__END__

