Short Story Husband-Wife – UNDECIDED CRIME

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Speculating, while looking outside through window and holding a mug of coffee, his hands are trembling and his heart is sinking in ups and downs with every thought, in the same way as a ship is tiding far away with waves of the ocean, clearly visible through the window.

In the meanwhile, some water droplets fell in the coffee mug. It was not clear whether those drops were rain drops or his tears, which he tried well to hide on the pretend of rain, by bringing his face slightly outside from the open window.

He was good through all those days. He did not even think twice before leaving her alone. He even felt shame to claim any relation with her. He did not bother for her. He did not think about her.

But, suddenly today, why is he feeling a kind of pain in his heart? Why is he feeling a kind of grief for all that he did some years back? Why is he so despondent? He did take all the decisions himself only. He did all the contemplation himself only.

He could not complete the statement. He knew he is just trying to console himself. He knew he is just trying to get rid of this guilt. He knew because he always did this in past also. He knew he is just trying one another time to free himself from the sin that he did. Yes, it was a sin, a vengeful act. He just tried one more time to make his conscience realize that he is not the culprit, so that he may sleep peacefully during nights, so that he may one day rest his soul in peace.

“Don’t you need me anymore? Please, never come in front of me again. I fear I will again fall in love with you. Haha…..”

His coffee has cooled down and his eyes are still watering, still unclear whether it is because of rain drops or because of tears. But, the reddishness in his eyes is now hard to hide.

This time, the tears are rolling over his cheeks and they are real. They are the signs of his love for her, his care for her and the insidious pain, hidden inside his heart for almost three years, when he left her all alone in a different world.

He comes out of his cozy home and starts to move in rain and thunderstorms, still unaware of circumstances, still directionless, but with the hope that he will meet her, that he will see her after 30 months and with a shine of love in his sparkling eyes. This time, tears falling from painful eyes are out of happiness, out of amusement that he will see her again.

“I want to meet Mrs. Pia Mehta.”

“That Schizophrenic patient?”

“Yah.”

“Who is she to you?”

“She is my life. Please let me meet her.”

He prayed at the reception in such a haste way, which showed his eagerness, his true love, which re – aroused and re – awaked after so many seconds, so many minutes, so many days and so many months.

“Sorry sir. You are late. She died yesterday.”

Tears start drowning him in the ocean of misery, extreme sorrow and girth of contempt. Contempt on himself, contempt on his love, contempt on his decisions, and contempt on this whole world, which led him to let her suffer alone. He sits there, just in front of the reception, yearning and craving to die at that moment only. But, he cannot die. She does not allow him to do so. All that he can hear was the sound of her last laugh and he is left with tears and tears only!

__END__

