Short Story of Mother Love – A New Dawn 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Her eyes?!

It’s raining.

The teardrops?!

They are washing her face.

Her heart?!

She is screaming it out.

“I think you should stop drinking now” she said while in bed with him.

“And I think you should just stop talking now!” he grunted and drank the whole glass in one gulp.

And the sounds of her screech and the bang of the utensils awakened the neighbors.

After surviving a dreadful accident and losing my beloved. My walls of emotions had begun to wear thin or I had learnt to excel in hiding it. I don’t know. But one person in front of whom I couldn’t help but take my mask off was my daughter, Amanda.

She was the happiest person I’d ever known. Even after David’s death, she had learnt that life was too short to think about things which were gone. It was too short to mourn about people who left.

But unfortunately fate had failed to guide her. As time passed she fell in love with a man, apt to be called a stone hearted animal. She went into the snake pit called “Marriage” along with the cold blooded soul whom she proudly called her husband.

Since then I’ve been using only “was” and “had” to describe her. She succeeds to be none.

None of what she had been before. None of what she did before with her smile. With her eyes. With her short but strong string of words.

 

I had seen her eyes when she said that she loved him. I had felt the heaviness in her heart when she was expecting “No” for an answer. I had never seen her eyes so welled up. I couldn’t deny her anything after what she had been to me after David. I owed her. More than a lot.

 

It was six months and seven days to her marriage and to the day when David had left us.

 I stepped on the doorsteps of the house where I had lost Amanda.

Someone opened the door, her maid probably and guided me to Amanda’s room. She was surrounded with lots of bandages, bottles of uncountable tablets and bruises of every shade in her body. Her room smelled like the ones in the hospitals. She turned around to see me. At first sight, her eyes welled up; puffed up like the day she decided to destroy her life. She had a treacherous look which I could never forget. A look that could kill. Not out of pity but out of death.

How was I standing? Believe me, I am still asking that question to myself.

She wanted to hug me tight, cry the lungs out, place her head on my chest but her colourful wounds wouldn’t let her.

“Amanda!” I whispered.

If the one who nursed me all along was in such an obnoxious state, I am her mom, my heart was burnt.

“Mom?!”

She wiped her eyes and cleaned her room to get me some space to sit. I was watching her all through. She had never failed to the jewel of my eyes.

“Amanda, are you happy?”

I didn’t ask her whether she was alright. She was clearly not.

“Yes, very. Why are you asking?”

She asked like I didn’t notice anything.

C’mon! Who did she think I was?!

“All these wounds, burning skin. He did this to you, didn’t he?” My voice, intense.

“Mom I love him. He would never do something like that!” she lied.

She lied about her bruises. She made the most ridiculous excuses for each one. She had forgotten that I was her mom. She kept on lying about how good his knight was. How he cared about each and every piece of her happiness and she spoke all sorts of lies that anyone could believe but me. I knew the reason of her every breath but not why she lied. She did what most women did with their lives: endure. I acted all the while like I believed her .

“ Sometimes your knight in the shining Armour acts like a retard in a tin foil !”

I mocked and laughed . Fake but at least she did .

I had my supper with her after a long time which felt like forever ago . I left and did what every mother did after leaving . Sobbing . Till my heart felt lighter .

On my way , I met with the man who killed my daughter . My undesired , undeserving son-in-law .

” Good to see you , mom” he exclaimed.

” You too ” I passed a quick smile .

“How is Amanda?” I continued .

” Oh! She is more than happy . She is with me after all”

” On the contrary!” I thought .

” Glad to know that”

It took a bit long to reach home . Almost end of the twilight . I had some things to be done .

It was dawn when my phone rang in its most pathetic tunes .

” Mom ! He is not home yet and I am scared” she was panting .

” Calm down, love. Wait till the morning . It’ll be alright”

I calmed her down which took me about 1800 seconds .

 A man who assaults her wife in the most brutal ways and his wife still stays awake just to see her man reach home safely . Irony has a huge room on this world .

 

 

And this is where everything ended .

I just loved my daughter too much .

 

