Short Story of Brother’s Love – Heart Beat

Photo credit: 

 from 

Some may argue that the value of a healthy body can’t be better realized by anyone except doctors. Faced everyday with challenges both known and unknown, it is the doctors who while fighting malignant demons come across the realization that our body is at the same time, both astonishingly robust and terrifyingly fragile.

***

I have a four year old brother who has Venticular Septal Defect – a defect in the ventricular septum, the wall dividing the left and right ventricles of the heart. It leads to the development of a hole in the heart.

VSD is the most common congenital cardiac anomaly and most cases do not need treatment, healing at the first years of life. Treatment is either conservative or surgical. Smaller congenital VSDs often close on their own, as the heart grows, and in such cases may be treated conservatively. Some cases may necessitate surgical intervention, for eg., if the patient doesn’t respond to medications.

When the doctors detected a “heart murmur” during the general check-up of my brother upon birth, they confirmed the presence of VSD but told us that they believed that his case would prove to be one of the majority of cases – harmless and self-correcting. I have watched that precious, little thing be subjected to various medications over time. But, the hole hasn’t filled up. In fact, on account of him growing up, the hole is actually larger now.

When he was younger, it didn’t seem that he was suffering from a heart condition. He was as energetic and as lively as any other kid his age. We did notice that he couldn’t really gain a lot of weight in spite of the most nutritious diet but he was agreeably tall for his age. He was sturdy and full of vigor and loved to play. No lethargy, he was a very active baby.

Until a year ago.

Last year, he started school and the fact that he has a heart condition has never been more evident. The added strain on his body shows clearly. He tires away easily and doesn’t seem to have much energy. The latest visit to the doctor revealed a growth in the size of the hole. He is considering surgery and has told us to visit in a month. He insists there’s nothing to worry about, reassuring us that surgery in these cases is easy and complication-free.

Sometimes, when my little brother is sleeping, I place my hand gingerly on his small chest and feel it rise and fall, with the efforts of his breathing. I imagine the amount of work that his body might put into an action that comes so easily to others.I love watching cartoons with him – it is bliss to feel his small, warm body lie down next to mine and to have his head against my arm, to see the absorbed look on his face, to have him tell me he is hungry and then to watch him eat his food with his little arms.

I love my brother so much it scares me half to death. I cherish every moment we spend together and pray for him to be healthy and happy always. I may not be a doctor but I bet I understand the value of a healthy, precious body just as much, if not more.

__END__

 

