Short Story – Rest In Peace-Angel

Photo credit: 

 from 

Like any other morning I woke up with the ray of sun falling on my eyes…Mother usually do this…she has  her own way to wake me up, she would first try to spread her fingers on my forehead and whisper softly, “wake up my princess, its too late…”

And then a little annoyed me would turn to other side and clinch the blanket in my fingers…”ummm…mom 2 minutes more..Please…”

Then she would turn up opening the curtain of window so that sun ray would fall on my face…

“Good and sunny morning princess…now get up fast and get ready for college…!”

And then I would get up lazily, open my eyes and seeing mother’s face would always spread a smile on my face.

But today is something different…very different…actually scary…I opened my eyes but mother is no where…

Ohh I can feel  the air is so misty and cold today…the sunlight which woke me up,has disappeared… I can feel the earth shaking beneath my feet… What is going on…I am not able to figure it out…

???

!!

I’m not lying on my bed..Because it is hard..too hard… ‘

t’ yes’

I am trying to clinch it…but there is nothing over me…NOTHING!!! 

 Are they scattered? i don’t know  where am I..It seems to be some mysterious place,I’ve never been here… I’m seeing the darkness deep hollow around me,there is no ray of light…my heart is sinking…I am losing my breath… !!!

I can feel bruises-scars on my body…What had happened to me???Millions of thoughts are running in my mind…I squeezed my eyes to figure out things…

 

I am surrounded by the lights. Lights those were shining brightly. I can see my bright future with him.He has proposed me, the moment for which I have waited for so long.I am so happy that if I would have wings, I would fly in the sky.

’ I told him and he insisted to be with me till I reach home safely. I agreed.

We are walking..walking on a long empty road…there are clouds all over the sky..it is getting darker and darker…I am scared…I looked at my left..he is no where..I am alone..all alone!!!

I blinked my eyes and now I am lying somewhere.How did this happen to me???

Ohh..I want to get up…I want to go from here…’

Mom will be worried.

‘

???

I can not get up and not able to move my body.

I’ve taken a long breath to give oxygen to my lungs…but it seems like nothing is going inside me…I tried to touch things around me…but they all are so abstract I can’t even touch them…

Tears escaped from my eyes  as I closed my eyes trying to gather my bruised-body.I felt my hand isn’t working.I can feel the blood is oozing from my head.’They’ve hit me hard, very hard.The pain is unbearable.

They have molested me,raped me.They have given me lots of bruises and scars ,They’ve destroyed me completely and then threw my body in this jungle…and now I am here,helpless.I am not able to breath…my mouth is dry…I am not able to open my eyes..

 

I can hear bits and pieces of their conversation.They are saying that police has arrested the demons and they are waiting for me to wake up.From past 4 days,they are waiting for me get up. I can hear my mother’s cry,my father’s screams on doctors and I can hear my brother trying to calm down them.

I want to shriek …I want to scream…I want to live.I want to see mother’s face..I want to smile…I want my mother to call me Princess…I want my brother to tease me and snatch my chocolate…I want my father to be proud of me because I am fulfilling his dream to be a doctor…I want to get marry like any other girl…I want to be a mother of a beautiful daughter and call her princess.

 

With all my strength I  opened my eyes. Finally I’ve seen the light coming from the sky.Suddenly I heard a soft and calm voice,

and suddenly all my  pain vanished and I slightly closed my eyes.My lips slightly curved into a smile in submission.I felt peace in my heart I know they will get punished.God is with me.

I again fluttered and closed my eyes and Smiled,

__END__

