Short Story with Moral Lesson – The Day He Changed Forever

The Day He Changed Forever – Short Story with Moral Lesson

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was applause all around me in the biggest hall of the city as I walked to the podium to receive my most prestigious award “The Philanthropist of the Year”.

Anyone dreams of this award, but for me it was not a dream come true. I have never worked for this award but actually worked for the biggest mistake I ever did in my life. The award has been the result of the biggest mistake that changed me forever and ever.

The anchor called out to me,”Mr. Pramod Singh, please share some of your greatness with the audience”.

There was pin drop silence among the audience, eagerly waiting in anticipation to hear me. I woke up with great hesitation to speak, but what do I tell them? Should I praise myself for this award or curse myself for the deeds I did in my life? I did not know. Then I decided it’s high time I spoke the truth. I am not worth these awards and appreciation.

I spoke up “Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before, sorrier, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.” – These were the famous quotes of Charles Dickens in one of his novels the Great expectation. You all must be wondering why I was speaking such words when I was supposed to be congratulating myself and my family for supporting me and making me stand here today. But no I wouldn’t be doing that because that would be the greatest injustice to me. Today if my parents were here they would really be proud of me if or if not I had done the injustice to them.

Tears rolled down, I could not speak any further. My voice was choked with emotions.It was not that I did not know what to speak, but it was because my guilt had covered me so much, that I was unable to control my emotions any further. My wife who understood my pain walked up to the podium and consoled me. I said I had to tell the world how cruel I was and only then I would forgive myself.

Maria understanding my situation picked the mike to speak on behalf of me.

She spoke “I stand here on behalf of my husband as a proud wife of this great man, today he stands here in front of so many people to receive this award fully covered with guilt and emotions of his past doings, which was never revealed and always remained a dark secret of his life. Today it is his wish that all the people here know his secret.”

He was part of a small village in a far away village of Punjab. He was brought up in a very simple family with only his Father and Mother to love him. His father was a farmer and his mother was a home maker. He grew up to be the apple of the eye of his parents.

As every farmer their only means of livelihood was farming. And whatever income they got was enough for them to feed the family once, but Pramod was never allowed to sleep empty stomach. He was never aware of the troubles of the family. His father wanted to give him the best education. Pramod stayed in a hostel and would come home only for vacations. And that was celebration time at home. After vacation his father would go all the way with him to drop him back in school and would return with tears, waving a sad goodbye to his son. He only wanted his son to be educated and become a big man one day.

One day it was time for him to go back to his school. He called his mom and said “You know I am going back to school today, and I don’t want dad to come with me. I don’t want my friends to see him.”

His mom with a heavy heart said “Don’t worry dear; you will not have to feel embarrassed about him coming with you. All we need is to see you happy; I will talk to dad about it”.

Dad came in and said “I am not keeping well so I don’t think I will be able to accompany you.My blessings are always with you”.

Pramod left and his dad and mom waved out to him with a heavy heart and tears covering the eyes which blocked their view of their son.

Years passed on like this and Pramod’s visit to the village and his contact with his parents reduced. His parents sat there in expectation of meeting him someday. They would send loads of gifts for their son through anyone who went out of the village to the city, but didn’t receive any reply for receiving them. Days passed on, but Pramod never came to meet them.

There was celebration in the neighbourhood, Pramod’s father enquired what it was and got to know that their neighbour’s son had graduated from the same college as their son and also got to know through them, that their son had graduated with very high marks and was going to receive a gold medal from the Chief Minister of the state.

His father’s joy knew no bounds, he danced around, sang loudly and even whistled. He ran home as fast as his aged legs could carry him. He stopped by every passerby and told them proudly that their son had graduated and was going to receive an award from the chief minister.

The villagers pitied him and asked “Your son has not even informed you about it, then why are you so happy for him?”

He said “So what if my son has not informed me, after all he is my son and I live only to fulfil his dreams and today he has become successful and my happiness lies in his success “.

Even while heavily breathing he told his wife about their son’s victory. Both danced with joy and sang as loud as their throats could allow them. They made preparations to meet their son on this wonderful occasion. They took along with them all the foods that he loved and spend all that they had with them, to make a trip to Delhi to see their son after many years.

They stood by the gate in awe looking at the big college their son had got educated. After all they only had sent him money whenever he had wanted and never knew where his son was educating. This day was a dream come true for them. They hugged each other and shared the most wonderful moment of life. Their son will now take care of them and be with them. It would be the best gift in their life.

As they entered the big auditorium with full of people dressed as lavishly as possible, all the eyes were set on them. All watched them as if some dirty dog had entered a palace. They felt very small among all of them but still were proud that their son had achieved that no one else could. They saw their son seated in the front row making fun with his friends. His eyes spotted them in the crowd and were shocked to see them . He quickly started walking towards them.

His Father said “Just see how handsome our son looks, he would be really happy to see us here and would hug us out of happiness and the surprise we have given him”.

Pramod came closer and pulled both of them aside and asked “Why did both of you come here now? I didn’t invite you all because I know you people can never fit into this circle. Just look at how people are looking at you. I feel so embarrassed” .

His father was shattered. There was a huge lump in his throat and he could not speak. His mother said,

“Pramod, we thought you would be happy to see us here, after all we have put in all our savings to come here just to see you, and how can you speak like this? “

Pramod said “Stop making this drama here in front of my friends, I have told them that my parents are in America and cannot come down here as they are busy with their job. So you better leave before my friends come”.

His friends walked up and called Pramod and on spotting his parents enquire about them. He stood there in complete silence for about 5 seconds and before he could speak, his father said

“We have been sent by his parents to give him these gifts on this great day as they could not come here.”

Pramod was shocked by his father’s reply, but didn’t say anything against them and walked away with his friends. His shattered parents stood there with tears and left all the gifts they had brought for him and returned back home with shattered dreams and happiness.

Their routine life started once again with as usual awaiting Pramod’s arrival. And one day as the sun was setting behind the hills and the birds had already gone to their nests after their tiresome day. Someone was banging the door hard at the peak of midnight. His father opened the door and to his surprise saw his son. He was on cloud nine. He hugged his son and invited him inside. His mom was very happy to see her son back. She hugged him and cried out loudly and also kissed him profusely. Whatever may happen a mom’s love is undefined. Even if the child hates his mother, the mother can only love her child. That’s the greatest thing about god’s creation.

“There you go…let it all slide out. Unhappiness can’t stick in a person’s soul when it’s slick with tears.” As said by Shannon Hale.

Pramod pushed his mom aside and said,” I want to go to America. I have come here to get some money. I have already arranged some and need just some more. If you can, please help me or else I would arrange it by other means.”

His parents were shattered again. They really thought their son had come to meet them but again they were disappointed. His parents always lived for his happiness, so they borrowed money from the villagers and Pramod happily left for America leaving behind his poor and sad parents. They sat there yearning everyday to have a glimpse of their son but it never happened.

After 10 Years-

All the villagers watched with awe, someone had just come to the village in the most expensive car. He was a smart handsome guy in his thirties. Some old people of the village had recognised him. Pramod had grown up to a handsome man now. He walked towards his house and saw that nothing much has changed in that house, except that it had taken a deserted look as if no one was residing in it for many years. He opened the door, expecting to see his aged parents inside. But he could not find anyone there.

He walked past the house. He was now working for a big construction company and they wanted to start a branch in India and were on the lookout for a place to start their project. It was then, that Pramod suggested that he could give his land for the purpose, his father owned the land and he would be ready to give it to him. Since he could not find anyone at home, he enquired in his neighbourhood about his Parents.

The neighbour got annoyed and said “You have come back? Your father died the next year after you left them and went and your mother could not endure the loss of her husband and son that she fell ill and was bedridden for many months. Finally she too passed away a year after your father and they always wished you would come to them during their last days, but they died without their wishes being fulfilled”.

First time Pramod felt something sticking to his throat, it had hurt him, and he did not know that his parents have passed away. The cruellest thing a son could do to his parents. He walked slowly into his house, looked around and could feel the presence of his parents. He missed his parents. He remembered how his mother would sit on the doorstep to welcome him, when he came back from school for his vacations, the kisses his dad used to give him when he waved bye to him.

He searched all over the house, if he could find any photo of his parents. He found an old trunk box on the loft. He opened it and saw that it contained only 4 neatly folded shirts and 2 dhotis along with 3 of his mother’s saris. Till that day, he never knew that this was all his parents had as they never let him know anything. He was always given the best of everything they had even if meant they had to go empty stomach for days.

There was an old book in the trunk. He knew his dad would write down the incidents of the days when he was extremely happy or sad. He opened it and saw his photo as a kid on the first page. He started reading the book:-

December 12 1985:

 The most wonderful day of my life. The day I married Gayathri and we were overjoyed and the whole village was in celebration. After the ceremonies we walked together past our village and dawn had already set in. The guests tired from the festivities were planning to retire for the day and the area was engulfed in silence, except for the roar of the river nearby.

We walked past the huge banyan tree in the middle of the village and we heard the cries of a newborn baby. My wife looked around and did not find anyone. Then we walked around the tree again and found a newborn baby boy crying feebly, probably due to hunger or cold. He was just 2 to 3 days old. We looked around to see if anyone was there who could own the child but then no one was there and it was getting darker. We could not leave the baby alone. A wonderful wedding gift. We took the baby home.

Nobody came in search of him. We moved to a different village to escape the eyes of our village people. My wife told me later that we would not have any other kids of our own. We will give him as much love as possible and will grow him up as our son. I accepted and we named him Pramod.”

Pramod could not read further, he was dumbstruck. A lump stopped in his throat. He remembered the day when he had told his mom that he cannot introduce his father to his friends and how his father had made an excuse of not keeping well. It was then that he understood that his father was standing right beside the door when he said this to his mom. His father loved him so much that he could do anything for his son.

Pramod knelt on the floor covering his face and wept out loud. No one could hear him and no one to console him. He wept as loud as possible lying on the floor of his house. He always felt embarrassed to introduce his parents to anyone around as he felt they were not upto his status. But now he realised how wrong he was and everything was over. Nothing could be done.

He wept and wept till his heart could tear open. He wanted to set right his deeds. That day he changed forever. He felt a strange enlightenment. He got up and called his boss and said that he was not willing to sell his land for all the fortunes of the world, but instead build a home for the aged.

“Are you mad? You are missing out on a prestigious project. Once this project takes off, you will be a millionaire”.

Pramod said “I don’t care, Sir. I never realised my parents love, atleast let me take forgiveness for my deeds by loving other parents whose kids have done the same mistake”.

Today Pramod stands as son for thousands of parents who were abandoned by their children, but nothing can make him come out of the guilt about what he did for his parents.

Everyone in the crowd was shocked. None had expected such a story behind Pramod.

Now, I woke up to continue from the spot, which Maria had left.

“We never know to whom we are born, we can never decide who are parents are, but whatever happens in this world the only soul that cries for you when you are hurt is your parents, never hurt them. If you cannot take care of them then no one can ever. Just think of all the love they give you until you’re grown up. They feed you even when they stay hungry, that‘s their love. Always think what would have happened to you, if your parents would have thought you as a burden and abandoned you just like my real parents. I don’t know what I would have been today if they had not adopted me. Always love your parents and god will love you. I am sure my parents would be watching me now, they love me so much that they would have forgiven me. But I can never forgive myself. Even today this book of my father is my most prized possession.”

And he holds out the book from his coat pocket and lends a kiss on them.

__END__

