Dr. Sunil Tripathi, Gold medalist, Harward Universtity, Boston and her beautiful colleague Dr. Sushma Tripathi was the second topper in Cardiac Surgery.

Dr. Sunil, is basically, a right brain, fun loving guy, who works on the philosophy of balance in life.  Not to hurt anyone, take care of other’s sentiments to the maximum extent possible. He does anything to balance the situation, sometimes right and sometimes wrong.

Dr. Shushma straight forward, religious, symbol of truth and honesty and a very logical lady.  She firmly believes that truth never changes and it should be told and perceived in its absolute form.

 

***

It was 4 June 2000, cloudy sunday. Both were having PHD degrees in their hand, were busy in warm discussions on new advancements in surgery and in medical sciences, sitting on the grass of Harvard university campus. All of a sudden, Sunil started staring at her long open hair and suddenly changed the topic, Sushma, shall we go out to moon light restaurant tonight for a candle dinner.

Candle dinner! What happened to you Sunil, all of a sudden, but certainly not a bad idea!

Let’s meet at 9 pm.  At 8:30 pm, Sunil with red roses, waiting anxiously outside the restaurant.  He already booked the corner table.

Shushma, reached at 9:10 pm, in blue jeans and silky top.  With the very minimal make up, she was looking gorgeous, she used light pink lip-stick, diamond-hangings in her ear.

Red roses for you- Sunil replied.

Hey, Sunil! Sorry yaar, got stuck in traffic. Sorry to make you wait.  So, what is the agenda?

Shusma no more medical sciences talk please :).  You are looking gorgeous.  Ya- Ya .. looks like you haven’t got anyone for leg – pulling since morning.

Let’s  get inside- Sunil Said, having arms around her waist.

What would you like to have? He pushed the menu card towards Shushma.

I would like to have something light.. umm.. may be sweet corn soup and a plate of Paneer tikka as starter.

Yup that’s fine with me too. May be we will order main course later.  First time, with no pressure, they started looking in each other eyes.  First time, their pupils were dilated with the smile.

Getting closer Sunil said – Shushma, we spend almost, 8 years by now. Now we understand each other quite well. You had helped me more than a friend and I feel it’s time to take decision for the life.

What!.. Tell straight.. I am not a poet..

I mean to say, I want to be with you. I like you and can we be together for always.

You like me, but not love me. right?. Shushma replied.

I love you!

I already knew that. She replied.

We cannot even live without talking to each other even for few hours.

I already, showed your photo to my parents and they are happy to find you as their “Bahu”.

Which photo you showed?

That, in which you performed singing, annual day.

Opps! That was not the good one..

Anyway, its all set and done – Sunil tried to closed the conversation.

Hmm… I didn’t told you one thing Sunil. My mom asked me that if I love anyone, they would like to meet him.

And what you told.

I said no one. And they started looking for bridegroom for me.

They have found a guy, who is doing research at Cambridge.  This time when I ll be in India,  the guys along with his parents would like meet with me to finalize this alliance.

Sunil.. your soup is getting cold. Sushma  said.

It’s O.K. Shushma. You didn’t told anything about us.

We were close friends, and also knew that you love me, you will keep me happy.. but was expecting you to propose me :(

Shushma ! can’t live without you.

Hmm lets see..what happens.

Sunil, lets order main course. Its almost 10:30pm by now.

Yup.. will have some tandoori, mushroom fry.

And ice-cream for me.

Its almost 11:00pm..Shushma said

Yeah I ll drop you to your hostel.

 

***

1 Aug 2000, Tuesday.  Sushma was text messaging to Sunil from Delhi.

Hi Sunil, how is the weather in Pune? – Shushma

Its rainy and there –  Sunil

Its rainy here too – Shushma

Can you come online now? On gtalk?- Shushma

10 min pls.- Sunil

I told my parents about you. They want to meet you.

Wow.. great.. love u.. Shushi…

 

***

17 Aug 2000, Thursday, Sunil went to her house to meet her parents.  Finally, marriage date was decided.  They decided to live in India and work in AIMS as senior consultant.

One fine morning, Shushma gave news to Sunil, that a new member is going to add in the family.  Sunil, lost in the dreams.

Her name would be Katyayini.  Katyayini .. old fashion name isn’t it. Anyway, people will call her Katty.. in case she is a daughter.

No Katty patty.. Katyayini is final..

If son, the name would be of my choice.

I can bet you Shushma, daughter is coming..

Hmm.. lets see..

We need to fix OT timings.. especially you.  Please do not attend late night surgeries. You need rest.

Not now.. may be after first trimester. I ll start taking precaution.

 

***

After 8 month, she told – Sunil, I got to meet Dr. Radhika, she told, anytime  delivery can take place.  Anyway, date is nearing..

Just after her delivery,  Sunil was so much excited to have Katyayini in the arms, wrapped in towel. Sunil’s mother and father was busy in finding common face features of Sunil and Shushma in baby.

Sunil was thinking.. such a small, nose, mouth how my parents could able to relate common feature? May be having memories how I look when I was born.

Katayani, has brought bundles of smile and happiness in their home.  Sunil’s old parents are busy in taking care and playing with Katty. Finally, Katyayini has become lovely Katty and Sunil also started accepting her name.

 

***

Yesterday, was her 5 th Birthday. While playing outside with her friends, she fainted and had vomiting, some traces of blood.

Neighbors brought her to home. They rushed to emergency. Sunil and Shushma came to know that its not normal case. Something serious.

She become normal in few hours.  Heart beaking moments for Sunil and Shusma when Katty  has been diagnosed with lung Cancer.

Shushma and Sunil have broken inside. They knew it’s not curable. Medicines can only give some time. Shushma and Sunil started praying that may be some miracles take place. Some new medicine should come by then.

They both started spending more and more quality time with Katy.  Both busy in completing every wish of Katty. Katty had just one complaint from both of them that they don’t scold her whatever she does.

At every birthday they cry and pray, they don’t know that weather they would able celebrate her next birthday or not.

Angel, was a girl, of Katty’s age.  She was Shushma’s pateint. Shushma started seeing Katty in Angel. Angel heart was damaged. Shushma introduced Angel to Sunil.  Sunil and Shushma together wanted to save Katty and Angel.

They gave up their sleep in reading research papers, contacting top universities and understand advancements in medical sciences.

Katty could able to manage 3 years with medicine.  Now she cannt able to play. Her bed is her world.

Angel condition was also similar, as her heart was growing bigger, she started having complication.

 

***

2 month, before 8

 birthday of Katty, she was admitted in ICU.  Shushma and Sunil have lost the hope.  Shushma broke up cant able to hold her tears. She told Sunil, I hate this profession.. I hate myself. I cant save Katty.. See the data of patients monitoring system.. her pulse, her heart rhythm.. all out of control.

Sunil hugged her .. Shushma.. I thought something don’t know how to tell you. You also know that Katty have few days now.  Can we make an experiment? Angel cardiac condition is very bad, she needs heart transplant. You understand what I am saying..

Sunil.. my baby’s heart.. she cried loud.

Shushma,.. we cant save Katty.. within 3 hours of her last moment if can transplant her heart to Angel.  Our daughter’s heart will still be beating.

Oh God!.. why all these days in our destiny to see..?

Shushma.. went out .. Sunil I need to be alone for some time please..

She went to her cabin.. Semi- conscious.. just few hours more..

She called Angels parents.  Hello! Dr. Shushma here. Angel need to undergo a surgery now.  Please bring her for operation. Her heart need to be transplanted.

Angels parents reached in couples of hours. They told Dr. Shushma, we have enquired this take 2 lacs.. we don’t have fees..Dr..

Dr. my Angel will be alright after that? Whose heart will you transplant?  You are God Dr.

Hmm.. Don’t worry.. just pray to God.. don’t worry for money..

It will not cost you anything.. it’s a risky surgery.. please pray to God.

Angel was made ready for operation. Katty was taking deep breathing. Long exhalation than inhalation.   Katty was in Shushma laps and Sunil hands was on her head..

Both staring at pateint’s monitoring system.. the response was dying.. last moment…

Katty took one long and last breath.

Shushma and Sunil.. started the parallel operation of Katty and Angel. After 18 hours of surgery.. Katty’s heart was beating in Angels body..

This is first time surgery done in India of its kind. During the interview they said “ We just want to say that out daughter’s heart is still beating”.

Shushma and Sunil felt the same rhythm the same heart beat, whenever they meet Angel.

__ __

 

