Short Love Story – Decision (Part-1)

Photo credit: 

 from 

That night Pranay couldn’t sleep. His mind was running in two opposite direction. He was angry, irritated, sad and lonely. The big question was how to tell Tanu all the things. He reached in the past.

Before two years, when he  first time met Tanu. It was one of the best days of his life. He was freshly passed CA. He decided to give lecture at CPE. He was very excited . He had prepared well in advance for the lecture. Finally at 4 o clocks, he started CPE lecture. The topic was service tax on immovable property. As he had deep interest in service tax, he had chosen that topic.  He had been starting to explain all the provisions. He got the questions from the audience and he almost solved all the queries except one or two.

Sudden one slim and beautiful girl opened the door of conference room.  Pranay stopped for a while between his lecture and his eyes stopped on that beautiful face. He continued the lecture than. The girl sited on first row. She listened to the lecture with interest and noted some points in her blue colored diary. Lecture was over and all the audience was impressed with Pranay . he was fresher and he gave the lecture very confidentially. The next lecture was CA Anuj who was best friend of Pranay. Anuj was also fresher as CA.

There was tea break in two lectures. Pranay and anuj were busy in arranging the projector. Sudden Pranay heard the beautiful voice,

“Excuse me sir. I want material for the lecture.” The same beautiful girl told Pranay.

“you can collect it from Miss disha. “ Pranay Replied.

“I asked her but she is telling that she has not extra material with her. “ The girl told.

“No problem. I will mail you the material. Please give me your email id” Pranay replied.

The girl gave pranay email id and joined her friends in tea. But  Pranay felt strange feeling for that girl.  As he was senior, he had controlled his emotions and joined Anuj for projector arrangement. Anuj also gave impressive lecture and the day was over.

Next day, before leaving for office, Pranay checked the mobile and his eyes came across the note he had saved for the email address of that girl.

“sh*t !! I forget to mail. “ he said.

He left for the office and first thing he had done was mail to that unknown girl. Actually her name might be Tanu as per her email address.

“Thank you,sir”  Pranay got the instant reply. This was the starting of the story of Tanu and Pranay.

Pranay came to know from office colleagues that girl was also CA and working under senior chartered Accountant of the city. He felt strange how he could not see that girl before in spite of residing in same city and very near area.  Pranay stopped thinking and started his work.

Days passed and one day Pranay’s boss  sent him to  the office of the CA where Tanu worked.  Actually Pranay had started some contact with Tanu by g-talk. Tanu was glad that Pranay was coming to office. Pranay met the CA and completed the work. Now Pranay was confused where to find Tanu because office was big with approximate 25 staffs. It was not good to look here and there as a professional. Pranay disappointed and left the office. When he reached home, he opened his lappy and logged in to gtalk.

“I came to office but you were not there.  Give me your cell number so that I can contact you whenever I come to your office.” Pranay send the message and logged out.

Three days passed out but Pranay did not get the reply. He was irritated and thought that he should not ask the number. That’s why she did not reply.  Pranay passed out office day with that feelings and went home. He lied on bad for some rest and his mobile vibrated. The message was from unknown number. Pranay started reading.

(story continues)

***

