Short Story Family – Renee

Photo credit: 

 from 

My Name is Renée.

Do you know what my name is? I too did not know my name or my past life till I was eighteen. My family never existed for me, or maybe I didn’t know them. My name was kept by a stranger who loved me like his sister to madness. My name was kept by Josh. He was the one who looked after me like a mother. He was the one who gave me my name- Renée. Want to know how I got a new life and someone to trust and love for the first time? I’ll relate what happened.

I was maybe eighteen when I opened my eyes to find myself in the San Diego beach. I did not know anything about my past. I was injured very badly, with blood on my face, my leg broken and myself, unable to portray my feelings out. Josh was nineteen then, when he found me on the beach

“What is your name girl?” he asked, very politely.

He was a stranger to me then, and I was scared of each person there in the beach. I waved my head to say no, and he understood the fact very well. He tried to dust off the sand from my face, but I moved back. Tears welled up in my eyes, but I kept shut. I wanted to run away from him, but my body did not permit me to do so. I kept on moving back.

“No, no! I won’t hurt you, come to me”, he said kindly.

There was no other choice, so I listened to him. He carried me in his arms to his car, where I nearly collapsed. The car was too fast for me to understand what was going on outside, so I closed my eyes and started drowsing and it was not within a few minutes, I felt asleep.

When I opened my eyes, I was still dirty. But I was on a clean bed, in a clean bedroom.

“You did not tell me about you,” He tried to approach me again.

” I… I… Don’t …. Don’t… rem…” I could not complete my sentence.

“you don’t remember?” he asked, and I nodded my head and made a sound of:”hmm….”

I tried to move, but then noticed that I had a broken leg. Josh was still a stranger to me and I could not be frank with him so soon, but then, there was no one whom I could tell how I felt, so tears again gushed down my cheeks and my hands had bloodstains on them as I wiped my blood covered face with my sandy hands.

He carried me on a wheelchair to a room, where I could choose any dress I’d wanted. He slightly shut the door and went out. I took any dress without much care and went into the bathroom. Now I felt fresh, after cleaning myself. I wore the tank top and the track pants anyhow and came out. I struggled to open the door and went to josh’s bedroom again. The doctor had arrived for me.

Looking at Josh, my eyes were wide open. He gave a warm smile to me and the doctor started to analyze my broken leg. ”just a dislocated joint”, he said as he twisted my leg. Aaaaaaaaah! I wanted to shout, but the lack of my stamina and my fear made only tears fall from my eyes. The doctor then carefully cleaned the wound in my forehead, and bandaged it.

”Thanks, doctor!” Josh said as the doctor went out.

“My name is Josh. ……….. Can you walk now?” he asked with curiosity.

I got up and found myself being able to do so. I smiled slightly and kept standing, waiting for his orders to sit down.

”sit down, you’re not well”, he said and I sat down on his bed, still feeling strange. He sat near me and said “you don’t need to feel strange. I won’t harm you.”

I nodded in a way of trust towards him.

“Do you have a family?” he asked.

“I don’t remember “, I replied weakly.

“So, you have nowhere to go?”

“I will manage somehow”, I said, scared.

“Why do you think I saved you then?”, Josh shouted in anger, with care for me

“I would be very grateful to you if you would keep me in your house”

“Look, girl, seeing you I am reminded of my sister, whom I lost in a car accident. You said you have no one? Can you become my family?”, Josh was not at all angry now.

“I did not understand!”

“I want to legally adopt you as my sister”

“You really think so?”

“I do!”

“Thank you so much, I will listen to you always and be a debtor for the rest of my life!”

“Saying this, you do me more wrong! You are my own, Renée, and don’t tell me anything now!” Josh was angry again but he had a feeling of ‘his own’ towards me.

“Renée?”

“Um…… sorry, I was too rude. Renée is my sister, my half self!”

“You think I can take her place?”

He hugged me. And then moved back. He thought he had done a wrong thing.

“Um …… sorry”

I now felt that someone really will be there to be by my side. He was more of my ‘own’ now. And before he could apologize for this sudden hug, I hugged him. Tears came out of my eyes and did not stop. I cried loudly in his presence. I knew he was crying too, but I did not hear him. I had a feeling of someone very dear to me when I hugged him. He too hugged me tightly and wept.

“Never ever ever leave me josh!” I pleaded him, still crying loudly, my eyes wet and red.

After so many years I got someone who called me by a name, and to whom now I could share all of my thoughts. I was the happiest girl then. He never stopped crying and never took me off his cold chest. I too did not leave him or stop crying. I felt very warm and I could experience love in his chest, through his rapidly beating heart. A heart with love for me, love which would make Josh mad for me. I got a family. I got a mother, a father, a brother, a guardian, and, another ‘me’.

 I got Josh.

 I got the one who gave me my name- Renée.

__END__

