Meeting a person whom you hate the most is the difficult thing on earth, thought Rahul. He is sitting on the side seat of a train. He is going to meet his father after 21 years.

Rahul had a vague memory of a court scene were Ajith and Maya ( his parents) got separated forever with a single sheet paper called court order. How can someone forget all the relationship with a simple paper ?, he thought. Nobody can challenge fate. If it has to happen, it will.

He was just four years when his parents got divorced. They fought tooth and nail to prove that they can’t live together anymore. People will never fight more for separation than for love. They succeed in their arguments and court granted divorce for them. Both of them exchanged everything they have recieved from the other. Rahul was the only property that belongs to both. Court gave the custody of Rahul to his Maya as he was too young. That was the last day he met his father.

He lived the 21 years with his mother and grand parents. Initially he did ask about his father frequently. Maya will console him with some lies. When he started growing up , he began to understand the situation. Sometimes he used to ask her what was the real problem between them and she reply his questions with some philosophy he could never understand. So he stopped asking this to her. But at times he shoot some questions in his mind to his grand father ” why didn’t he come to see me at least. I am his son , right? What ever may be his problem with my mother, what did I do?”

Grand father respond with a smile or tell him that his father is a busy person.

Rahul stopped asking questions about his father after that. Why should he get anxious to know about a person who never try to see him at least once. He started hating him to the core and that hatred increases with his age. Now, he don’t even remember how his father’s face is.

One day he got a letter from his father that he wishes to see Rahul. He was not ready to go. But Maya insisted him to go. Rahul obey her and decided to go. The only person he obey without any questions is his mother. Because he knows well that she sacrifices a lot for her son as a single parent.

Before he leaves, he asked her “Why they got separated”.

As usual she didn’t respond to him with a clear answer and simply said everything happening in this world is predetermined. He understand that his mother is never going to say the truth. He thought that some things are quite difficult to explain.

He takes blessing from her and entered the train. Every single second, in his mind,Rahul was abusing his father for leaving him and his mother for ever, avoiding him, and everything that he hadn’t done. The very thought of seeing his father irritates him. But sometimes fate is unpredictable or as his mother says everything is predetermined. You have to accept the fate without questioning.

Some journeys in life are choiceless. Who knows what news fate have save for him!

–END–

