Short Story with Moral – Looking Glass

Photo credit: 

 from 

Heck of a busy day, jolly me. I glance for the umpteenth time at my well attired chick appearance thru’ the Belgium glass mirror, set the hair curl proper, spray French Armani perfume on me. Yes, I am ready for Rosa, my 15th girlfriend of this year. Rosa is so cool; made me break up with Urmila, my steady girlfriend for last 3 months, anytime the longest period I spent with a single girl.

Urmila is sort of primitive, says she loves me & wants me to change, ha ha. Me & change? I am only son of my multimillionaire Mom. Mom inherited the multi million thing from her father who made this huge fortune before knocking at heaven’s door last year. Mom is so smart, indulging. She is seen in fav social parties most of the time. I get everything from Mom without asking, have all the ultramodern gadgets at my disposal, my own car & bikes; and yes, so many girlfriends.

Darn, where did I keep my specs! Never get a thing when needed. Here it is, OH! can,t see Rosa waiting for me. I put on the specs  rush for my superbike. Looking a bit hazy. I realise this is not my spec, this is the darn one dad wears. Ghastly looking product, why didn’t I notice? Have to make do with the ugly glasses for now. This man, dad, is a pain in our neck. Incorrigible, Mom says; her greatest regret to have loved that man in her college days. Mom was stinking rich, he was middle class bookworm type with habit of coming first at class.. He survived by providing tuition to lower classes, recited & sang well, was popular in class.

Mom says she had won him out of sheer competition from some of her classmates vying madly for him. Mom is great, she got whatever she wanted since childhood. How Mom repents the decision of marrying dad. She wanted him to take charge of grandpa’s business, tried to convert him in her mould. Dad however remained his own self, bookish type, a professor in a darn college. Mom always blasts at him. The man seems to be coward type, never argues, never shouts, cannot combat Mom’s aggression.

He lives in his own world of books, some NGO work & all such mindless activities with no fun element attached. Dad made attempt to teach me well in my childhood days. I hear I was very good in studies. As I grew up, I found those no fun. Mom says she is OK with it, she would anyway hate to find me becoming a haggard bookworm like dad.

Anyway, the pair of glasses is strangely giving me better view of things. Ramu, the beggar boy as usual ran behind the Pan shop spotting my bike.The other day I gave him a big thrashing as he dared to touch my shirt to beg. Sine then, he runs for shelter whenever I pass by. Ramu fell down to run in a hurry to hide from me. Today, what happened to me? Why I am feeling so sad, I feel like crying. I get down from my bike, reach for Ramu who started trembling as I closed in. I embrace Ramu, take out my purse, relieve all the money I had. The beggar boy is spellbound. I apologised to Ramu in front of so many people including panwalla chacha who kept looking at me in utter disbelief.

Off I rode, Rosa is waiting for me at my fav restaurant. Oh God, she is so angry. I am late by half an hour. She pounced at me, ” how dare you make me wait?’ she howls.

I should kiss her, hug her, make her cosy. I approached Rosa. But, what I am doing?? I slapped her tight at her face, found me roaring at her, “what do you thing you are, spoiled lady? You roam whole day with loafer boys, no study, no work, have no morale. Go back home & try to be a good girl’.

She is dumbfounded, so am I. What on earth has grasped me, why I am behaving so different? I rode back home. Here’s Dad, walking out for his evening NGO job. I heard Dad does something for the orphan children at his spare time in the evenings. I hated such lousy jobs, normally ignore Dad whenever I come across him. Surprisingly, today I have no control on self. I find me following Dad & reach a small building at about 10 minutes. Looking from the window, I saw him enter the room amid loud cheers of greeting from the orphan children. Dad sat with the, laughed, told them stories; I feel lump of tears down my throat. How we humiliated & ignored such gem of a person who is so humble, so good, so fatherly?

I came back home, found Mom flirting with Chadda uncle. I admired Mom all my life for her grace, charm & wealth. Today something has shaken me. I barged into their room & shouted at them, rudely asked Mom to behave like a lady with value system. Chadda uncle left. Mom is totally taken by surprise.

She asks “what’s up, my boy? Here’s platinum credit card, go out & enjoy life’.

I look at her with contempt, tell her `I have found my greatest treasure today, my dad.’

Dad came back at night. I entered his room, he is surprised, “please sit, is everything OK, son?’, he asks.

Now I have the pair of glasses that belonged to my dad. I can see everything proper & clear. Today I did not miss the kind glance at his eyes caressing me so smoothly. I sit beside my dad, first time in years.Today I have retired from my job as professor in a reputed college. Yes, I excelled in studies & completed my post doctorate like my father.

I tell dad, `Dad, I will not return your specs, this is mine from today’.

Dad gently touched my head, murmured `Love you, my son’

Dad left us for heavenly abode. Urmila, my loving wife, takes full care of me. Mom realised her mistake from that day, made valiant effort to keep dad happy. Urmila, mom & I stay together happily. Our children grew up well & made their own mark in respective profession. I still retain the pair of glasses belonging to daddy that changed my life altogether.

__END__

