Short Story – Will the World End – The Voice Inside You

Short Story – Will the World End

Photo credit: 

 from 

This short story is essays about the end of world in projection of a person. I recommend readers to discontinue if they expect documentary or research or something scientifically to be answered. Each reader will have their own answer on reading this story, you will have your own voice answering.

Will the world End?

For Months, It was very dark, I couldn’t see anything, I can’t move, all I could do was hear a lot of my mother voice and other sounds. I could feel my mother’s voice; it was soft, passionate and gentle

My mother has been reading and listening to lot of stuffs related to end of world lately. All I Could sense was that, the world will cease to exist on 21-Dec and there are lot reasons for the same. My mother was reading articles around the internet, some say the world will end and some will not. Everyone has their own reason, artifacts to prove their point. Nothing made sense to me, some sort of out of the box, unheard jargons.

My mother always partially believe this End of World thing and partially not. Because of this mixed thought, she was not able stable all the time. She once got the thought of attempting suicide when we were hit with hurricane; she thought the disaster has started and that made worry a lot. I told myself that, Please don’t worry MOM, I am here, and you should be there for me. I want to see you; I want to be with you and it’s not likely if you are not there. We will be together till the end whatever happens.

She heard it and she didn’t do anything dreadful.

Thank god, I was relieved

My mother cries a lot these days, she always thinks, about me and end of the world. she always thought, if the world is going to end, why in the first place I am created?

I am afraid, that my mother could lose her will power and strength to fight, if there is going to be any cataclysmic event, I want to help my mother, but I couldn’t do because am not ready physically, all I can do was help my mother mentally and I can do it to the best I can for now.

You Know, She always tells to everyone that, how bad, she want to watch me grow, watch me go to school, college and then job. She was more afraid because of the dooms day and want everything to happen quickly and live the life to fullest in short span of time, even though she knew it was not practically possible.

She told to her mother that, she insured herself for nearly 10 million on her life, so if anything happens to her, I could get that and live on.

None made sense for me till today; only thing I could feel was my mother’s concern and her wishes to be with me. She is not ready to wait, she has thought of getting me out as soon as possible. But, I know, I am not ready for that yet, I need some more time.

Doctor Ricka entered in to the surgical room to see her assistants are ready. She walked to anaesthesiologist and had a word about their plan for regional anaesthesia.

Are we going with epidural anaesthesia or spinal anaesthesia?

We will go with the spinal, said the anaesthesiologist

Anaesthesiologist made the patient ready for the surgery

Once the patient was ready to be operated, Dr. Ricka commenced the laparotomy in the C-section. She made incision in the patient abdomen to deliver a beautiful baby. The baby didn’t cry, the doctor tapped the baby, and it started crying.

Operation was over in 30 minutes and patient was moved to Post operative care. Nurse around, have noted down the timing of the birth, 0517hrs

Consultation room was big enough to consult two patients at a time, but Dr. Ricka used to see only patient at a time. It was a room which had white color everywhere, the door, the bed, the table, the ceiling. Everything was white, which gave the sense of feeling how clean the room was.

The baby is healthy; we can expect the delivery to be normal, any time after 21st, Dr. Ricka Said

Mrs. Hrida, said, thanks doctor. She turned towards her husband who was sitting next to her muted and insisted him for something.

He couldn’t stand her, she was insisting him the same from so long. He asked the doctor, Can we do Caesarean so the baby is born in prior to 21 Dec.

Dr. Ricka said why you want to go with that, we can wait till 21st and take a call.

No, my wife is afraid that, the world will end on 21st; she wants to have her child before that

Dr. Ricka was laughing inside, this was the 10 patient asking the same, to make delivery fast before 21st. She never had believed in this End of world stuffs. But she always cared about the patient so she said ok.

She quickly checked her calendar, and gave the free time, 17-Dec 0500 hrs to her nurse and said the same to patient.

Mrs. Hrida and her husband were happy that the doctor agreed to do it prior. They quickly learnt the formalities from the reception that has to be taken care before the operation.

For the first time, I felt the air, it hurt me a lot, Someone Tapped me, which hurt me even worse, I couldn’t hold so I started crying. I opened my eyes; there was heavy light, which made me to close my eyes. I felt someone was holding upright position, I heard lot of voices and sounds. I couldn’t hear the voice which I was used to. They slowly moved me to someone, I could feel her and it was my MOM. I was thrilled to maximum first time in my life, yes; it’s definitely the first and best time. I was in to the world 4 days prior to what I have planned.

I woken up to see that I was asleep in my mother’s hand, I felt how much happy she was to hold me in her hand. She had the very best smile in her life time and she was holding me very gentle and carefully. Feeling the tenderness of my mother, I slowly closed my eyes.

I have shared my mother’s thought till today; I had strong influence of her inside me which made me not to stop thinking about that. I have never believed the end of world till I was in womb. Now I doubt, am afraid, I don’t want go away. I thought why in the first place I am born? Is it my fault? Is it my fate?

I am 40 hrs old and didn’t have 40 days to live? My Dear GOD, Will the World End???

END…

