Social Short Story – Pilgrim

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Will you please teach me electrical engineering”, requested a very senior student of engineering college to a very junior one. The junior was astonished on hearing this.

The junior student was a fourth year student of 5 year engineering degree course. He was Murari, an intelligent chap who never scored high. He took pleasure in teaching his fellow friends free of cost and at the cost of his studies too. He was a serious researcher and never concentrated to score in the examination. He was wrong in approach. He would have strived to do the best for his career. His tender age and big dreams were largely responsible for his that approach.

Everybody, including the faculty admired his intelligence and excellent analytical abilities but wondered for his poor results too. However, no body could ascertain any reason for his poor result. The senior student was Dipak Sengupta from West Bengal. This fellow was 5 years senior to Murari. After rolling back for many years, Dipak was at par with Murari. Request of Dipak for tuition was turned down immediately and pungently by Murari.

Dipak was shocked. He returned with a heavy heart. One fine morning, I think it was Sunday; Dipak came to see Murari again. This time he was not alone. He was accompanied by his elder sister Aparajita. Aparajita is a Sanskrit word. It means indomitable – the unconquerable or one who cannot be defeated. In India, names of children are kept meaningful so that children strive to become true to their names.

“

” is a Sanskrit phrase which means “person as worthy as his name”. I too believe in it but Murari was not impressed by Dipak. Dipak means earthen lamp to illuminate to drive away the darkness. Dipak was in truest sense a misnomer. Very unwillingly, Murari welcomed them. Aparajita, the elder sister of Dipak was the lone support of her only brother.

“Didi tumi ese chho (Oh! Elder sister you have come)”, said Murai in chaste Bengali while welcoming them.

I like India not because I am Indian. I like this country as no one can match some of its qualities. Indians never call a person by name. They call even strangers by a relation. Go to any Indian family, irrespective of religion; you will notice that even servants are addressed as Chaha (uncle) or Tau (Father’s elder brother) or Daddu (Grandpa). Indians treat the animals too in human way. I have seen people calling a doggie as his son. This proves the greatness of India. If you happen to know any other country having such traditions, please let me know. I will have same admiration for such countries and their people.

There was silence for a while as the matter was very serious for Aparajeeta. It was difficult for her to start. Before Murari could speak any thing, she spoke, “I know you are not happy with Dipak. We lost our parents, a brother and a sister in a car accident when Dipak was only 10 year old then. We were in home as they went to temple for evening prayer. A speedy truck had hit his car that resulted in fatality. We were informed by a hospital about the accident and immediately we two rushed to the hospital. All our relatives rushed to the hospital. Doctors consoled us for the death of our two siblings. Our parents were in very critical state. Doctors and our relatives tried their very best but cruel hands of death snatched our parents. Before parting, my mother and father took the hands of Dipak and put them in my hands.  I was in BA and Dipak was in class V then. Though the world is full dirty demons, there are some people who are very good.

“Bhagwan, tumi doot pathiyechho bare bare –aiyi dayaheen sansare (Oh Lord! You have sent time and again your messengers in this heartless world)” is a portion of poem by Nobel laureate Ravindra nath Tagore. My father’s sister joined hands with me to attain the mission of my parents. Other relatives also helped us. I left BA and joined a teaching job in school so that Dipak becomes engineer one day. Dream of my parents seemed to be materialized when Dipak got admission in this engineering college. His score up to 2

 year was brilliant. Thereafter something has happened to him and he is not coming up to the expectations. But do you know, I am “Aparajeeta (indomitable)? I will not take rest till he becomes engineer. Dipak told me that you have refused to teach him.”

“I became a teacher in a school to support Dipak. When Dipak got admission in engineering college, mission of my parents seemed to be fulfilled. As I told you, in first and second year he performed very well. Thereafter, his progress declined. Often he requested me not to request him to continue engineering. He felt guilty also. He was insisting me to get married and stop worrying about him or his engineering degree. As I am extremely firm for his education, I scolded him to stop the nonsense and encouraged him to concentrate on his studies. Now in 4

 year, fortunately he got a guide like you. Please don’t disappoint me. I am like your “Didi (elder sister).”

First of all Murai thought that “didi” is emotionally blackmailing. But he could see tears rolling from her eyes and the realized his mistake and tried to console “didi”. He assured her to become guide to his stupid brother. I am sorry for calling him stupid but there is no way to ignore his stupidity. Seeing the unprecedented and unparalleled sacrifice of his sister he would have put his best efforts for reaching the goal. Murari was of the same opinion about him.

Murari thought, “If his brother is not coming to her expectation, at least I shall try to uplift Dipak. After all I am also his brother.” Murari said to didi, “I am very sorry, didi, I will teach Dipak but I have a condition.”

Didi said, “You tell any condition, but you have to teach Dipak. Put forward your condition.”

Murari said, “I will teach him. During teaching he should tell me if he has understood or not so that I can repeat the subject till he gets it. Simply nodding yes is no guarantee to me of his understanding of the subject. Many of my students pretend. Even if they don’t understand, they present that they have fully understood. When I asked them about the subject after teaching, and I find that they have not understood the subject, I get extremely angry. In fits of anger, often I slap them for such foolish acts. Dipak should be prepared for it.”

Aprajeeta said, “No problem. You can beat him also if need be but please aid him to fetch the dream degree.”

“I am confident now. I shall be grateful to you”, she said.

Murari kept his words and provided best tuition to Dipak. They appeared for final examinations also. Murari was less worried for his result and more worried about Dipak’s result. Both of them were successful. Murari was happy that Dipak can now fulfill the expectations of his parents.

When Murari went for inspection work he got the information from his friend circle that Dipak got a job in Calcutta (now Kolkata) and lived with his elder sister and newly wed wife Kabita. Murari was very happy to note this but he did not go to see them.

Murari was posted at Delhi and he planned a trip Mathura. Her wife was insisting for years but the work pressure did not allow.

Lord krishna’s land Mathura was a source of joy for everybody. In the evening he went for “Bhajan (recitation of Lords name), Kirtan (recitation of Lords deeds)” to BankeyBiharijiTemple. Devotional songs tune you to God. If you go to Mathura or Vrindavan, you will find ladies chanting Bhajan and Kirtan. These ladies are generally widows and mostly from West Bengal. These ladies are paid for their duties for singing and chanting Bhajan or Kirtan. Though the remuneration is not lucrative, it is the only means to sustain their lives. Some ladies are very old and cannot take care of themselves. I always wondered about the. One of my friends brought the following information about these Bhaktas (devotees).  I was shocked to know that the Bengalies bring their widow relatives on the pretext of tirtha-yatra (pilgrim) and fled away leaving them in the mammoth gathering.

When such cruel people return their natives without the unfortunate widow ladies, they say, “Tini hariye geye chhen (we have lost him in the big crowd). Aamra anek chesta korlaam kintu ona ke pelaam naa (We tried our level best but could not find them).” Though I have read Swami Vivekananda who labelled Bengali as “I was never knowing our countrymen are so worthless”, I had very high respect for Bengalies. I never knew they will fall up to such an extent. In the college days I had seen how Bengalies ridiculed students coming from rural areas of other states. These Bengalies suffer from inferiority complex so they think that only they are intelligent and sabhya (civilized). For the Bengalies, other people are Boka Maanush (foolish men), apadartha (worthless) and noora (dirt or filth). But amidst the vast bad lot, I admired some Bengalies for their real worth, their democratic approach and civic sense. It was 1993 or 1994, no Bengali competed in IAS. This news was shocking. Down fall of this class representing the intellectuals had already begun. Report brought by my friend on widow devotes from West Bengal stunned me.

It was very much shocking for Murari that he saw a white-clad lady resembling Aparajit didi chancting shlokas in that temple. He could not restrain his curiosity and approached the lady and said

“ Aparajeeta Didi, how come you are here!”.

She was crest fallen. She sensed the trouble. She thought, “Murari had located me and now I have to answer a lot of questions which I don’t want.”

She said, “Oh Murari, how are you? I am still grateful to you for your help.”

Murari said, “I am your brother and I don’t need any thanks for any deed or service. You were not married then. When did you get married? Who is my brother-in-law? Why are you here? Why are you in widows’ dress? Order me what I have to do for you? You might have blessed me so I am well placed so don’t hesitate for anything. Even if I were ill-placed, I would have done for you pleasure. ”

Didi did not say a word. Her silence was vocal. Tears in her eyes revealed every thing. Murari’s wife also joined him and requested Didi to come to the hotel where Murari camped. Being comfortable in the company, she told one of her companion lady bhakata (devotee) that she is visiting her brother in hotel. The trio left for the hotel. Murari offered her a few biscuits and a cup of tea which she gladly accepted. After getting a brief about Dipak, Murari asked her story. I warn you. Check you tears. Her story is very pathetic.

How inhuman was her brother? Aprajeeta Didi did not marry. She continued her teaching in school and lived with Dipak. Dipak got married to kabita and the trouble started after kabita disliked the presence of Aparajeeta in the house. Dipak was in a fix. Neither he could displease his wife nor he can abandon his sister and he became of silent observer of all odds. One day, Kabita’s brother came to visit her. This duo hatched to plot to get rid of Aprajeeta. They lured her to go on pilgrim which she gladly accepted. Dipak was on business tour and he did not accompany them. However, he did all arrangements for the trio, i.e., Kabita, her brother and her sister-in-law Aparajeeta. Travelling Deoghar, Allhabad, Varanasi, and Vridavan, they came to Mathura. And here the brother-sister duo did the meanest thing. They dumped Aparjeeta in the holy crowd and ran away. Murari requested Didi to stay with his family for ever but Aparajeeta did not agree. Any how she accepted to be with them for sometime.

One day Murari had an official tour to Howrah. He planned the trip for one week more than actually needed for the official work.

Murari’s wife Rita questioned him, “Why are you overstaying there?”

Murari replied, “Keep it with you only. I am going to find out all facts about Didi. If possible, I will find some solution also.” Rita agreed.

After completion of his official work Murari concentrated on equally important the spying work for Aparajeeta. Dipak was transferred to Assam. Dipak’s brother-in-law Santosh was residing in the paternal house of Dipak. Dipak narrated how they lost Aparajita. Murari was not convinced. He told Santosh that he would be here for a week. Santosh agreed for it. When Santosh left for his office in the morning, Murari had full day time available to him for his spying job. During this period he met family friends of Dipak and his neighbors to get some clue.

One day one of Dipak’s friends, Kartik, living in the same locality, told Murari, “Aprajita Didi haran noi, era onaake suniyojit bhave chhere paliye geyechhen (Aprajeeta Didi has not been lost. Santosh and Kabita have dumped her and fled away as per their plan).”

“How do you say that they planned to do that heinous act?”, asked Murari.

“ Apni proof chaan? (Do you require proof?)”, said Dipak’s friend. He continued, “I was entrusted to arrange the tickets and reservation for the unfortunate trip. I owe to the family very much for support. I am working in the Railways. Therefore, I am at service to my entire locality on travel matters. Santosh, the meanest person, got booked 3 tickets for onward journey but for return journey he requested me for only two. Ami jgyasa korllam do jan firben? (two persons will return?). santosh and his sister confirmed.

He continued, “I thought that for returning some different arrangement may be there and brought all the tickets to them. I had no doubt on them. My foolishness surfaced when the sister-brother duo played drama with crocodile’s tears. I told Dipak of this truth. Dipak was very unhappy but he could not do either to his cunning brother-in-law or to his quarrelsome wife. He accepted his luck. Now when Dipak has been transferred to Assam, Santosh is eyeing on ancestral property of Dipak too. How to protect this family?”

“My mission is partially fulfilled”, thought Murari. It was a brain storming session for Murari. Many plans of welfare for her sister Aprajita came and faded away like sea waves. He conveyed his wife of the finding on telephone and requested her to be tight lipped till his return. In the evening, when Santosh returned, Murari thanked santosh for the hospitality extended by him and begged leave. Santosh was surprised as the program for Murari was for week and only two days have elapsed.

Murari said, “There is an urgent call from the office and I have return now.”

“Aaro dui ek din thakten to bhalo hoto; theke jaan (It would have been better if you stayed here for a day or two; please be here)” said Santosh pretending his grief.

Murari knew it and he too pretended his happiness in the company of Santosh and promised for visits in future.  Murari left the house of Dipak and continued to stay in Kolkota in his friend’s house to find a suitable solution for Didi.  He discussed his friends also for that matter. He circulated a note in his friend circle that he is throwing a party for his alumni and requested everybody to attend to make the part a success and meaningful. It was a wonderful party. Only time forced them to stop the party otherwise it would have continued endlessly. Party was very good but Murari was unhappy that one of his seniors, Satinath Chatterjee did not attend the party. He pulled out his telephone directory and contacted him.

Murari said, “Dada aapni party te keno elen na? (Why didn’t you come to the party?). Aapnar sange dekha korar khub ichha aache (I have a great desire to see you)” Murari expressed.

“Tum ekhoni amar baari te aaso ( You immediately come to my house). Tomer sange melap amiyo korte chai (I too want to see you).” Said Satinath.

“Ekhuni aapni baari te achhen, keno (why are in home at this time? Office gelen na (Didn’t you go to office today?). Sab bhalo to (Everything OK?)” Murari poured questions.

“Tumi chole eso (You come). Sab katha bolbo (I will tell you everything)” replied Satinath.

Murari reached Satinath’s house and knocked at the door. Satinath came with a daughter in lap and holding fingers of small kid to greet Murari. “Dada, aamar bodi kothai (Elder brother, where is my sister-in-law?)” enquired Murari.

Satinath was speechless. Without listening anything from Satinath, Murari understood the matter. He consoled him and took the infantile girl in his lap and gave a packet of toffee to the little kid. Immediately a thought flashed to Murari. If Satidada Marries Aparajita, problems of Didi(sister – Aprajita), Dada (Satinath brother) and children will be solved.

“Satida, aami tumar baari te kichhu din thakbo (Elder brother Sati, I will stay in your house for quite some time). Aamar ginni, next flighte aasche (My wife is reaching here by next flight). Tumi kichhu chinta korbe naa (You don’t get perplexed any more).” pronounced Murari. Murari rang to his wife to come to Calcutta by next flight with Aparajitadi and children for fine get-together.

Murari’s wife came with her children and Aparajita. First Murari consulted his wife for the marriage of Aparajita with Satnath. She was delighted and consented.

She said, “It is a very good proposal but it should be agreed by Aprajita and Satida. Without their consent, this cannot be materialized. I will talk to Aprajita and you talk to Satida” advised Rita.

The counselling started and after an hour or so, everybody agreed to the proposal. Dipak was contacted on phone. He was very happy to find her sister alive. Dipak was warned for not revealing it to his wife, Kobita. Dipak was directed to reach Calcutta as early as possible.

Dipak came to Satinath’s house. It is very difficult to describe their emotional meeting. They were overwhelmed by joy bringing rainy days. Incessant tears flew for hours in happy hours. When they got settled from emotion, Murari took no time to divulge his plan to Dipak. He too gladly accepted and in simple ceremony, Satinath and Aparajita got married. Kobita and his nasty brother were neither invited nor was any information given to them.

Murari now divulged how Santosh and her sister kobita carried out the nasty plan of dumping Aparjita in Mathura.

“Biswas hochhe naa (It is hard to believ)” Dipak said. He continued, “I have so much faith in Kobita and she has done so! Aiee sansar to khub kharap (This world is too bad)”, felt Dipak.

“Ekhun, ki kara jabe?(Now what is to be done?)” asked Dipak.

“Khub sojha (extremely simple). Bring Kabita here without letting her know anything” said Murari.

Dipak brought Kabita to the house of Satinath. “Tumi kothai aama ke ni-ae eso chho? (where have you brought me?)” enquired Kabita.

“Akhuni bujhte parbe (just now you will understand); ektuku dheeraj rekho (have some patients)” replied Dipak.

As they entered the house Satinath and Murari greeted her. She was unable to recognize them. Murari took the lead and said, “Dipak and I studied together. I am Murari”.

He (pointing to Satnath) introduced Satinath, “Eeni amar senior from the same college. He is Satinathda”

“Satinathda, kindly call your wife now”, requested Murari.

Aparajita came with the two kids to see them. Kabita was crestfallen when she saw Aparajita. Now she could sense some problems.

Utilizing her satanic wit, she said, “Toomake koto khujlam (searched you intensively). Toomi kothai nukiye geyechhile? (where did you hide?)”

Murari said, “Neither she hid herself nor she was lost in the crowd at Mathura. You had planned to leave her there to get rid of her and fled away cunningly and you executed your plan very successfully. I have solid proof. I am astonished at your behaviour. Aparajita for got everything and supported him. Nothing can equal her sacrifice. In return, you subjected her to so much pathos. You are vamp. Even animals are far more human than you. She remained unmarried for the education of Dipak and you forced her to be in widow’s dress. Is this the reward for her good deed”, Murari vomited the venom.

Kabita pleaded not guilty and continued her drama. She shouted on Murari, “Toomi boka e-yi rokomero kotha keno bolchho? (Stupid,  why do you talk like that?)”.

Murari was highly angry and said, “Both you and your brother will end up in jail. Tell me why did you booked return ticket for yourself and your brother? Why didn’t you book ticket for Apatajita? Did you know before starting the journey that she will be lost and there is no reason for buying ticket for her?”

Kobita realized her mistake and started repenting for being a part of his nasty brother’s plan. Initially she was opposing her brother for this plot. But when insisted for many times and also due to temptation, she agreed. She confessed and fell prostrate on the feet of Aparajita.

Kabita cried, “Aami jaghanyo pap korechhi (I have done heinous crime). Kewoo maaf korbe naa (No body will pardon me). Kintu, tumi to devi, aama ke maaf kore dao (But you are godess, please pardon me). Aamar dui ta bachhaar ki hobe? (what will happen to my two children?) Daya korun (Please show mercy)”

Aprajita took her in her arms and said, “You are younger, you can commit mistakes. Elders’ duty is to forgive them. But remember, bad things will remain bad only. So do good to others. You are as dear to me as Dipak and so are your children. You have show the path to your children”.

Aprajita became an example of supreme sacrifice. Kabita promised to become a good person.

“What next?” enquired Murari.

Dipak replied, “Aprajitadi and Satinathda will shift to our parental house. Here satida has to pay rent and accommodation is too small to meet the requirement. Everybody, including Kabita, nodded yes in affirmation.”

When Dipak had come fro Assam, Kartik had a glance of him in railway station. So he went see him in his house in the evening. Usually Santosh remained there all alone. When he knocked at the door, a lady came to see him. Kartik was astonished to find a lady in that house. “Is Mr. Santosh in the house?”, enquired Kartik.

“Yes, he is here. You please be seated; I am calling him”, replied that lady. To kartik that lady didn’t appear to be a good woman. After a while, Santosh came to see Kartik.

“When Dipak is coming? For years I haven’t met him”, clarified Kartik the purpose of his visit.

“Why should he come here? He is happy there. This place is for poor people like you and me. Dipak has become a great man. Even if he comes, he may not recognize you. Don’t have so much love for him”, said Santosh in very morose tone.

“Dipak is my childhood friend. My happiness lies in his progress. We cannot forget each other. By the way, I did not recognize this woman in your house. Who is she?”, Kartik baffled  Santosh.

Santosh had no ready made answer for this as he cannot tell the truth and telling lie is not an easy task.

Getting no answer from him put Kartik into a brain storming process of “guess who”. He asked leave from Santosh and left the house. He sensed some problems. When Dipak was a engineering student, once he had gone to see one of his seniors in Uluberia. So he planned a trip to Uluberia out of curiosity to find if Dipak was in town.

When he knocked at the door at the house of Dipak’s friend in Uluberia, he was overwhelmed to see that the person opening the door is no other than Dipak. They hugged each other. A lot of questions of welfare were asked and replied by each other and then Kartik narrated of presence of lady in his house, about his visit to Santosh and his behavior.

On getting this, Dipak said, “I am aware of it. My neighbors have informed me. Santosh has turned my house into hell. He invites his friends in my house for drinks, gambling and other entertainment. As you know he does not  have a good source of income, he has mortgaged some of my properties also. I was intending to come here to settle these issues but meanwhile I was summoned here for special cause. Kartik, I am sorry, I didn’t believe you when you told me that Aparajitadi was not lost in Mathura but Kabita and Santosh planned that. You were correct, my dear friend. Now meet Aprajitadi.”

Thereafter, all of them started planning their next move. All of them, including Kabita, agreed that Santosh may pose problems in our entry into the house. Therefore, before going home, they went to police to inform the incident and help. DCP assured them all help and sent a team to avert any untoward incident. When they were close to house, police-team stopped. Head of the police team said, “We will be watching from here. In case of any problem, one of you give us a signal for help.”

Dipak knocked at the door. Nobody came to open the door. After a repeated knocking, a lady came to open the door. “Santosh kothai? (Where is Santosh?). AApni ke? (Who are you?)”, enquired Dipak. She had no answer. All of them forced their entries into the house without any welcome. They found Santosh in intoxicated state. He (Santosh) stood up to greet Dipak and immediately came to senses when he saw Aparajita. Sensing trouble, he took out two revolvers from his two pockets. He pointed revolver at right hand on Aprajita and said in anger, “Ek baar beche geye chho (You are saved once). E-yi bar bochbe na. marar janyo taiyaar hoye jao (This time you cannot escape. Be prepared to die now)”.

Pointing left hand revolver at Kartik, he continued, “Tumi aamar bhanda phor korey chho (You have revealed my deed and plot). Er aage-oo toomi eyii chesta korechho (before this also you have tried this). Tumio baachbe na (You too will have no escape).”

Everybody was stunned at this. Kabita came forward and requested his brother to stop all that nonsense. She also tried to convince his brother that Aparajitadi was a great soul and would forgive him. But he was mad in anger and listened to none. Kabita had a fear that now Santosh will fire at Aprajita and so to rescue her she came in front of her to safeguard thinking her brother will not fire at his sister (Kabita). Unfortunately, trigger was already triggered. Kabita was heavily wounded. The police team forced their entry into the house listening the bang of revolver and cries. Santosh was about to shoot Kartik also but police overpowered him. Leader of the police said, “We are taking care of him. Rush to the nearest hospital in our geep and save Kabita”.

“Why did you save my life at the cost of your life?” Aprajita enquired from Kabita.

“It is washing of my sins. Please forgive me, I have received sufficient punishment and allow me to die peacefully.” said Kabita and fainted. She came to her senses in the hospital and found herself in the arms of Aprajita. She said, “Please don’t try to save my. Death is the only punishment for my heinous crime, a shameful act indeed.” Looking into the eyes of Aparajita, she continued, ”Will you take care of Dipak and his children? With your assurance, I want to die in peace.” Aprajita tried to console her and said, “Nothing will happen to you now. You will be OK very soon. You have repented for you deeds. That is sufficient. Moreover, I have nothing against you.”

She was taken to the operation theatre for removal of the bullet. Fortunately, bullet did not hit the vital part and it was removed easily. However, doctor warned them for talking too much with her and advised for complete rest for a week.

“Today doctor will examine you and if found fit, you can be discharged from this hospital” said Aprajita to kabita. Kabita saw her with gratitude.

She was discharged from the hospital. They returned home i.e., paternal house of Dipak. Murari wanted to leave the same day but nobody allowed him. “Toomi bokar bokai thakbe (You will remain stupid for whole of you life). Story of Aparajita, Kabita and Dipak is reaching to a happy climax. Doesn’t this require celebration. Ek din theke jao (stay for day only). Tumi ki gaan korbe? (Which song will you sing?”, said Satida. “Bes aami theke gelam (OK I am staying). “Aami gabo Bhpen Hazraar gaan “Dada paye pori re, mela theke bou aane dau ( Oh elder brother, I will lie prostrate on your lotus feet, please visit the fare and bring a girl for my marriage)”, said Murari. Sati said, “Dhut saala, tomar bone biye to hoyegelo. Akhun toomi ammar saala (Oh brother-in-law, your sister got married and now you are my brother-in-law)”.

They celebrated the party next day. Before parting, they sat together and discussed many issues. Dipak asked Murari, “What is your opinion now about we Bengalies? Has it improved a bit? Tell me the truth.” Murari replied, “One Santosh cannot tarnish the good qualities of Aprajita, Kabita, Kartik and Dipak.” “Abbar saala bhool kore phele chhe (Again brother-in-law has committed mistake). Aami jantaam (I knew it). Saala saber sunaam bol-lo aar aamar naam bol-lo-naa (He spoke of all good names but did not mention me)”, said Sati.

“Toomi naa thakle aamar boner ki hoto? (If you were not there, what would have happened to my sister?). Bes tomar naam bol-lam (OK, your name too gets mentioned)” replied Murari. A lot laughter followed. Laughter makes the life ongoing and worth living.

Murari was still perplexed. Noticing this, Sati said, “I find you are still not happy, Murari. Tell me freely and fankly.”

Murari replied, “We don’t choose our birth. Caste, creed, parents, language, land and gender and often religion are divinely bestowed to us. Then we become proud of these. Things of pride should be our good deeds and our achievements. All other things are unimportant. As a matter of fact anybody can achieve anything by having strong desire and equally strong will”.

He further continued, “The tendency to dump helpless ladies of any community at the religious places like Varanasi, Vrindavan, Allhabad, Mathura etc. has to be stopped at all cost. We cannot shirk our responsibilities towards our old and vulnerable people. After all we are due to their sacrifices. It is our time to repay. I request you to form a group to combat against such social evils.

“Murari, you have certainly inspired us. We won’t let you down.

__END__

