Social Issue Story – What’s my mistake….

Photo credit: 

 from 

Khushi stared out through the window of their new apartment. Many kids are playing in the garden. She turned and saw Arshi… their two years old cute daughter… playing with her toys… She saw her cup of tea and then out again. Her thoughts flew back….

“How she was so much naïve that she couldn’t find the difference in people. Anjali… her favorite cousin sister… who is ten years older than her. She knew Anjali right from her childhood… They both have bonded very well… Anjali got married to Shyam when she was doing her schooling… Shyam… is a very nice person… as she is a very lively girl… Shyam instantly got attached to her just like Anjali… He took care of her like his own little sister…”

Khushi blinked her eyes remembering those days. She saw her cup again and took a sip. Then went back with her thoughts….

“He used to visit them along with Anjali… The way he looked at her… there was nothing but a true affection for a little sister…. She used to chat with him… she keeps blabbering just thinking him as her brotherly figure… days rolled… Anjali-Shyam was blessed with beautiful kids…. She is very happy for them… She finished her studies and started to work staying in hostel…. Then her day came…. Yes… She got married to the person whom she fell in love… Arnav….”

A cute smile appeared on her lips thinking about her love… Arnav… Again she went back after having a sip….

“Arnav is a very possessive, nice hearted, furious young man… She started her life with him so happily in their new environment…. Soon they were blessed with a cute baby girl… Arshi… everything was going so well…. And one day… Anjali-Shyam shifted to their apartment as he got transferred…. She was extremely happy as she missed them so much… Arnav respected her values for relations… her pure affection towards others… So he too welcomed them truly not knowing what’s waiting for them….”

Khushi gulped her tea… her face went so pale…. When it flew back…..

“Shyam started to visit them daily… first she couldn’t get it… she as usual chats with him…. He started to get close with Arshi… buying unnecessary things to her…. She and Arnav didn’t know how to make him stop… as they thought maybe their words would hurt him…. Also Shyam was very keen to know about their each and every detail…. Arnav smartly answered his questions without hurting him… He knew that Shyam is interfering in their personal life which he didn’t like a bit… as Shyam went beyond…”

Khushi’s eyes slowly welled up…

“Then came her little sister’s wedding… She enjoyed a lot without realizing what’s happening around her… few more days rolled…. Now she itself started to realize that Shyam’s visit and his talks are going in different angle… She finally opened up with Arnav… When she started to talk… Arnav held her hand and looked her eyes… he told that he wanted to talk to her… also he asked her not to get upset after hearing him… She nodded him slowly and confusingly… then Arnav told her how he started to notice Shyam especially when she’s around… he held her hand more firmly… then said about the incident…. In her sister’s marriage… when Arnav was busy capturing pictures… Shyam has always stood with her… Arnav kept an eye on him and observed… the actual photographer didn’t know anything about Khushi and Shyam… so he guessed that they were couple… he started to click pictures… for which Shyam was posing so happily with her… Arnav has stopped and looked at him… When Shyam sensed Arnav’s stare… he moved away from her… why he did that…. If there is no any intention…. Then he would have smiled at Arnav…”

A lone tear rolled over her cheeks…. Which she wiped in instantly….

“Arnav looked at her… who actually froze hearing those unimaginable things… she struggled to believe it… He touched her shoulder… She blankly looked him… He told that he’s been watching him for several days but didn’t told her coz she will become upset… tears started to well up… she uttered how can he change like this… Arnav cupped her face… he told her to stay strong and alert… an unknown shiver emerged inside her…”

 Khushi’s tea has become so chill….

“She thought to check it… she purposely told Anjali that Arnav will be late next day… Shyam came to know about this… Arnav warned her that he will come for sure… just like he said… Shyam visited her… this time she didn’t talk much… just tried to concentrate in her works ignoring his presence…. Shyam voluntarily started to pour unwanted questions to her…. just to get her attention… she answered shortly and told him that her friend has invited her to her home… Shyam got it and started to leave… She breathed in relief and informed Arnav…. That’s it… Arnav clearly told him not to interfere in their lives…. Shyam didn’t disturb them but didn’t know what he has told Anjali… that Anjali didn’t talked with her properly… Also as Arnav got transferred they shifted to this new apartment….”

Khushi jerked from her thoughts when Arnav tapped her… He knew what she’s going through… He hugged her and calmed her… Then he made her to sit with him… what would have happened… if Shyam had done anything… how she would have reacted…. What about Anjali and kids…. What about their families…. With so many unanswered questions… she rested her head on his shoulder… He held her palm firmly…. She is happy that Arnav is there for her….

She looked at Arshi…. Her brain started to think how she’s going to face them in future… especially Shyam…. As they are close relatives….

“What’s my mistake Arnav…” she muttered and looked at him… “Nothing…. Just stay alert… we can’t believe anybody just like that…. Also we should know our limits… we shouldn’t interfere in others lives….” Saying this he hugged her.

__END__

