Family Story – Mortal

(c) YourStoryClub.com

The sun rises, giving the bail of morning. It is a time for life to start its day. The sun begin its day by showering feeble rays of light to life, a sparrow by tweeting, moon by disappearing, a horse by grazing, a duck by bathing. Human starts their day randomly. Some get up early for following daily routines. Fathers wake up for office and children for school. Mother gets up for preparing their children break fast and getting them ready for school.

Among many mothers, David’s mother was preparing breakfast for David although David was not a kid any more. He was a university student but his mother was much caring and still pampered him with her love and care. Unlike ordinary mothers, David mother was aware of her teaching to him about his character. David’s mother built a strong character of David. She ofter warns him that cleanliness of character was most important for her. She would not bare a crack on David’s character. She would not bare that any one lay finger on his character. David’s mother preached him about the meanness of this world, about the Instigation of material. His mother was not materialistic and didn’t wanted David to be . Unlike her mother David was sort of materialistic and was fed up by his mothers lectures. All he was interested in making money.

David in university was discussing about shortcuts for making money. He was fed up by education and was willing to get involved in some kind of business promising him great wealth quickly. His so called group of friends keep spoiling him by telling him about the criminals earning through shortcuts. That deeply altered his mind to get involved in these ways. As the time goes on, David became more and more indulged in shortcuts and one day he made up his mind to start. He consulted his so called best friend Toby for that. Toby promised him that if he manages to get few thousand dollars, He will get him into a drug dealing business. David went home, stole her mother jewelry, sold it and gave money to Toby. Toby with strange smile accepted the cash and demanded a week to fulfill the job

David’s mother was thinking about that day when David was going to university 1st day. It was a beautiful day for them. It was quite rare of a village boy going to university in a city. David with his mother, lived in a village far away from hustle of urban area. David mother always warned him about the glitters of urban life, about the cunning people there, about the hollow life there, material love there. She warned him to be cautious about trusting strangers of city. She alarmed him about the curse of material. She often advise him to be man of his honor and not to sell his dignity and self respect in love of money. She sometimes used to say “David we are naive villagers. we should be cautious of cunning city men.” She was advised David all of these on that day too. David said farewell to his mother promising her to be as good as she want him to be.

David obeyed her mother advice in start but then he met “Toby.” Toby was a cunning guy who had a hate for villagers. He hated villagers as they didn’t have were same standards as of urban. According to him they are filthy. Toby trapped David in his net of flattering and so called friendship. Toby made David change his thoughts. David began ignoring his mother advices. Everyday he returned home, David mother could sense change in thinking of David. He was now more interested in materialistic things. David mother tried to lure him back but all in vein. She discussed the problem with his father abroad, he assuaged her but she still worried.

Door bell rang, made David’s mother back from world of past. It was David at the door. David was happier then usual. His mother noticed and asked. David didn’t replied but smiled. David sat on old couch, looked at his old room and said “It’s pretty old now. I will renew my room house and even my whole life.”

David’s mother replied “That will be great but you still have 3 more years of study.”

David replied in fulsome tone “come on mom who’s gonna wait for that.”

David’s mother became angry “David I’ve been sensing changes in you. Some city men is doing that?”

“come one mom! I’m sick tired of you advices. I am not living honored life anymore. I want to live my own life.”

“David you are our responsibility.” his mother replied.

“Enough mom! I’m done now.”

“Alright then fine. Do whatever you want to do” David mother replied with grief tone. David later that day left telling his mother new location of his house in city.

David enjoying his new life, had forgotten how lonely his mother will be. He traded his immortal love of family,  his self respect , dignity, honor, self esteem and most importantly his mother trust for mortal materials. Toby was successful in making David lose all these things. David now sell drugs and rob shops for money. He was too much indulged in making money. His humanity, his consciences died long ago. To destroy some one’s life, destroy his consciences. Toby, well aware of that, made that happen and greed was his bail.

Soon David was bored of this life. he miss being himself, being close to his mother, being honorable. Little ray of humanity and self respect produced in him. David remembered those days when used to enjoy life with his family, Those days when he was not like now he is. David remembered the day when he fell from bicycle and cracked his ankle. His parents were so much worried they took care of him, they spent whole nights beside him heating his ankle. He recalled his memory of those days when he demanded new toys every week and his parents never refused. They took care if him like no other parent could ever do. His parents made him eat delicious cakes and they themselves didn’t ate as they were too expensive and often they made him eat even their part. He remember those days when his mother used to make him his favorite dishes even she wasn’t well.

Now he was feeling that maybe he made a mistake. He discussed that with Toby. Toby tried to destroy that ray of light, and succeed. Then he decided to end this chapter. He gave all details of David’s crime to a local police officer and lured him in clutches of police. David trying to escape, got shot near kidney.

David mother was making diner for his father who had arrived from abroad with broken heart as he heard about David. Phone bell ringed, David father received the phone and told his mother that David got shot and doctor says that he need a kidney transplant.

David mother reacted and said ” He broke my heart, my trust this perfect time to take revenge.”

David father shocked “What? Why revenge at this time.”

David mother remained silent, dressed up her overcoat took her purse and said “I am going to hospital to take my revenge. Come if you want too.”

David woke up in hospital. He could see blurred images in his eyes. He closed and rubbed his eyes. Now he could see doctor standing near him, gave him a note to read and left. David drank few sips, closed his eyes, took a deep breathe and stared at note. “

 ‘

“

David called doctor.  When the doctor came, David asked what’s that about. Doctor replied him with details. David after hearing doctor’s word, for a moment he stood still then fell down. At first he tried to scream but couldn’t then he screamed and screamed and cried “What have I done. I traded mortals for the immortal love.”

People in the ward stared at him. He was center of attention for them. A kid whose father was doctor here, asked his father about him. His father replied ” Son! He traded the immortal love of his mother, his family, his immortal honor, self respect, self esteem, dignity for mortal materialistic love which is just like sand in your palm that flows out quickly. Families are most important in this world. There is no return and alternatives for family. The mortals of world could never replace them. Its the love and prayers of your families that is immortal and help you in this world and hereafter. His mother gave him her kidney and called that her revenge.. Now he have to spend his whole life in jail missing the immortal love of his family!”

__END__

