Story of Two Sisters – String…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Khanak, 37 year old younger daughter of Mr. Batra was quiet, calm and composed. She had different energy altogether and an aura which attracted people around her. School teacher by profession and an ardent follower of Buddhism she followed her practice diligently. She was a true example of beauty with brains. She had an elder sister Kaanan 40 years of age who also was single and both of them shared beautiful relationship. Kaanan took over the responsibility as a son of the family and ensured that before her happiness came the happiness of her family. Born and brought up with family values both of them had unique qualities which could not be compared. It was Sunday morning and Mr. Batra got a call from Khanna aunty who were their neighbor’s and also parents to one of their cousin sister in law. They had a marriage proposal for Khanak. Excitement ruled the house of Batra’s.

It was bright sunny morning however there was something sad in the environment. There was no sense of exuberance in Khanak. As expected the guy’s parents were to reach at Khanna residence at 2 pm. After breakfast Khanak went to her room. Kaanan was a strong observer and felt there was something fishy. As both the sister’s shared a bond Kaanan just out of curiosity asked Khanak what were her plans for the afternoon and how she would want to get dressed and what she would wear. “No Response”. Kaanan as always being over excited and over enthusiastic kept on pestering Khanak and sensed something unnerving and unpleasant was to happen. Khanak said she wanted to talk. Kaanan’s heart sunk as she was expecting unexpected.

Khanak broke down and said she had someone in her life. Without wasting a second Kaanan reacted Akash.

 

“Knock at the door. Namaste didi this is Akash. I and Khanak work together”.

Fraction of moment Kaanan realized that Khanak had discussed many times about this guy .Before Kaanan could reach to the person standing on the door he reacted, with a smile if he could come inside. Unwanted guest and that too someone from Khanak’s school had to be given all the attention. Tea was served and the conversation was pleasant. Di heard a lot about you and I have no sister. Can I make you my foster sister? Ohh sure Akash, why not. He became a brother to both the sisters. It was a beautiful bond and relation they all started sharing. Year by year Akash became a frequent visitor and family at Batra’s. Akash was eldest in his family and responsible too. He was able to win the heart of Batra family as he at a very young age took the burden of his family and his ailing father who was suffering from cancer. Unknown to the family Khanak was helping and supporting Akash not just emotionally but financially too. It was around noon that Khanak rushed back from school stating that Akash’s father passed away and they had to be at his place. Both the sister’s rushed to his residence. It was very sad. Tragedy made Akash, Khanak and Kaanan close to each other. Bond shared through emotions is far beyond the bond that gets gifted through blood relation.

Khanna and family came to visit the Batra’s. It was great interaction. They were a nice family and as being parents of two daughters this proposal was a blessing as they were a known too family. Khanak’s mom was so excited and wanted to give the guy Sagan and ensure that they don’t lose such a nice match. She was instantly keen to do some ceremony. God and destiny had different answers. Kaanan knew it all. She intervened and said that they would decide and inform later. She knew that she had to ensure that she does not lose her sister at the same time being brought up with values and being conventional she was aware that something bad could happen. It was also not easy to make the parents understand as to what could be the repercussion of the proposal. Also that their lovely daughter who was the heart of the family could do such a thing which was leave the entire family ashamed. It’s said marriages are made in heaven and it was true as next morning Batra’s had a train to catch as they were going for vacation for 4 days. They had to go to Amritsar and over there Kaanan explained all to her parents and they had to decide what was best for Khanak. Khanak went in depression. Happy family of Batra’s became sad and gloomy. Khanna had an excellent marriage proposal for Khanak. On the other hand Batra’s had lost all.

Life became normal and in routine. Discussion about marriage was no longer an affair at batras on the grounds that Khanak raised a clear voice against the wishes of her parents. It was only akash or no marriage for her and she would remain a spinster. Tension started prevailing between the two sisters always. Khanak started giving priority to Akash over Kaanan’ s and it became so obvious. Khanak most of the time spent talking chatting and going around with the love of her life and she was happy with the adjustment notwithstanding the harm she was brooding for herself and her family. Akash was 10 years younger to Khanak, coming from lower middle class family and above all had responsibility of the entire family as his father was no more. Father and mother of Khanak were 74 & 68 and they became speechless. They started feeling that what went wrong in there upbringing. Worst of all Akash and Khanak had become foster brother and sister and they were seeing each other under the nose of their parents. No ways it was acceptable. They took a stern step and called Khanna’s. Irony they had decided another girl.

Life moved on with strenuous relationship amongst family of four. Months passed by. Kaanan was at work when her mother called her that she has to rush back home as Khanak had written a suicide note and ate sleeping pills. Life is unpredictable and prayers of the entire family got answered. Khanak was saved.

She was adamant. She was firm. What can parents of a daughter do when they know that their child is taking a wrong decision of her life. Khanak and Kaanan stopped sharing the love, affection care they had grown with and the time they had spent together. She blamed her sister for not being a support as a sister. She blamed her for maligning the thoughts of their parents. They became poles apart.

Kaanan felt awakened and realized that she was the string between all and make sure that everyone had to be happy. She wanted to make it happen for both of them so that at least they could lead a happy married life. She  was no longer in talking terms with Akash but for sake of her sister and sake of happiness of the family she sent a mailer to Akash who responded immediately that he was in Bangalore and had become an Analyst. He called Kaanan to her surprise and said that she was a God omen for him. Shocked and gasping for breath he kept on saying and she just kept mum and listened. He wanted to get loose as he was in jeopardy. He wanted her support to break off from Kaanan as she was no way going to be acceptable to his family.

Truth was unveiled. He used her for his personal motive, success, growth moral dependence. Kaanan on the other hand felt this opportunity to be a blessing in disguise as this would let her free her sister from the clutches of a self-centered opportunist and an escapist who had no values and principles of life. Akash found a way to escape and mailers and communications became a routine and he started regularly calling and speaking to her. This was not enough for him and he turned the tables. He called Kaanan and said”   Di, I am in Delhi for a visit and want to meet you”. Time was decided and as ritual he touched her feet. They both were in lengthy conversation when he showed his interest to go to US. He wanted support to get a job through one of Batra’s cousins who was in states. Good gracious Akash was a swine and for his benefit could do anything. Worst was yet to come…..

One fine day Khanak blasted at Kaanan that she was double crossing as a sister and ruined her life. She became responsible for breaking off a beautiful relation of 8 long years. She was cursed. Two sisters could not tolerate each other’s presence any longer. They stopped communication. Truly Love is blind. As**ole Akash double crossed both of them. He used to take back all conversation between him and Kaanan to Khanak. More so the restaurant where Akash and Kaanan had met, Khanak was also present. He had to show that he was being forced to let Khanak go off. He played game and succeeded. A month later Batra’s receive marriage invitation card from Akash.

Life is not the same in Batra house. No smiles. Kaanan being a spiritual person still thinks what is life? Why did it happen? What made them suffer or was is destiny or is it Karmas….Khanak is 40, Kaanan is 43 and her parents 80 and 74

Mr. & Mrs. Batra have grown older. Elderly couple think that what wrong or misdeeds must have they done that they are almost nearing their end journey of life and could not make it possible for their daughters to lead a happy marriage life. They think they became failure as parents.

Kaanan still is following her routine. Khanak has moved on. Irony she met Vishal who is divorcee and using her to the fullest as per his convenience to take off his burden of broken marriage. Khanak not realizing that she is just a shoulder and lost herself again…..

Is it Khanak? Is it Parents? Is it Luck? Is It Destiny? Is It Karmas? Is it society? Is it values? .. or AKASH may be….However its String lost forever….

__END__

