Family Short Story – My Mother

Photo credit: 

 from 

My Mother is actually a story which happened with my friend and that thing only I am going to tell you people  :

Mother is such a thing which we can’t describe with few words or sentences. This story is about how to respect the person who gave birth to us in this world and how to obey her rules. My friend’s name Deep who is a very rich boy, his father is real businessman who stays in Dubai and his mother name is Alhena, so yeah I am going to narrate the story.

Direct speech..

Scene took in a big house…..

Deep-Mom, I am going to be late tonight!!!! have to hang out with my friends,

Mom-Be careful beta don’t hurt yourself,

Deep-Mom!!!Mom!!! where is my money and bottle,Mom!!!

Mom- Coming coming don’t scream beta, I  have actually gone to bring your Cell phone cause I know you will going to miss again in your room

Deep-(Hmm) don’t call me cause I will be busy so don’t………….

Mom-But beta you know that I can’t Stay without you for a long time you know i am alone in this big house and i always think and care for you ,

Deep-Don’t be so stupid mom if you cant stay i this big home then go outside and stay on street but don’t disturb me

bye……………

Mom remain silent and wave goodbye to her son;

Mom remain alone in the house for a long time and now there is almost midnight still her son not back from the party she called her husband and her husband also didn’t replied to her call …Its almost 4:00 clock in the morning and her son returned from the party almost drunk and could not balance his position at all. He could not even enter his house, he sat there in a corner because he has no sense at all at that time

Security-Madam your son is lying outside of your house please take him in

Mom-In a nervous tone said yes wait I am coming,

Mom in that place taking up his son while Deep said;

Deep-leave me you old lady;

Mom just somehow manage to hold him and took in her house.

Next Day;

Mom-you Drunk and came last night, you are so disobedient;

Deep- A hmm Hmm no actually my friends told so……..

Mom-so, what do you mean by so(She cried)and she said my son you are only my last hope so please don’t do anything wrong from next time. I love you my son

Deep-oh come on mom stop your idiotic dramas….

And he went to his bedroom

That night again the same thing occurred and it occurred again in next day…..like this it lasted for 1 week,

One day mother burst out and said :

Mom-(In angry voice) enough!!! enough is enough now its out of limit, what is wrong with you every day with same thing. I am going to call your father if this thing goes on any more.

Deep-call, nobody cares about what you say so call anyone you like;

Mom-(very angry) Deep enough! you are crossing your limits, what do you think of yourself that you can do whatever you feel but not in my house.

Deep-oh stop your nonsense conversation, you know what nobody like you cause you are a bad women what do you think about yourself that you can judge me. mom listen, i don’t like you at all so you are there or not there i don’t care…just simply,don’t care

Mom-So if i die also today you will not care for me

Deep-  No….

The scene ended over there and in next morning he called his mother but here was no response he called his mother again very angrily to give him some money but his mother was no more he saw his mother sleeping forever….

He called his father and remain outside of his house………..

__END__

