Suspense Short Story – Twin Sisters

Photo Credit: 

I felt very dizzy when I woke up from my bed. My Head pains as if millions of thorns pricked into my head. I struggled to breath and finally got up from my bed. It’s strange that no one is around me in my bedroom. I slowly started to remember how my husband and my two children used to take care of me when i was sick for the past two weeks. Everything flashed into my mind like a dream. I’m Sruthi and Karthik is my husband, we were married 5 years ago. I just wonder how Karthik even loved a nerd like me in our college days leaving my twin sister Preethi.

Yes. I and Preethi are twin sisters. We both joined in a same college after our high school studies. She is kind of jolly type and easy going girl. Most people like her easily than me and in my case I always read books. She used to call me a book worm and of course she is right. Karthik is the one who proposed me first, he studied in the same college but he is our senior.

It was only Preethi’s idea to accept his love. I’m not sure that whether I can love him. But I obeyed my sister and accepted his love. Thanks to Preethi. It was she who brought a wonderful caring man in my Life. My life went so beautiful blessed with two kids. It was until last week my happiness got shattered as I got bedridden and fall sick. Many Doctors worked a lot to diagnose my sudden illness and started to give treatment. I’m seduced often with pills to get relieve from my pain. My twin sister and karthik prayed a lot and they cared me all the time.

Now I wonder why there was no one in the room when I woke up. I noticed that sweet flower fragrance filled the room. I tried to get up from the bed. It was longtime I hardly moved from my bed without Karthik and Preethi since I got bedridden. I managed to get up and start to fall as if someone shoved me from behind. I grabbed the wall and started moving slowly. I realized some unusual silence prevailed in my room. I felt something wrong has happened but I convinced myself. “Everything is okay. I want to give a surprise to my husband. He will be very happy to see me that I’m normal. Yes I’m feeling lot better.”

I came near the bedroom door and the pull the handle. I have no strength to pull and I felt myself so thin floating in air. I wonder how long I was asleep and may be my dizziness is because of the pills. To my surprise the door is not closed. I opened the door and want to shout that I’m back.

I passed the doorway and reached the living room. At that very moment I could not believe my eyes after seeing the scene in the room. Many of my relatives gathered the room for my sister funeral. “Oh my god! How this ever happened? I can’t believe my eyes.  It was Preethi who lied on the floor with a white cloth closed her body. The room is filled with people mourning. I literally fall on her body and started to cry. I saw Karthik at the corner of the room consoling my children. I can really say how my children love my sister. She is their favorite.

I ran over Karthick and started to shove him hard. ”How on earth this ever happened? ” For how many days I have been seduced. Why don’t you wake me up?  Is that you planned to finish of all funeral rituals without me.” He went ahead of me and said something to his friend. He acted as if I don’t exist. I could see no one came to speak with me. May be they are too sorry to speak. I felt alone in a crowd. I hugged my children. “My dear ones, Mom is there. Aunt Preethi is too tired to wake up. She is now going to a hospital. She will be back soon.” But they too ignored me.

I yelled standing in the middle of the room. “What’s going on here? I’m actually was sick not dead.” But to my shock, everyone just passed ahead of me. I cried falling on the floor. A dark shadow fall on the floor where I was rested. It’s a Lady and her face is familiar. “Who is it?” The room is so bright and I struggled to adjust my eyes to the brightness. All I could see is people started carrying the body outside.

The lady I saw plunged to follow them. Everyone started to follow them and someone called her as “Preethi  Stop. I know how you feel. But you please stay here and take care of Sruthi’s children”.

I was stunned to understand that the body they are carrying is none other than me. Fumes of white light fall from the sky to carry away from my soul. I watched from long distance on the sky people carrying my body away. But I didn’t felt sad when Preethi holds my children with care.

__END__

