Family Story – Gym and Mum

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Gym teachers teach physical education to students in kindergarten through 12th grade, focusing on physical activities suitable for each grade level. The National Association for Sport and Physical Education (NASPE) says that physical education is important for students because it helps them develop the tools they need to live a healthy, active lifestyle. As a gym teacher, you would help foster this goal by teaching teamwork and social skills, improving students’ physical coordination, and providing feedback on students’ performance in these and other areas. “

“We got a new Gym Teacher.” Robin said with joy.

He is studying in the village’s Elementary School.

“What’s your Gym teacher’s name?” Robin’s mother asked.

“Our new mum is Mary.” Robin said.

He say mum for madam. So Robin’s mother understood that his new PG teacher is Mary Mum.

“What did your mum taught today?”

“Mum, it is a new game called STATUE*!”

(*Statue also called red light, green light (US) or grandmother’s footsteps (UK), is a popular children’s game, often played in Australia, Finland, Sweden, and the United States. How the game is played varies throughout different regions of the world.)

“I see. Robin, can you tell me how to play this game?” Robin’s mother asked with curiosity.

Robin’s mother Katherine is a house wife and she is hearing about this game first time.

“It is very simple mum. Stand still while mum says STATUE. You should not move from your place and you must stand like a statue. When Mary Mum says RELAX, You can move. It is very lovely Game.” Robin said with a lot of joy.

Then Robin and his mother started playing the game “statue” every day in the backyard of the house.

Katherine grows different types of vegetables there. It is her favorite place. This place is always green with many plants and bushes.

Few days passed. Rains started. School is closed. Robin wants to play STATUE. His mother Katherine finished her work in kitchen. She wants to satisfy her son by playing Statue game.

It is a rainy day. Rain stopped. The sky is red with Sunset.

Katherine and Robin are playing with full joy. Robin’s joy filled great joy in Katherine’s eyes.

All of a sudden, Katherine saw a snake coming from a bush. It is heading towards Robin. Robin is running ahead. Katherine wants to stop Robin. So she cried “Statue” and Robin stopped immediately. He stood like a statue. The snake also stopped.

Katherine ran towards the snake while the snake is looking Robin only.

Katherine sees nothing but only the snake and she is determined to save the life of Robin. She caught the tail of the snake and with force she hurled the snake in to a bush in distance.

The snake went away. Katherine did not want to kill the snake as she knows that snake may bite with fear of being attacked and killed by men.

Robin did not know what happened in his back. He stood like a statue and breathing is also not coming freely.

“Relax” Robin’s mum said.

Robin turned back and looked at his mother who is filled with sweat. Her face is wet with sweat.

Nothing makes us to deny the fact that women play no fewer roles than men in our society.

 Women are caretakers of family and they build the career of sons and daughters. This fact makes us believe that they are none but the backbone of any family and also the society. If they are seen and brought as men, may be they will be better caretakers of the society. They should be given chance to work like men and kitchen-care is not the by birth right of women. Men cannot do all that women can do, so elderly woman of a family is the head of the family. Women have more duties than rights and women always try to do for the benefit of society by building better citizens. What is in your mind?

–END–

