It happens usually that in schools or colleges ,when we take part in some competition, then our those peers who are not capable to participate or to win in that competition  start demotivating us and as a result either we don’t participate in the competition or we fail to win in that competition. Sometimes when we are preparing for exams and studying in front of our peers ,they start teasing us and as a result ,our concentration diverts from studies resulting in poor performance in exams.

Peers, those people who belong to our age, our class, our school or they work with us. Peers play a very important and special role in our lives ,either we can say in a positive way or in a negative way, it depends upon how we react to them. Especially , in schools and colleges, we got many friends ,all of our age group. And all of them have a special bond with us. So it is almost impossible to get disconnected to them or to ignore them. Therefore how they behave and whatever they say leaves a great impact on our minds,maybe for lifetime. Therefore it is necessary to have a good peer group.

Peer pressure may be referred to as that pressure that we feel from our peer group. Either in games or sports or in studies. This pressure can also be positive or negative and so is its impact on our minds. Sometimes in the force of peer pressure we achieve so much achievements that one cannot imagine and sometimes due to the same peer pressure, we even lose those achievements which we deserve to achieve. therefore we can say that peer pressure can act in both positive and negative way.

All that one has to do to cope with the ill effects of peer pressure is to ignore such type of behavior. Those friends who are demouring you by challenging your capabilities must be ignored.

It doesn’t mean that one should not make friends. a student’s life contains a very important role of friends. If you’ve got no one to share your feelings with then you may get depressed. It is therefore necessary to make good friends.

It is not always necessary that peer pressure act in a negative way only. It depends upon us that in which way we take it. Having peers is a good thing but having negative peer pressure is bad. So all you have to do is either ignore them or take that pressure in a positive way in order to touch the skies of successes.

–END–

