Story of Extramarital Affair Romance: Friendship won over Desire

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

He held her tight. His arms engulfing her body. One arm wrapped around her heaving bosom and other holding her and pulling her close to himself from her waist. He pulled her closer with every breath he took. Trying to absorb her, her scent, her skin, her body into his. This was it. This was what he longed for. This was what he wanted. He wanted to love her. He wanted to have every bit of her.

They have known each other for almost a year now. But it was from last four months that they started working together. She was owner of a flamboyant persona. Tall brunette with curves at all the right places. Her confidence just added that extra charm to her sensuous body. She had the ideas which would win even the toughest pitch. She was head strong and well aware of her capabilities and yes, of her physical assets too. Although she always dressed in formal shirts and knee length skirts, the way the dress hugged her curves would make every man around throb.

He was in his early forties but would give top-models a run for their money.  He was not only tall and well built with chiseled features that Greek gods are made of but also had that sophistication and  calm composure of being the best in his work. He was known for his eye for detail in work and his kind and chivalrous attitude. But the man was nevertheless a man of very limited words outside his work. His few and limited words would give you all the details you could ask for. He was the best there was. His in-depth knowledge and his confidence in his work added to his sex appeal. People longed to work under him, The girls around would kill to be his protege. He made them quiver. He knew that.

They started working together on one the toughest pitch for their agency. It was to get the global tie up for commercials of a Fortune 500 company. Needless to say, they had a tough competition and hence had to work extra hard. The team meetings, the one liners, the artwork, all started months before the client meeting. Long work hours were usual. The team was used to of such an work environment.

There was something in those team meetings. The way he looked at her, his eyes always trying to say something. She had caught him staring at her often, and he won’t even blink when their eyes met. His persona, his deep voice was always pulling her closer to him. They had a sexual tension built up between them. They never knew when they started staying extra hours even after meeting was over just to be near each other, extra clarifications, discussions on new ideas. And if not talking, then just looking at each other with such passionate desire.

They bagged the MNC account with their amazing team work. Their chemistry seemed to work quite well. He threw a party at his place for all team members. This was the last day they would be working together as he was leaving for London soon. He wanted her to be close to him somehow.

The party was at his penthouse suite. The cocktails were flowing for a couple of hours between a whole range of appetizers and a delectable spread of delicacies. Everyone appreciated the food as much as they appreciated the collection of artifacts he had. The balcony served as the dance floor as everyone ended up dancing after a point of time. Everyone enjoyed the music and danced away but them. They were still at a distance. Their eyes met a couple of times. They spoke not through words but with their eyes. All the excitement and backed up emotions finally took over, he went closer and pulled her onto the dance floor. They had a slow dance in spite of the fast music being played.

He held her waist lightly, her hands resting on his shoulders. They moved slowly in their own rhythm. Their eyes locked. It may be the atmosphere or the effect of alcohol, nobody seemed to notice what other were doing. The heat was building up. He can sense her bosom heaving now. She took her eyes off him. He slightly moved his right arm upwards from her waist, grazing her back towards her neck. He gently removed the strands of hairs which were covering her neck and moved closer. She almost closed her eyes in excitement when she realized the presence of her colleagues and moved away from him. She blended into the dancing crowd. When she looked back at him, he was staring at her with an expression of a small kid whose favourite toy is taken away from him. He looked at her and then went back to the bar trying to mellow down his emotions with alcohol.

After a while, people started to leave. Her friends asked if she needed a ride home, his eyes turned to her to know her response and had a strange sparkle when she said she has got her car. He knew she came in a cab. He watched her get down from the cab, that meant she was lying. Maybe she wanted to stay as well. Gradually everyone left. She bid goodnight to the last of her colleagues and said she would stay back for some time and help him clean before leaving.

He went ahead and bolted the door. It was only two of them now. When he turned she wasn’t there. He looked for her in the adjacent room with no luck. When he headed to the balcony, there she was standing at the far corner. The wind blowing in her hairs, the slit in her dress revealing  a little more of her toned thighs. He was breathing heavily now as he moved closer to her. She sensed his presence and turned slowly towards him. His eyes were savoring every bit of her, and she felt his gaze moving on her body. From her eyes to her lips, her neck to her bosom, her waist to her exposed thigh. She was heaving heavily, her gaze fixed on his eyes. This was all he could handle. He grabbed her and kissed her moist lips. She held the railing of the terrace to handle the pressure of his immense body on her. Enjoying every bit of it. Her hands now holding his face, pulling him closer. His hand grazing all over her. Their mouth wet with saliva, yet not getting enough of the kiss. They just knelt under their passion. Its when they went breathless that they broke the kiss. He held her close to his body, could feel her chest moving with every breath. . She just couldn’t take it anymore. She pulled herself away from his grip.

She walked towards the living room with slow steps and heavy breathing. She was still trying to figure out what happened. As she stepped inside, he pulled her from behind. He held her tight. His arms engulfing her body.  He pulled her closer with every breath he took. Trying to absorb her, her scent, her skin, her body into his. She turned around and hugged him. He carried her to the adjacent room and put her on the bed.  Her eyes were closed. She wanted to feel every bit of it.  When she opened her eyes and got up to kiss him, that one moment changed everything.

She noticed the room around her. She was looking around her while he was busy taking his clothes off. She couldn’t go any further with it. She put on her dress, grabbed her purse and made her way to the door. He kept asking what happened. She left him there halfway, confused and almost naked. She left him in his bedroom, whose walls were adorned with photos of his family, His wife and kids laughing at a beach, his wedding photo, photo where he held his pregnant wife, a card probably made by his son with the words “World’s greatest Dad” written on it.

The realization that she was making out with a married man, a father, a husband, just dawned at her. She almost ran out of the building. Just as she got in a taxi, her phone buzzed, his name displayed on the screen. She switched off her phone and closed her eyes, in an attempt to forget everything. It was the face of his wife which she couldn’t forget. It was the same lady she has been meeting every day at her gym. She has helped that lady in getting back in shape, as that lady wanted to win her husband’s love back. They went shopping together, and she helped the lady with grooming tips, over the days they have become good friends and no matter what she wouldn’t ruin that friendship for anyone. She can’t be the person who would ruin her own friends marriage, or anyone else for that matter.

__END__

