Friends Short Story – What Made You do This, My Best Buddy?

Friends Short Story – What Made You do This, My Best Buddy?

Our friend Samantha, popularly called as the natural beauty in her college, was a simple and very straight-forward girl. She was loved by everyone for her good qualities. This helped her have so many friends irrespective of they being juniors or seniors. As everyone has a special and best buddy amongst this lot she too had her best-buddy, named Diana. Diana was senior to Sapna. Diana was a beautiful, dedicated and hard-working girl. Like Samantha, she too was very popular for her qualities and had many friends. Soon they became friends and went on to become best-buddies, such that the entire college was aware of it.

It was 20th of May 2007, one of the hottest summer mornings in the calender of the city Chennai. Samantha was alone at home. She was on cloud nine singing songs, symbolic of her happiness, as it was her best-buddy’ birthday.

Samantha was living-in a typical Indian middle-class home. On that day in her, 10 by 10 living room with a sofa accompanied by two-chairs, a tea-table with a TV infront of it and the sofa on the back of it. Arranged in such a manner so that humans can walk around.

The sun-rays were blazzing through the windows in the living room. This made the room lit-up. Our friend Samantha picked-up her cellphone kept on the tea-table and scrolled through the contacts to call her best-buddy to wish her happy birthday. Her exicement, enthusiasm, her heart-beat all were increasing. She ranged her best-buddy with this sky-rocketting energy. She wished her Happy birthday just to find her friend say that,

“I don’t want your wishes. You will not call me nor meet me from here on. You are no more my friend. Everything is over between us. ”

Then there was a sound tu-tu-tu, symbolic of the call getting disconnected. It was a shocker for our friend Samantha. She felt as if her sky-rocketting exitement, enthusiasm, and herself got sub-merged under the mother Earth. She fell back on the sofa behind her. She was so terribly hurt that she was unable to make out what really had wrong and there was no one to support her at that time.

After an hour from the shock she managed to re-assemble herself, as every friend will think she too thought that her friend will soon ring-up and explain her as to what she was going through and what made her say that. As an author I shall say that our friend’s wait has out-beaten the emotion called Patience. As our friend’ only question,

“What made you say this, my best buddy?”, remaind unanswered till date.

I being an empathiser was able to analyse that Our friend Samantha has changed forever such that she cut-down her talks with her other friends. The reason being everyone ask her about her best-buddy and why aren’t they talking. She herself was perplexed and still searching for an answer. She hardly picks any call on her cell phone. She has not made another best-buddy, thereafter. So I arrived at a conclusion that she has lost hope in friendship.

Later, when I became aware of our friend’s real feelings I was speechless. Her answer was,

“I love my best buddy so much that I don’t want someone else to take her place in my life. She will always be my best-buddy, whether she considers me one, or not.”

I am amazed to find such a loving friend in this mean world. Our friend, Samantha, has changed to a hopeful and loving friend and not to a hateful friend as I mis-understood. Hope our search-engines had an answer for her this question and solved this mystery forever. I pray to the almighty that these two girls be made, the best-buddies again. I hope that by reading this short-real-story, these girls will again become the best-buddies forever.

__END__

