Short Story of Friends FOREVER

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hi, This is Sruthi..joined here today” i said

“Hello this is Guru Prasad, same here” he said

“Is the faculty going to be good here?” My doubt

“lets see,as the brand NIIT says”..He cleared

Well, i have met Guru for the first time in NIIT dot net classes where i had joined after my B.tech. Just like everyone else i was also in search of job and when the trials were in vain i had to forcefully join those classes. The institute was good and the faculty was also better.

Guru is a very reserved kinda guy, he never use to talk to any girl. But his nature was very good and decent. Everyday i use to disturb him after class by asking ‘n’ number of questions. He use to feel a bit uneasy with the way i use to ask but somehow he used to help me out. Whenever there use to be a lab timing i use to sit beside him for executing the commands. Shifting my mind to software suddenly from the electrical part was a bit difficult for me as i have done my B.tech in Electrical n Electronics.

As the days passed by we got close to each other and started coming to know about each other. Guru was not initially open to his thoughts but slowly he started sharing things. He is very determined person and well mannered guy. His thinking was matured and he was not like other guys. He never use to lie.

The closeness grew between us and we use to chat daily and almost used to meet at least once in day. There was not even a single topic was left which we were not used to discuss. We use to discuss about everything.

You all must be in an impression that we both are this much close and must have fell for each other, but…NO. This was the beauty of our friendship. We use to talk about love but we were true friends. We never had any such sort of feelings for each other. I was very much lucky to get a friend like him cos i use to share everything with him. If god has gifted me a family the same way he had gifted me my friend ”Guru”. He is very sweet, understands well and accepts me the way i am. He criticises me in every step and guides me for the right path. Never gets annoyed by my deeds and rather helps me out in every aspect of my life.

He had always regret that he is not able to enjoy his life at fullest. He was very sincere but was a bit confused in taking decisions. Our classes at NIIT finished but we both could not succeed in finding a job. We were in great confusion about our next step in life. We use to sit and discuss about career. Months passed by and we finally decided to go for AUTO CAD classes which we found a bit funny as were switching to different options based on the market requirements.

Guru never had a feeling that he should spend hours together with me and neither i had that. We were simple  and confined to our thoughts and deeds. Whenever my birthday use to be there he use to surprise me with his innovative ideas.

Friendship is one of the greatest among all relations which makes us feel comfortable in every stage of life and being a friend like you is much more than a blessing.

One day i had got a job and i had to leave that place, he was missing me and the times which we had spent. I was also missing him for everything. He was so caring that he use to check each and every path in which i was going and warn me if that was wrong. Even after joinng the job he has sent me lots of good wishes and we use to be in touch everyday.

After coming from office, I use to tell him about the whole day whatever i had done. About my office,colleagues and work. He use to guide me if i was not comfortable with situations. he is my giude and philosopher. Blessed to have him in my life. Hours together we use to share our personal issues.

Every time when i use to visit home, i use to meet him specially. He used to come to railway station and received me with a chocolate as that was my favourite:). Unlike other girls and boys we were not crazy.

It is said that a boy and girl cannot stay as friends forever but we both have proved that. The divinity of our friendship makes me proud always when i look back 7 years down from now. I wish our friendship should blossom each day with different colors and shades and prove that it is divine.

Hope this friendship will continue as long as we are alive and create a lot of memories in the coming years ahead.

–END–

