Friends Short Story – You brought me back

Photo credit: 

 from 

HE is someone special to me. We like each other, enjoy each others’ company to the fullest but he is not my boyfriend. Actually considering him as my boyfriend would be an insult to our relation because its something beyond love and more than friendship…

We are BESTIES. Best buddies with no expectations and no demands from each other.

Everything else in my life had changed except him. I had stopped loving myself as I had started loving my work. This corporate world had kept me so busy that I had forgotten that I had a world outside my office and files. I got so tired after working day in and day out that I could never compromise my sleep, not even on my birthday. But, exceptions are always there and it is HIM.

.

 I was on my bed with my mind wandering like a hind in the forest of thoughts.

 Suddenly my cell buzzed and displayed ‘BESTIE calling’. I  picked it up.

HE: So what’s up birthday girl? Just one hour to go and it will be your day, your birthday.

Me: Please, I don’t like that day at all and don’t even want anyone to wish me. So, sharp at 12am I’m gonna switch off my cell.

HE: No you won’t do it.

Me: Yeah, I will!

He disconnected the call abruptly. I  was about to switch off my cell, when again I received his call. As soon as I picked it up to show HIM my annoyance I heard a kid’s voice repeating the same words as he was being instructed.

 “Hepi budday! aap apna phone band mat kalna aaj. aapko sulpliez milega . aap kanjus ho…”

My frown automatically turned into laughter. It was the magic of a child’s innocence.

HE: Now madam, stop laughing and I will be the first one to wish you so don’t you dare switch your cell off. Rather, you put it beneath your pillow so that in case you fall asleep, you may wake up by its vibration.

Me: Ok as you wish, sir. Bye see you.

I disconnected the call. My mind got busy guessing what could be the surprise. It was midnight and my cell buzzed. I expected HIM but I was wrong.

My cell displayed “Shruti calling…”. I received it happily and I said “ Happy budday Bhawna…”.

She laughed at my prank and replied, “ Arre I know its your  birthday and let me wish you pagal… I guess I’m the first one to wish you because its still two minutes to 12:00. Hahaha….”

What followed was a short conversation between us with a long series of “hahahaha…”. It was dot 12:00 and Bestie’s call was on wait. I quickly excused myself from Shruti telling her that my other friends are on wait. As soon as I put her off, my cell beeped showing a text from HIM, “Sh*t yaar! I didn’t happen to be the first one” .

“Doesn’t matter to me dear… just one wish of yours will make my day.” I texted HIM back.

My cell buzzed again, I picked up. It was my sister wishing me. Again He was on wait… (hahaha…). After her, nearly ten to fifteen friends of mine wished me except HIM because everytime HE was “ON WAIT”!!!

I was really enjoying the situation.

The sweet conversations with all my friends really made me feel good, feel something special about me.

The clock struck one. I called him but he disconnected it and sent me a message saying.. “Already I’m the last one, so I’m not gonna wish u!”.

“But I want to talk to u…”, I replied.

My cell buzzed and so did my heart out of happiness. I attended the call with a broad smile on my face.

Me: Happy budday!!

He: So silly you are! Arre pagal today is your birthday… ye v yaad dilau kya???

Me: I know and since, it’s my birthday so everyone should be happy then only I can be happy…so HAPPY BUDDAY BESTIE… You know what, I am so happy as, I had a sweet chit-chat with my childhood friends , my school friends , my cousins and now I am talking to you. Last year, I had switched off my cell, in a similar way that I was going to follow today and so never experienced such a delight of getting wished by everyone I love.

He: So my first surprise worked out. I am also happy for you. The day has just started madam, just go on watching and enjoying your day.

I was pleasantly astonished by his words. Yeah, it was indeed a very superb SULPLIEZ as assured by the kid. I was smiling at myself thinking that had I switched off my cell, I had never been able to feel so blessed and so special. I realized that so many friends of mine were waiting just to wish me. I felt the sweet essence of importance that I have in their life. With these thoughts in my mind I didn’t come to know when sleep wrapped myself in its strong arms.

I could feel my cell vibrating underneath my pillow. Well, I knew it was none other than HIM. I pressed the green button.

HE: Dumbo, come to your balcony.

Me: But why? I’m sleepy (opening the door to my balcony).

And there HE was on his white bike singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY in whispers as every other person in the locality was sleeping. I immediately ran downstairs to the main gate, to HIM, taking care of not disturbing my family members.

“Why are you here?” I asked.

“To invite you for a date”

“But, I ain’t your girlfriend.”

“But you are a beautiful girl and my best friend too. Well, I’m not asking you to go out with me, instead I’m telling you that you will have to come. I will be waiting. So, see you at Wonder Vaatika sharp at four o’ clock in the evening.” , and he drove off.

I couldn’t deny his invitation as it was useless to argue with HIM.

Sharp at four in the evening, I walked up the stairs of Wonder Vaatika wearing the same dress which HE had gifted me when he had received his first salary. Both of us played a special role in each other’s life, the role of being each other’s 

As soon as I pushed open the door, Rina came and hugged me. Then one by one all my batchmates. Well, each and everyone wasn’t there but they were many.

“How come you all here? I mean I’m just….” I stammered.

“…surprised? Isn’t it? Well, your BESTIE has arranged everything.” Rina cleared my doubt.

“But, where is he??” I enquired.

“Hope you liked the surprise madam”, HE whispered in my ears from my back.

I turned around to find HIM standing with the birthday cake, and hugged him,

“Thank you so much. Its just awesome”, and I pulled myself back.

HE presented me a 

 and asked, “ Will you be my friend forever? You were lost somewhere.”

I took the 

, ran my index finger over the cake to collect its cream, touched his nose and with watery eyes I said “ YES, forever. I was lost but, you brought me back”.

Love has different forms and one of them is 

.

__END__

