Friends Short Story – WORLD OF UNKNOWN

Image © Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Hari was feeling rather depressed. He was in his room, the early evening sun filtering through the golden curtain of his window had brightened the coloured bed sheet but not his mood. It was solemn. Thinking over the events of the morning in his college he cringed.

Totally unexpected response from his friend Tina to his confession of love for her was a shock.

She had said “….. I don’t know why you keep pestering me with your love when you know very well that I love Rohan ….. for your kind information I shall marry him.  You, as his friend, are welcome to our marriage party ….  that’s it. .. but for God’s sake do not disturb me”

That Tina loved Rohan, his best friend, was something that had really shaken Hari.

He had then pleaded to Tina, trying to convince her about his undying love but to no avail. Tina wanted Rohan and not him!

With a heavy heart he had left her looking for Rohan. Perhaps Rohan knew about his love for Tina. He couldn’t be sure how Rohan felt for Tina. In any case he was sure that Rohan was the only person who could help him.

Hari went through the college premises, the canteen and those hangouts where Rohan could be found, but he could not trace him. Somebody however told him that Rohan had gone home on some urgent errand, perhaps his father was unwell.

Thoroughly disheartened Hari reached his hostel room and was moodily contemplating what he should do next. He was also surprised that Rohan was not taking his mobile calls.

Suddenly he heard a knock on his door. He was pleasantly surprised to see Rohan standing in the doorway.

“Where have you been? Hari asked. “I have been looking high and low for you and how come you are not taking my calls? “

Rohan, looking sad and dishevelled with a tired voice said “Hari, I am sorry but many things have happened so I couldn’t take your call.”

Hari said ”I heard your father is not well , how is he? “

“He is fine” Rohan smiled wanly, “but I have come to tell you something else”

“What about“ Hari leaned forward, he did not like Rohan’s face, which looked pale and sick. “Hope you are fine?  You don’t look too good!  Shall I get you a cup of coffee?”  He looked at the mantle clock which showed 5.43 pm.  He knew that the local coffee shop opened at 6.00 pm from where he could order coffee.

“No need, I am fine Hari” replied Rohan, “I wanted to tell you that Tina is very sick and you need to go to her hostel immediately”

Hari was immediately concerned “What happened to her? Let us go together!”

“No, I have some other place to go” said Rohan “you please go there right away and check out, there is no time to lose“. He caught hold of Hari’s hand with pleading eyes and an urgency which propelled Hari to action.

Within next five minutes Hari was out of his room taking his bike and driving fast towards Tina’s hostel. It took him about ten minutes to reach her hostel.

Her room was closed. He knocked but there was no response. He waited and knocked again and still not getting any reply, banged the door. Suddenly he heard a cry from inside the room, most certainly that of Tina’s, and he did not wait. With his shoulders he forced the door open and bounded inside.

At first he could see nothing due to dim lights and drawn curtains but then he saw with horror that Tina was attempting to hang herself from the ceiling fan in the middle of the room. Swiftly he moved and caught hold of her dangling legs and lifted her. She struggled initially but with his strength Hari held her firmly and then gently brought her down to the ground. She cried again and went into a delirium. Hari with soothing words tried to calm her.

Minutes passed and gradually Tina calmed down, her sobbing subsided to a sigh. Hari gave her a glass of water and made her lie on the bed.

He held her hand and asked her gently “Why Tina why? What is the reason? Why do you want to take your life? What is your grief? “

Tina again started weeping hysterically “ I do not want to live … I have nothing to live….. Rohan is dead…he will never come back to me…God help me!!” She turned away!

“What! “ Hari exclaimed. “How can that be?  Just about half an hour ago Rohan had come to my room and told me that you are sick and so I should come to you… How can that be possible?”

Tina turned and sat up, her eyes wide and tears swelling in “You do not know, Rohan has died in a road accident around noon today near the Chowk?”

“But” Hari stared aghast “that is not possible!!”

Tina shook her head and insisted that she herself had seen the dead body of Rohan about three hours ago in the hospital. He was no more!

Slowly the bizarre facts dawned upon both of them.

Rohan had come to Hari, not in his physical self but in his ethereal self to ask him to save Tina. Dead Rohan knew Tina was attempting suicide because of him!

This had no logical or possible answer, this was from another world! The world of unknown!!

__END__

