Five years have passed when Akhil,Samar,Mohit and Rahul finished their graduation together. All four were bestest of friends. They bunked classes together, spend lots of time in canteen. Out of four, Akhil was intelligent and bright in studies. He wanted to become engineer and fulfil his parent’s dream.

Half the decade passed, the boy gang ,though living in same city had not met each other. Where Akhil got admission in one of the top engineering college, Samar was carrying out his late father’s garment business unhappily as he wanted to pursue his career in sports. Where Rahul was searching for a job, Mohit on other hand was living a lavish life by spending unlimited money, as his father was one of the country’s leading businessman.

One fine day, a sudden call from Mohit created wave of happiness among the three friends,as he invited them to celebrate his birthday on his personal yacht. Everybody got very excited as they all will be meeting each other after so many years.

It was a bright and sunny day, with cool breeze adding more charm in the weather. All the arrangements were made. As Mohit was studying the safety measures of the sea journey, far away he saw Akhil,Samar,Rahul coming towards his yacht. With huge hugs and smiles on every face, all four greeted each other in the same way as they used to do in college.

“It’s been a very long time since we all met. What say boys!”Rahul titilliated.

“Wishing you a very happy birthday brother”all three shouted together and started giving birthday bumps to the bratty boy of the gang.

“Thank you boys for coming and making my birthday even more special” said teary eyed Mohit.

They started their very special journey by having a can of beer.

“But before getting started,hope you all know there is a danger zone at a particular point on this sea”cautioned Akhil.

“You don’t worry champ,” Mohit intervened,”you all are in safe hands. And now..let the party begin!” as he started to turn the steering wheel of the yacht.

Treating the friends on the beautiful white yacht sailing on the crystal blue water was a perfect idea. Four of them were having a gala time, talking, eating and teasing each other. Time just flew and it started becoming evening.

“Hey guys! It’s time to go back” Samar exclaimed as he checked time in his watch.

“Mr Sailor,turn your ship’s wheel and take us back home”winked Rahul.

Very little did the pals knew that they are going to encounter life-threatning challenges ahead.

Unknowingly,Mohit had crossed that danger zone which Akhil had warned earlier.When Mohit realized this,he informed his friends and all of them decided to take a turn immediatley.Unfortunately,while taking turn,the yacht all of a sudden got stopped. The boys now started fretting, but Akhil being wise among the group, calm everybody.

Helter-skelter, Mohit rushed to get tool box.

“Hey Rahul, get me this instrument from the tool kit”ordered Mohit.

As Rahul was about to pick the box,he slipped and toppled in the sea water.

“Rahul!”all three screached together.

Panic Rahul, started shouting for help. Meanwhile, Samar rushed inside yacht to get safety kit to rescue Rahul. Neither Akhil nor Samar knew how to swim,only Mohit could help his friend as he knew swimming. It took long time for Samar to search for the safety kit.

Akhil yelled on top of his voice”Rahul! Look there a shark!.It is coming towards us”.

Helpless Rahul got numbed and didn’t understood what to do.Unable to find safety kit, Akhil got a rope and threw it down in water to Rahul. Paranoid Rahul was unable to grab the rope.

“Hurry up Rahul, get the rope, as the shark is right behind you”, shouted all the friends.

With a jerk,Rahul got the hold of the rope. Just about when shark was about to swallow Rahul,he was pulled up by his friends.

“Just a fraction of second,otherwise we woud have loose our dear friend”panted Samar.He continued”May be this was the reason,that we should not have crossed the danger point.”

“Get up Mohit and restart your yacht”said Samar.

All of them got up, overcoming from the shocking incident happened a while ago. Everybody trying their level best, but the yacht refused to get started. Due to no network,none of them could connect themselves to the city for help.

All of a sudden, Rahul heared a very loud sound of water. As he raised his head, he could see a high tide approaching towards them. Loosing all patience, the boys started shouting for help, but there was nobody who could come for their rescue.

Just when high tide was about to swallow the boys and their yacht, the engine started to funtion and Mohit with full energy turned the wheel of the yacht, overcoming the long lasting ordeal.

Everybody safely reached their destination.

Stil in the state of shock, the boy gang thanked each other and determined not to go back in water again.

–END–

