Me and My Friend Life – Friends Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story was started when I was in 3rd standard. That day I was in the mood of enjoyment when suddenly my friend Gunjan call me and told me ,

“hey Deeksha look that girl she is standing alone how sad it is. Shall we friendship with her?????”

and we had made friendship with her. She was not so sweet in nature but still something is in her is sweet who said me to made her a close friend.

After sometime when me, Gunjan and that girl became the good friends then me one of the good friend tried to vainish our friendship but still nothing happen and we become very close friends in this time I was in 4th standard.

But when some more time was spent my friendship get little bit week with that girl and that girl get closer to one girl whose name is natasha and i never tried to return her back. In this time we were in 6th standard.

Then when we came in 7th standard she join the coaching of our biology teacher Issec mam. After some time I was also join that coaching but in different batch. But sometime later mam made one batch of 7th standard student. And because of this batch we again get in touch with each other which again build the bond between us . In the same time I got crash on a boy who is my first n last crash of life.

First time I was meet him in the 2nd standard but still I never attract with him before 7th standard. I don’t know what happen that time why I attract with him that time. At a same time that girl also get attract with one boy whose name is Priyam. This thing she never share with any one except me and I also first accept my crash in front of her one thing which I never accept in front of any one is that I think he also crashed me in that time. I don’t know that what ever I think is true or it is just my ego to not except the truth. I think I don’t know because some time I think their is nothing in which could be liked by anyone then I thing why he notice me too much without any reason?????

Why there is so much complication in my life and how I manage them ????But its ok because it not effect my life so much and she was also not effected by that boy and we both were enjoy every moment of 7th. And made that class rememberable to all my friends and myself also.

Sometime when I lone alone then I think why this time crossing so fastly???why it never get stop for sometime in my childhood time?????? Then I suddenly thought if it get stop in that moment then how I can get experience about reality of this dirty world……

But still I have to say those moment are really wonderful moment of my life….

I always remember them…

remember them…

And remember them…

In the end I just want say you that this story is not get over there is something which broke our friendship for knowing the reason behind this and also for knowing the name of that girl name.

__END__

(please give me the comment on my story….and thank you)

