Friend Short Story – The Storyteller

Friend Short Story – The Storyteller

Photo credit: 

 from 

He walked. His name was Kahaanikaar, the Teller of Stories.  He trampled earth and existence beneath him, but it looked as though he didn’t notice. It would seem that his eyes were fixed almost lifelessly on his boots. Not true. He noticed everything that happened around him; but he 

 about next to nothing.

The storyteller will always have stories. He had told them far and wide, but right now, he needed to go home. Needed the sights, the sounds, the smells. The good and the bad. Both were ugly, both were stunning. He could almost believe that it was real: he could actually see the wooden windows, cracked with age; smell that strange, sharp smell that could mean nothing else. He fed himself on the feeling of home, and that had been enough to satisfy him. Until a while ago, perhaps, it had been enough.

The fields The Storyteller passed through now were empty, save for the waist-high, dry, yellow grass. He liked it that way. He didn’t understand most of the people he came across. Quite a few of them troubled him; nearly all of them puzzled him. So he kept away. He walked through that field much as he had through life: staring at nothing but the next step. The Kahaanikaar lived like his father, and father before him. He didn’t belong here; this was a man who belonged in a different world, an ancient one where promises were honoured and truth was the ultimate prize.

He could hear noises that he could only describe as silvery. The Storyteller didn’t pay them any attention. He knew they would be one two things: the leaves whispering their secrets to one another in the safety of the night, or the moon, whispering words of strength to a fellow traveller.

Instinct made the old Kahaanikaar look up. He could smell danger. Smoke, tears and fear. He could smell it.

The Kahaanikaar’s eyes focused on a spot in the distance. What he saw made him sink to his knees. Memories-some sorrowful, but most of them stunning-rushed through his mind, leaving it emptier than before. He looked as though he was calm, his features relaxed, his mind was at peace. Quietly, he watched his home burn.  His eyes reflected the fire as they told a story of passion and a dark, deadly beauty.

__END__

