Tarun, Arvind and Vijay became friends in GITAM university, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India. They came to attend their convocation day. Arvind and Vijay were gossiping, while Tarun was absorbed in his own thoughts. Arvind looks at Tarun and asks,”Vijay, what is guy thinking about”? “Let me guess. Aarti”? asks Vijay. Tarun looks at them with his eyes widened and pressing his lips. “Bro, today is the last day in here. What is your plan?” asks Arvind.

“I brought a bouquet”, says Tarun.

“Good choice. Go ahead”, say the other two in unison.

Tarun gets up and leaves. “Is he still afraid” ?

“Afraid about what, Arvind”? “The rejection thing, about Aarti rejecting him”? “It is a difficult thing to comment upon, I am not sure”.

Tarun searches for him when he hears a voice calling him”, Tarun, wait”. Tarun turns to his right and sees Aarti and Sanjay coming together. “Hi”.

“Tarun, here is an invitation card for you”. Tarun looks at her curiously.

“Aarti, he did not get it. You should come for our marriage”.

All of Tarun’s courage vanished. Tarun managed to smile at them. After they left, he went to his friends. Arvind asked, “Bro what happened”? Tarun came  and sat in a chair, slipped the bouquet from his hand. He gave the invitation card to his friends.

“What”? “She is getting married”?

“Guys, I am not able to think. I need some me-time”.

“Sure Tarun”. After he left Vijay said,”He is afraid, Arvind.

The next day was a Sunday so the trio planned to meet again”. “What’s the plan, Tarun”? “Let ‘s have a grand in the beach, bros”. “Finally, you are back”, said Vijay.

Two weeks later, the trio met at a cafe. Arvind and Vijay were chating about the convocation day, while Tarun was continuously staring at the sky”. “He is stuck somewhere, isn’t he Arvind”? “Tarun what is it”?

He took a book and placed it on the table”. “What is this”?

“Open the book first, Vijay”.

“What we should we do with physics text book of XII class? Anyways, no objections”. They opened the book. “Tarun, XII class, B section”. “Look over there Vijay, there’s another name”. “Priya”? Asked the duo. “You haven’t said anything about this girl. Who is she? When did you meet her?”

“I was in my 8th grade then. She was in 7th. For the first time, I met her in a bus. We did not speak much the first day but, as days passed by, I became communicative. Though I do not remember what I spoke, I didn’t realize that I got close to her at that time. She took my book for her 12th grade from my mother, which I came to know about later. I do not know why I remembered this but, I feel like meeting and getting close to her again”. “Are you not afraid of the rejection thing”? “I do not mind. I am leaving”.

Tarun left while Vijay said,” I don’t know whether she will say yes or no but, I am sure about one thing. He has found himself”.

–END–

