“When will you be back”? asked Sapna.

“I am not sure Sapna but will try to come as soon as possible”, I assured her.

“Only a month left now Sunil.  Is it really necessary for you to go at this time”?

“You know it is important and I want to try every possible way”.

“You have been trying from past three months.  What difference would it make now”?

“It would because this time I would be personally trying and don’t you worry Sapna I will be back on time”.

“You don’t know anything about her.  How will you be doing it”?

“I don’t know but I am sure I will find her”.

“My parents will be coming here to Madikeri next week.  What if they ask about you”?

“Do I have to teach you to handle these situations?  You are good at it”.

“You take care and drive safely.  Keep updating me, ok”?

“As per your command Mam”.

“I want you here at least a week before the wedding”.

I had to be back.  After all how could I miss my own wedding.  But finding her was also more important to me.  She had completely changed my life.  Sapna was right, I was trying to find her from past three months with no luck.  So now I have set out on my own with little information I had about her.

I am Sunil, aged 34, 6 feet tall, light brown eyes, fair complexion, medium built, short light brown hair, living in Bangalore.  I am a business man running my electronic industry that I inherited from my father many years back.  But over time I have worked really hard and built my own empire.  Lately I have also been awarded as the best businessman.

I had lost my mom when I was 5 years and about 10 years back I lost my dad as well from where I took over his business.  I never liked people who didn’t take life seriously until I met her.  She changed my perspective about life.  From a angry young man she had changed me to a soft hearted and caring person.

“Ok Sapna, I will call you once I reach Bangalore.  I know you will take care everything over here”.

“Be back soon Sunil.  Love you”.

Sapna is a wonderful person and best companion anyone could have.  She has brown eyes, black hair falling onto her shoulders, 5.8 tall, fair complexion and slim built.  She is aged 32, a successful interior decorator and runs her own firm.  I know her for past 5 years now and she has supported me in every aspect of my life.

Her dad is a well known advocate in Bangalore and her mom is a social worker.  Sapna has one elder brother who is into navy.  They all are wonderful people and always considered me one in their family.

I could have lost all this for the person I was if not for her.  That one day had a deep impact on me.  The memories from that day are still embedded in me.

All the memories of that day was coming back to me.  She was a totally carefree bird.  Till date I never understood how did she managed to come with me, a total stranger.  But now when I think I am glad that she came with me.

I had set out to search for her with ample information I had about her.  I know finding her is not an easy task but I also know that it is not an impossible task either.  I didn’t had her photo, didn’t know where she lived in Bangalore, didn’t had her contact number but still I hoped to find her.

“Hello”? I answered my phone.

“Hello Sir, Anurag here.  What time would you be reaching Sir”?

“I would be reaching around 5pm Anurag.  If you have any work, just the leave the house keys in my cabin.  You don’t have to wait for me’.

“I will be here till 6pm Sir”.

“Ok Anurag, see you then and I want those list of colleges as well”.

“Its ready Sir.  Not to worry”.

Anurag is a sincere and capable employee.  I had never recognised his hard work but he always did his job without any complaints.  He is very good at his job and managed everything very well.

Anurag is in his late 20s, 5.9 feet tall, medium built, not very fair complexion, black eyes, black hair short and trimmed and always well dressed.  He is basically from Kerala.  He is not married but is into relationship from past 7 years.  The girl is from different caste which is creating a problem in both of their families.  She is also working in some bank.  Anurag is the only son to his parents and belonged to middle class family who had come to Bangalore to have a better life.

I had told Anurag everything about her and even he had tried every possible way to find her with no luck.  But now I would turn the luck in my favour and track her down.

Lost in my thoughts I was about to hit a tree now.  She was right about enjoying the life to fullest.  Who knows what’s in store for us.  Her simple words had a deep meaning within.  The way she used to talk, it was hard to believe she was only 20 years old.

I was around 14 years elder to her but still didn’t know the exact meaning of life.  That one day spent with her taught me the essence of life.

“Hello”? I answered my call.

“Hey, how far to go”? asked Sapna.

“Another two or three hours”.

“You didn’t stop anywhere to revive”?

“Well I didn’t feel like.  The road was awesome to drive”.

“But still Sunil, you must give breaks.  Stop for a while and then start”.

“Ok ok, I will stop at some dhaba or small hotel to eat something”.

“Good, do stop ok.  Don’t stress yourself”.

“Sure, you take care.  I will call you once I am there”.

**

 Select Page below to Continue Reading…

