Friends Short Story – Passing Time

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was raised in a small village in New Mexico called Corrales, there was never much excitement there only the excitement that my friends and I had started. My name is Dustin and I want to share the stories of my friends and I. I was never what anybody called normal but that is what makes my stories so interesting.

One morning when I was fifteen, my day started off  just as any other day would, I had no idea that it would end with so much terror and excitement. I woke up early for school  and got ready like any other day. I said my goodbyes to my family and off to the bus stop I went. When I had arrived to the bus stop there was my friends Fabian , a tall and chubby Hispanic kid, and James, my short chubby white friend. The three of us always came up with new stupid plans to blow time before, after, and during school.

That morning wasn’t much different, I reached into my pocket and pulled out my little tin mint container that I had carried my marijuana and little copper pipe in. I asked if anybody wanted to smoke before school, of course they agreed and we sat behind a bush and started smoking and talking about what we could do after school. I had suggested going to the “Stoner Shack” which was a run down shed that we had discovered a few weeks back, we used it to sit around in, smoke, and have beers. James quickly shook his head, na we always do that. Lets go shoot the bb guns in the Mesa. Alright sounds fun I replied. Fabian made up an excuse like usual,  that his dad wanted him home after school, so it looked like it was just me and James after school.

We boarded the bus and headed to the back where we also made trouble. We sat down and each of us pulled out a bag of pennies that we had used to throw out at passing cars to pass the time on the way to school. It was a tradition that we had done since middle school, now that I look back I can say we were pretty stupid kids and it was a miracle that we never got caught and thrown off the bus.

After arriving to school we went off to our classes and didn’t see each other again until school had ended. The three of us met up again on the bus for the ride home I was relieved that the day was over and I was ready to go have some fun. We got back to the bus stop and walked back to my house to get my car that my parents let me drive around the block in, I couldn’t drive far because I didn’t yet have my license but it got me around to my friends houses. I took Fabian home because he had a long walk up the hill, then me and James got our bb guns;  loaded them up and was ready to go shoot things that we  found in the Mesa. Before we’d left  James had a brilliant idea to put quilting pins in the guns. Hmm sounded like a good idea to me, so we put a good amount of the pins in the legs of our pants so that we wouldn’t lose them.

The road next to ours was beside a large arroyo and wasn’t developed much yet. We drove around looking for things to shoot. First we saw a few cans that we could shoot so I pull over and we aimed and put a few bb’s into them, then we got bored shooting cans so he looks over at me and says lets shoot some quail my Grandmother can cook some up. I had never had quail before so I said lets do it.

We loaded our guns with the quilting pins and aimed but before we could shoot an unmarked vehicle pulled up behind us, my heart just stopped, I remember the expression on James face scared as ever. James yelled go! so I  drove as fast as I could until we hit a dead end. I turned around as fast as I could and sped back in the direction of the vehicle. I saw the hideous women in the car and now knew for a fact that it was a police officer, she had lived somewhere by where we were shooting, I recognized her black  police uniform and the panic began.

She had tried blocking the road and I quickly passed her and sped off and could barely see her in my rear view mirror. I knew if I went to the main road in Corrales I would be caught so I saw a dirt road leading to the arroyo, I turned quickly.. a bit too quickly my car slide into a large sage brush which slowed us down and gave the hideous officer a chance to catch up. James was panicking, begging me to get away because he had weed on him. I was speeding next to the arroyo then took the car air borne which we felt blow out all of my suspension.

All I could keep on saying was oh f**k. Then all of a sudden we had lost her again I had never been more relieved in my life, all I needed  to do was get into the city next to us and we were free. I saw her still coming up on us in my mirror I hit the gas and took a corner on to a paved road. Right when my tires hit the paved road I heard a weird sound and my car was maxing out at 30 miles per hour.

“You popped the tires off the beads we’re fu*ked” James yelled.

I pulled into the first street under a crime watch sign and got ready to run but before we had a chance the officer was behind us along with all of Corrales and Rio Rancho police all with there guns drawn. They yelled for us to step out of the vehicle I stepped out but James reached for his seat belt to take it off, the officers thought he was reaching for a gun so they got ready to shoot and yelled for him to put his hands up. He replied that he needs to take his seat belt off. Once we were both out of the vehicle we were tackled and patted down. Lucky for me I had a cop that didn’t have much common sense; he poked his finger on one of the pins in my pants, he quickly yells to the other cops assault! assault! call the medics to make sure that I’m not infected with anything.  I looked at James and said you have to be kidding me, and gave a laugh.

When we arrived to the police station, the police officers we’re rudely questioning us so I arrogantly started rudely answering the questions. I figured, come on what teenager hasn’t been shooting crap with there bb guns this was ridiculous. The officers were baffled and angered by my smart answers and lock me in a cell and take my phone and begin going threw it.

For some reason they go straight to my pictures and the first thing they see was a giant marijuana plant that I had growing in my window seal. They demanded to know where that plant was I quickly made up an excuse that it was a friends plant in Santa Fe, 60 miles away. Luckily they bought the story and called my mother. About two hours after being arrested my mother arrived furious.

“How dare you shoot at another living creature” she screamed.

The officers gave a laugh and released me. To this day I still hear my mom bring up how stupid we were. James and I didn’t get our revenge on the officer that had chased us for a few more years but that’s another story.

__END__

