A Strange Day in Forest… – Friends Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Thursday 20

 September, 2012. It was the very pleasant and fine morning, weather was also fine and the cold winds were blowing . All my tiredness of work had gone away due to proper sleep and I was feeling much relaxed and comfortable so, I made my mood to have a coffee in order to enjoy this government holiday along with the sweet voice of radio. Quickly I turned to my kitchen and prepared a coffee for me within 5 minutes itself. Then According to my plan I began to enjoy coffee along with news headlines and songs on radio.

After some 5-10 minutes when I had the first sip of coffee, the program on radio had turned to a show named “Sacchi Kahaniyan”. This show was all about true life stories, and I was frozen for a minute when I heard my friend Vishal is telling about the experience of our trip to a “forest”. Slowly and slowly as he start speaking about our trip, I began to fell down in those moments when we have planned a visit to forest and finally completed it.

It was some two months before exams we all friends I, Vishal, Anunay and Pretam ,planned to have a trip to some nearby places but all of us wants to do some adventure so, we decided to visit a dense forest in the outskirt of our city. After our exams which were finished in June we all prepared to go on an adventurous trip along with some food, water, torch and most importantly our cell phone.

But the day was so strange we did not find any vehicle which can drop us there, anyhow we managed to find a taxi which took us to the outskirt of the city. Another evidence of the strangeness of the day was Pretam had forgot his cell phone at home. Some of the passers by had told us the way to forest. Forest was looking very beautiful; voices of many birds, insects and animals can be heard properly. As we were moving forward we make a mark on every tree in our path we would remind us the exit of the forest, and it was firstly decided that we will always keep our mobile in switch on mode and contact each other if we lost in the forest.

As we were moving forward Pretam felt that somebody is following our foot steps but leaving his intuition to a joke we moved on. When we reached in the interior of the forest we lost our way and suddenly the smog spread every where and we were not able to see each other properly all of us got very scared of what was happening around us suddenly we noticed that Anunay is not with us, then we heard someone shouting and we thought it was Anunay, so we started searching for him but due to white smog we are not able to find him. Then I got an idea to call him and ask about his position so, I tried to call him but because of network problem we were not able to contact with him and as the day was strange our torches were left to no use in such dense smog.

After walking for 2-3 hours, I again tried to call Anunay and this time I was succeeded in getting a reply from him and he told us about his location. Vishal went to find Anunay and we were waiting for them near the marked tree. At this time the dense smog also had reduced to lighter now things can be seen properly. We were constantly trying to contact  Anunay and Vishal with our cell phones so that it will be easy for them to find each other. And after 1 hour we heard good news from Vishal that he is succeeded in finding Anunay. We felt very happy and relaxed to see each other. Then with the help of marks created by us on the trees  we came out of the forest. Really it was a very strange day, as every one had thought that we will enjoy the trip but came home in a scared mood. We thanked God for protecting us and our cell phones which helped us so much to remain in contact with each other.

Suddenly the sound ringtone of my cell phone distracted me from my thoughts. I picked up my phone ,it was Pretam and he told me about the program running currently on radio.  At the same time Vishal on the radio had finished his story, show operator thanked him and asked him to write a story on this incident.

__END__

