Short Story of a Watch – Always at his Side

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ever since Logan strapped me on his wrist, I was in control of his life. I had to tell him when to go, and where to go, I was always at his side!

He took me to school on a Monday.   He showed me off to all of his friends.  They would say things like “cool watch, where did you get it, wow how did it do that”.  They all loved me, and wanted to have me. Although Logan never gave me up.

Months passed with Logan wearing me and cleaning me, then years, and finally He took me off and put me in the top of the closet. A couple of weeks later he had a friend over, and Logan was wearing a different watch. His friend asked Logan where his old watch was (then I realized he was talking about me). Logan replied “I don’t know I lost it a few weeks ago”.  I felt I had lost my only true friend.

Years passed of me watching Logan pass by, and by, never realizing his old watch was still there, watching him every day. One day Logan came in with a heavy box, I could tell it was heavy because of Logan’s struggle. Logan looked around the room for a brief moment, then turned to the closet and smiled. I thought he saw me and was coming to get me. Instead he turned, and gripped the box, and without even realizing, he had crushed me with that box.

I had felt my screen crack. I welt unwanted, unneeded, but most of all I felt lonely. Two months passed before he picked up that evil box. That moment when he looked straight at me, and slowly picked me up. I saw in his eyes that he was… happy.  At that moment, a beautiful woman walked in, looked at me and asked Logan “do we really need that piece of junk”?   Logan replied in a soft, soothing voice “I think I’ll keep it”.

As we got in the car, I was stuffed in Logan’s pocket, and that woman was sitting next to Logan.  I studied her for a long while, then I realized it… they were engaged!

I was still upset with that woman for calling me a piece of junk. I soon began to like her. She was nice, calm, and always talked in a soothing voice. After a couple months they got married, and bought their own house. The place came together like a puzzle.

After a week or so Logan took me to a watch shop. There were so many watches there like hundreds, even thousands of watches!  He spoke to a nice man at the counter, and they talked for a while. After about ten minutes of talking, Logan left, and the man took me to the back of the store. I already missed Logan!  The man took me, and put me on a table. Then he shined a bright light on me. I was curious on what he was going to do to me.  He gently took my screen off with a tool, and then pulled a fresh piece of glass out of his desk. I immediately knew what he was doing, I was so excited. He put the new glass in, it fit like a glove (I mean if I could wear a glove it would fit like a glove).  He then polished me, and I felt like a whole new watch.

Logan came back later, and picked me up. He took me back home, and the woman stood there looking at me.  She then asked Logan “so what is so special about this watch”. Logan simply replied “I’ve had it for a while”. As Logan grew old with his wife, he always wore me. Never took me off, he would walk around town and people would complement me. As Logan grew too old, it happened. Logan had passed away; he had been buried wearing me. From that day, I still remain with my best friend.  Just the way it should have always been.

__END__

