“Reports tell that you are a sure victim of Left-sided Temporo Partial attacks.” said Dr.Singhania.

The words dissolved in my mind the moment they were spoken by the doctor.

. Mom always told me I’d to live a great life and the greatest thing was I was living one. With all the 

 attacks and everything, I was living a 

 life now.But before the ending I have some important stuffs to deal with.

“Umm…so Kiara how long will I be living on this planet? 2-3 months or a half year?”I blurted out without giving a second thought to my question.

“Oh! NO NO NO…stupid girl,this isn’t a fatal disease. It just needs some regular treatments and therapies and you can again live a normal life. But till then you have to precautions…like-no tension ,no overloading your tender brain with work and no consumption of alcohols.”

. How could I??

After taking the the time for the next appointment I headed towards my home.I checked the time.Half an hour more and mom would be home anytime.Reaching home I unbolted the locks and threw myself on the couch. Stealing a glance from the clock I stepped in my bathroom to take mind-cooling shower.Surely the bath was soothing. While I was thinking what ,my friend, Riya would be doing I heard the doorbell.

More than confirmed ,to see my mom with a tired smile on her face at the door, I rushed towards the door and without asking who was it I opened it with a perfect smile to ensure her that my meeting with the doctor was normal & there was nothing to worry about.

But what I saw forced my pretending smile to get diminished. The person , actually the guy , who was standing at my doorsteps didn’t matched to the faces of the people I’ve met in my entire 25 years of life. He was much taller than me,maybe 2 or 3 years older than me , with the perfect squared-jaw face ,and eyes with the deepest black color.

“Hello…I am Daksh , I am your new neighbor. I am sure your mom would have told you about us.”

 

“Actually no. My mom is really busy these weeks so maybe she would have forgotten about mentioning our new neighbors to me. By the way,myself Mahi.” I stretched out my left hand and beside getting a firm handshake I got an empty bowl. Heat rose from my neck and traveled to my cheeks.It was 

. UGGH….

“Coming to the point, since we have not fully unpacked our things and also not remember where the certain things are….my mother asked me to borrow some sugar from you. I hope there isn’t any problem.”

Okay!!! beginning with a very rude act of placing an empty bowl in my hand and then asking for help without any 

.

.

 “Nah..just wait a sec.”

 I nearly ran to the kitchen so that I could see him off as soon as possible b’coz my doc said that not to tolerate headaches anymore.

“Here it is.” I gave him his bowl full of a mountainet of sugar without any eye contact but could feel his eyes on me.

“Thank you…my mom told me tell your mom.” A blank stare & before I could say anything else he was gone. OH MY GOD!!! how could anybody be so rude.

Anyways, I had many important things to bother so I switched on my laptop and was soon reminded of the meeting I have to attend the next day.I checked my stuffs ,that were to be presented on the slides, for the 100th time but was still nervous b’coz that was going to be my very first international meeting. The developers,researchers and engineers were coming from all around the world to attend the meeting at our head-office and I was going to represent my company. Suddenly feeling sleepy, I switched off my laptop and went into my room and there I saw it.20 missed calls of my mom and then a long message that said she has to go out of station for 3-4 days as a part of her charity council and she wished me for my meeting to be successful but never asked about the medical reports.GOOD. As I rested my head on the pillow the peaceful sleep caged me.

I don’t know how long I slept but I woke up the next morning at 3:45 am.

I was feeling energetic and the butterflies started fluttering in my stomach as I realized that the most important but awaited day has ,at last, arrived.

I was in full swing when my phone vibrated.It was a new text from my mom again wishing me for the same.I thanked her simultaneously and left for the meeting.

Does anyone here believe in the bad deeds of their pre-lives?

 No? WOW!! Me too.

 But what I saw…wait not what but whom. Yes whom I saw in the office not only boiled my blood to the thickest but also reminded me of the rudeness that I beared merely 12 hours ago and forced me to dead to think about the possible bad-deed I may have done in my pre-life ,all the more.

“Hello Miss.Raghuvanshi….hope you are all prepared for the meeting.”said Daksh,with the most unsuited smile that I could have seen!!!!!

–END–

