The Perfect Adam Tease@ Golawala’s – Friends Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

About five years ago, Neha , Rani and myself, landed up at the Golawala’s stall on a hot summer day. We made a strong team and had expertly learnt to communicate amongst ourselves in a language of our own , thanks to the group assignments at the university.

A white jeep with three young men pulled up right across the golawala near the garage . The smartly dressed studs were probably trying to figure out some problem with the car engine.

Neha  the boldest amongst us without  much of a thought whistled at them. She turned around to look at them and threw a flirtatious smile and then turned back to us. She winked at Rani and me prompting us in our language to repeat her actions.

The men seemed to be a little amused by our behaviour . Neha found teasing the men quite entertaining, she waited for a bit and then passed a  double meaning comment in a mischievous tone

” it is too hot to handle now , do not get me wrong fellows , I am talking about the engine ” , she said and laughed aloud .

The men looked up at her and she winked back at them.

Once their car problem was fixed the men drove away without any response to the teasing. We felt so foolish to have done something so out of our character .

” They must think of us as stupid bimbos ” Rani  said in a dejected tone .

” They seemed to be perfect gentlemen” , I added in.

Neha remained silent .

A week later, the adam teasing episode was still fresh in our minds and the pinch of being rejected was still hurting us ,probably that is why we were  more than surprised to see the men waiting for us at the university gates. They broke out in smiles as soon as they saw us.

They came up and introduced themselves as Pranav , Rishikesh and Rahul . They said that they had been to the Golawala all these days hoping to meet us but when we did not turn up they tracked us down.

Fortunately  life has been entertaining enough since then , atleast we have not teased anymore men . The present scene is pretty much out of a Happy ending movie – Pranav and Neha are happily married  and were recently blessed with a beautiful baby boy , Rani and Rishikesh are both still single and very ” close” friends , and Rahul and I dated for three years before I chose to pursue further studies over matrimony.

And yes , till date going for a gola , in the  hot summers is something else!

__END__

