Horror Short Story – SAD INCIDENCE

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hooray! SPM is over. I am on cloud nine. Let’s party,” my best friend, Julie shouted joyously as she stepped out of the exam hall.

All the form 5 students including me went shouting and screaming in delight as if we have won a million dollars! Finally! After a long, hectic and stressful year of studying, revising and sitting for monthly tests and examinations, I desired to experience the luxury of blissful day without having to worry about any gruelling schedules, piles of homework and tuition classes to attend to. As we were walking towards the school gate, Julie and I racked our brain thinking on how to spend our holidays fantastically. After pressuring our brains for quite some while, Julie came up with a plan to visit an island.

“That’s a wonderful idea. I love it.” I said to Julie excitedly. Everyone else also agreed. We then went our separate ways upon reaching the school gate as we headed home respectively.

When I reached home, I jumped on the sofa in joy as I was very happy that I don’t have to burn the midnight oil anymore. “Yeah!!! I’m a free bird now,” I screamed in joy. I couldn’t control my happiness and started screaming like a lunatic.

“Have you gone out of your mind! Get off the sofa now!,” my mother yelled at me.

“Mom, my class teacher came up with a plan to visit an island. Can I go? A few teachers will be accompanying us,” I lied my mother as I got off the sofa.

“Yes. You can go,” mom replied. I had to lie or she will never let me go and I wanted to have fun with my friends desperately.

Everyone attending that trip did many preparations to make this trip a memorable one. After a few days, the time came for the most awaited trip. The sun was slowly making its way through the clouds and spread it’s golden rays of crimson and gold, casting a golden hue. I could see that pleasant view from the window in my bedroom.

“Honey, come down. Your aunt has come to visit you,” mom insisted.

“Okay, mom. I’m coming. “I responded.

“I hope it’s not aunt Mandy. She is very boastful, dominant and snobbish. Whenever she drops by our house, there is surely a matter that will spark an argument between me and my mother,” I thought to myself as I made my way to the staircase with my bag.

As I galloped down the stairs, I saw aunt Mandy sitting on the sofa with my mother and I heard them talking about the island I am going to visit. I felt restless for a second. “I hope everything goes well,” I thought to myself. “Hello, aunt Mandy,” I greeted her with a feign smile. Aunt Mandy did not reply instead she carved a sinister smile on her face.

“You have to cancel your trip because aunt Mandy said that the island is very dangerous,” mom told me harshly.

“But mom, I want to go!!!,” I raised my voice.

“No. you are not going and that is final,” she commanded. I argued with her for quite some while. ‘Honk! Honk!’ Then I heard Julie’s voice calling me to be quick. I stormed out of the house with my bag, ignoring mom’s advices.

When we reached the jetty, Julie and I walked together. The air was so crisp and we were all so excited. We then took a boat and went to the island all by ourselves. It took us about 20 minutes to reach the island. When we reached the island, everyone were amazed by the beauty of the nature. We stood dumbfounded. The tall coconut palms danced gracefully to the rhythm of the breeze. We took some time and just scanned through the entire island panoramically. We were astonished by how wonderful God creation was. We took some scenic pictures. Then, we sat by the edge of the sea and watched the waves race towards us and tickle our feet. After a while, Julie made her way to her bag to get her water bottle.

Out of a sudden, we heard Julie screaming. We ran to check what had happened and we could not believe our eyes when we saw Julie’s arm in the crocodile’s jaws. That unnerving scene made my hair curl. I quickly ran towards Julie. Blood was gushing out of her arm. She was bawling her head off. The crocodile became more aggressive when I threw a stick on its head. The crocodile started to crawl towards us. Julie and I leaped backwards. Everyone else were running in different direction as they were terrified and frightened. Without thinking of my life, I pushed Julie to my friends. As Julie’s bleeding got worse, they helped Julie to get into the boat, started the engine and left!

They forgot all about me in their panicky state. I had to face that ferocious monster. The crocodile was just a few metres away from me. My heart went pounding so fast, at that instant; I believe it was pumping more than the average of 5 litres of blood per minute. I took off my jacket and threw it on the crocodile’s face to distract its attention. Then, I climbed up a tree. My face turned as white as sheet of paper. The crocodile kept staring at me and there was nothing I could do to get help. Shortly after that moment, I began to feel dizzy and everything went black.

When I opened my eyes, I realised that I was lying on a bed in a hospital. My mother was sitting by my side. Her face looked gloomy and forlorn. I could read my mother’s mind. Something was definitely bothering her.

“Mom, what happened? How did I end up here?” I asked as I mustered up all the energy left in my body.

“I was informed that you were unconscious on a tree and a rescue team rescued you,” she replied. A nurse then walked in and informed my mother that I can be taken home. As we were leaving the room, I asked mother about Julie but she did not respond, instead, she walked to a corner and answered her ringing phone.

As she was on the phone, I could hear people crying from the next room. I slowly and steadily made my way to the room and scanned the entire room. My face turned pallid when I saw a white sheet over Julie’s body. I could tell it was Julie’s body as the sheet was only covered up to her ankle and I saw the anklet that I gave her for her birthday. Tears rolled down my cheeks and my heart broke into a million pieces. Later, my mother told me that Julie died because she had ‘haemophilia’. Haemophilia is a disease where the blood is unable to clot. I had lost my best friend forever. If only I had listened to my mother, this wouldn’t have happened. It was too late now but I learnt my lesson.

__END__

