Funny Short Story Friends – Sensational Internship

Funny Short Story Friends – Sensational Internship

Photo credit: 

 from 

As all the other days, I was sitting at the cafe with Rahul, Tarun, Sulekha and Aditya during the break. I used to think earlier that exercising as an intern was gratifying, but only when it comes to facing the real sh*t, does one actualize how peculiar a particular thing can be. Break was the only time, the five of us used to look forward to. It has been a fortnight since we joined the Nexus Venture Partners as interns, only to work on a project which was to be submitted as a part of our curriculum at our post graduation.

Both Sulekha and Rahul were from Pune, and Tarun, Aditya and I, Parul, were from the locality itself, Mumbai. Our hometowns were different though. Tarun was a mirthful Mumbaikar, Aditya was a muddled Manipuri and I was an intellectual Indori.

This was our final year of post graduation and to accomplish our live projects we had to do this shitty internship job. Well! As I mull over, Nexus is not a way too bad company to be an intern in. It is after all, one of the renowned companies in India and moreover, all I desired to go ahead in my future was entrepreneurship, which was what we all were acquiring here.

It was still 10 minutes left for the break to end and Rahul and Sulekha stood up to leave. They had that extra work to do. They always had. After the first few days, when we started together, they left us and went towards the other end of the edifice we worked in. I thought to spy them one day. I did. And what bullsh*t, they were smooching each other under a tree, nobody besieged them. Ah! Clear from then on, they were a typical girlfriend- boyfriend material. But anyways, Sulekha was cute. She was adorable. She was sweet as well; the reason why probably Rahul fell for her. Rahul was handsome too nonetheless.

When they left, I leaned forward to break this news to Tarun and Aditya; my then best friends. It has been about 7 days since I have been trying to digest this news, but no, no-more! I had to tell them, after-all even we needed some gossip. Didn’t we? So, I finally broke the news to them… Aditya, the fatso who was drinking water spilled it from his mouth on Tarun who was sitting across him at the table. Eeww! Weird!!

“But I like her yaar… No! You are saying this to tease me. Isn’t it?”, said Aditya, facing his fat, spectacular face towards me.

Looking at his grave expressions for a few moments, I and Tarun sat quite and then giving a ‘Hi-Five’ to each other we started laughing our ass out.

“Damn! Aditya… Since when? And you never even mentioned it??? You are such a hypocrite!” and I and Tarun couldn’t just stop laughing.

Looking at us, a boy started towards us, almost our age, 23; or maybe a year or two older… “Would you mind if I sit here with you people?”

Our expressions turned solemn. What the heck? One break of 50 minutes and somebody comes and wants to enjoy with us… Do we appear like fu*king clowns?

“Yeah sure!” said Tarun invitingly and I gave him that cold look. I hated it. Tarun was always very inviting. This chap from Mumbai, at times I don’t know but what happens to him, he was such an easy going guy, happy with everybody.

It was still 5 minutes for the break to get over. We introduced ourselves to each-other.

“Hi, I am Tarun, he is Aditya and she is Parul”, said Tarun “And you are?”, he questioned.

“I am Raghav. Raghav Verma.” He said with a big grin. On his square face, with his hair coming half-way till his fore head, he appeared to me like a cute boy. But, he wasted our 5 minutes of fun and fervour. No, he was not cute, he was a pervert. Huh! I hated him for this and so did Aditya… I knew, from his expressions; he wanted to talk about Sulekha.

Anyways, he inquired about what were we doing and Tarun replied generously “we are interns at the Nexus.” I finally pinched Tarun and indicated my watch to him. He understood it was time to go. If we got even a minute late, we would be given a good piece of our manager’s mind.

We stood up, shook hands… he gazed me a little longer than required. Do hell with it, every girl things the same I guess. I skipped that part… and then we started back towards our magnificent Nexus edifice.

The day went off good, a little refreshing actually with fatso Aadi, poking his nose again and again and talking about Sulekha stealthily. I and Tarun couldn’t help but laughing at that site. Sulekha used to sit parallel to me; sharing the same cubicle. So, now it made sense as to why Aadi always wanted to come to see me and take my help in one thing or the other. I never thought the reason was Sulekha. Boys will be boys!

The day ended and we started our journey towards our flats. Tarun and Aditya used to stay together; Tarun’s parents shifted abroad last month but he insisted to stay here. He did. I used to stay with yet another girl, who was out of my interpretation! She was always bewildered. Damn creepy! Our flats were just a block away and so I decided to go with Tarun and Aadi first before I leave for my room. Aditya was sober, he bought a bottle of whisky on our way back to our flat and as soon as we entered the room he opened it and gulped it all in one shot.

Thereafter began his sadist tale, “I have loved only 7 girls till date. I have really loved them a lot… but I was never able to speak it in front of anybody. I have always been this shy type guy and Sulekha… Damn! I dreamt of being with her forever after our internship and all of a sudden Parul comes and says she is committed! God, tell me what should I do? I cannot live without her….”

Both Tarun and I had our tummies rolling. We weren’t able to control our laughter and this, this Bollywoodish melodramatic scene… wasn’t it getting a little too much? And wait, what he just said… he has loved 7 girls. SEVEN! Oh god! Help him.

Out of making Aadi a little placid, we planned to go to the Marine Drive, which was at a distance of about 15 kilometres from our place. We reached there at 10 P.M. We walked the 3 kilometre long Marine Drive bare foot, enjoying the wet sand beneath our feet. Not in a mood to go back, we forced ourselves back, since the next day we all had a presentation of our project and we had to work on it as well.

We reached our rooms back by 2 in the morning, turned on skype, worked on our presentations till 5 A.M and then Tarun and Aditya went off. I didn’t sleep. I instead went to do some household work, including filling water, preparing some good breakfast for everybody and then obviously getting ready. I gave a call to Tarun at 8, asking him to wake up and get ready else we’ll be late. But fatso, damn, he was such a sloppy guy, he woke up at 10 minutes to 9, came running to my room with his shirt half tucked in and ate the breakfast without brushing his teeths… eeww! The last night’s whisky still smelt, I sprayed my deodorant all over him and gave him my comb to set his hair. The last thing he asked before we were leaving my room for the office was “Am I looking all good? Sulekha would be impressed? Right?” and I and Tarun pat our foreheads in disbelief.

All the way towards our office, he kept pestering us with Sulekha, Sulekha and Sulekha. We were late by 30 minutes and expected a good blow from our manager when suddenly Raghav stepped forward to greet us.

With a big grin he said “Hi! I am your team lead. I hope you people remember me. We met yesterday.” Oh damn! So he was our team lead who was off to Pune for a project and he is back now. We all smiled sheepishly looking at him. It would be easier to go around now.

As soon as the thought of going around casually crossed my mind, he screamed “So, is this the time you people come to the office?” and that meant, we were still under the same hanging knife. And that aloes made sure that the last day when we were laughing like devils… we had imprinted a bad impression on Raghav.

With this alarming start, we all gave our presentations to Raghav. He suggested us ways by which we could work a little better. We appreciated his reviews and started working accordingly. He was though not a good leader. He was a spectator and he was harsh. He was vicious. Our job (9-to-9 life) was yet to commence and our internship experience was gruelling enough. What would happen when we’d be out, work on full time basis?

With varied unusual thoughts, we went back on our desks and gave a fresh start to our work. After about 15 minutes, the peon came to me and left a packet on my desk. I looked at him in wonderment but he went away without saying anything. I looked around; there was nobody around me either, waiting for me to open the envelope. So, out of my own excitement I opened it. It had a greeting card saying “

 and a note attached to it which read “

”

I was stunned, astonished; who could this be? Is it somebody in my office? Whom should I tell this to? Aditya was just coming around me to catch a glimpse of Sulekha, when he saw the envelope in my hand. He snatched it from me. I tried to get it back, but, he won’t’ give it to me. Instead, he went to Tarun and there he opened it. I was following him, but I got late by a few seconds. Seconds matter in such cases. Both Tarun and Aditya were awed.

“Miss Parul, who is it? Secret admirer… hmmmm??” they started teasing me.

“I don’t know!” I said politely, with a blush on my face.

They caught that girlish shy on my face and started calling out names. Frustrated, I went back to my cubicle. I sat there for a few moments and then turned back at the cubicle behind me, to see Tarun and Aditya; they were composed, and looking at me started laughing again. I smiled and went back to their cubicle. I finally said “Guys really, I don’t know anything. What should I do? Suggest me.”

Tarun said at one shot, “Dump the idea girl. Not good for you.”

When suddenly fatso jabbed a plan “Let’s go out yaar… Let’s check on who is he atleast. What say? Tonight at 9, 24X7, we’ll all go and Parul we’ll hide ourselves somewhere. You meet that guy and then we’ll give him a good punch and return back.”

The idea seemed interesting. I was this type of rough and tough girl and hated all such girly crap of sitting and crying, “

?”

I put forward my hand in agreement on Aadi’s plan. Tarun did too. And fatso grimaced as if he’s done such a tough task by puking this idea in-front of us. I gave him a kick and he smiled and put his hand on Tarun’s. Our mission for the day was set; an adventurous day after lot many boring days.

When I was about to leave their cubicle, Aditya said from behind “Parul, invite Sulekha too” and I gave a smile to him. He said “You would. Won’t you?” and I shook my head in agreement. He knew I won’t.

I went back to my cubicle, muttering to myself in disguise. I looked at Sulekha, she was glued to her computer screen. I didn’t disturb her. I only thought about the evening that was to come. We all decided to meet at 8 at ‘24X7’ to have some fun before our mission starts and hell yeah! It was Saturday night. We wanted some fun. We were indeed surprised to see Raghav there with the dancer on the floor. He appeared to be such a sex freak. We took his pictures for keeping with us as his good record. To our amazement, we spotted Sulekha with Rahul too There were limited to themselves. Aditya looked towards them, and finally decided to overcome his infatuation. He sat at the bar and started drinking… 5 shots in a row. It was just about 15 minutes left to 9 when both Tarun and Aditya deserted themselves in the crowd. I was left alone. I waited at the bar for my lover to come and greet me.

Five minutes later, I had this somebody, touch my back. I turned back to give him a tight slap. I did. And oh no! Raghav. It was Raghav Verma. Out of regret I said “I’m so sorry. But, you….”

“Well! It’s okay Parul. I understand… but, I just recognized you so came to greet you.”

I smiled. He offered me a drink, but I was a teetotaller. I refused with great dignity. We were just laughing over some joke when Tarun and Aditya came by. Aditya was about to give a good punch in Raghav when I stopped him. I shouted “Noooooooo… It’s Raghav man!” But it was a little too late.

With this, Raghav looking back in astonishment, I received a call on my phone. To answer the call, I had to walk out as it was loud inside. Aditya and Tarun started running towards the door too. As soon as I stepped out; I saw somebody standing at the door, with this big bouquet of flowers; his face hidden behind it.

My phone was still ringing. I picked it up; on the phone he said “Accept it. I love you darling! I missed you hell lot.” And the phone cut, he lowered the bouquet to reveal his face. Yess…. it was Sid. My childhood friend! It was just during our post graduation that we were separated for the first time. I had a liking for him since age eleven. I hugged him tight and rejoiced. I knew he loved me, but it only took too long for him to state it.  Stupid!

But wait, Raghav and Aadi… Aditya and Tarun came yelling outside… “Run Parul. Let’s go!”

I finally knew that I’ll be facing the most adventurous internship lined up till date and wait; we also had photographs of that sycophants! Wink.

__END__

