Funny Short Story – Darling Po

Photo credit: 

 from 

I barge inside the room. I have finally seen you after five years. Now my heart is longing for you. But I can’t. I have to restrict myself from meeting you. Otherwise I am sure I would fall in love with you all over again and it will have a drastic impact on me. All I can do is, I can write a letter to you.

And so, I sit down in front of the study table and start penning a letter.

“Darling Po,

I just wonder why I would even call you that. I feel bad that I have shortened your sweet name to ‘Po’. Sorry for that! You are my bestie. I ought to give you some other name. Let me think of a beautiful nickname the next time when I meet you (will our meeting be possible?).

By the way, its been a long time since we had caught up. I hope you are fine. I am missing you to the core. Mommy still says to keep away from you. I don’t understand her hatred for our deep friendship. She thinks that it was you who spoilt me. But we never spoilt each other. We used to have our sweet moments in solitude or in the company of my other friends who like you very much. You were always there for me. I would indulge in you whatever my mood might be. I had never offended you even though I had other chums who were similar to you (remember Tom, Carry, Capsy and Ladfin?). I know you felt jealous when I had spent time with them. But at the end of the day I had returned back to you only. They could never equal you. I would say to them, ‘Po is always special to me.’

You know, the first day I touched you, I felt divine and a strong splurge of friendship flushed throughout me (or was it love?). And I have to confess to you that I had a secret crush on you (psst! If my boyfriend gets to read this letter, he would bash me up. I have lied to him that he is my first love). Nevertheless, you were my first love. And I am not shying away from my confession. You should know about my true feelings for you.

And then, I was diagnosed with a rare gastrointestinal disease. Doctors asked me to stop consuming too much junk food. My mom strictly said, ‘Keep away from Po! He is spoiling you’. She was stern in her words. She had probably thought that I was hanging out with you too much and you were contaminating me with all the junk food. But you know, you were actually boosting me to be healthy. I felt better with you around. And I have to say, you had looked your best even when you hadn’t taken a bath. You were handsome in your raw beauty (oh! I am blushing here! :-D). When you had taken a bath and changed into new clothes, you had appeared in a new form. But it was then that I enjoyed your company the most. You looked delicious (forgive me for my quirky adjectives for I was oh-so in love with you). I am running out of words to describe you.

You had popped up everywhere I went. You were in the supermarket when I had come to purchase some groceries. The other day I met you in the vegetable market. I met you even in my garden. You were hiding in the hole dug up by my father (probably to meet me!). I had to pull you out. You smelled of dirt and mud. Then you had a good bath and we shared some friendly moments. I saw you even in Burger Face restaurant. I was wondering why you were there. Then my mom explained the reason for your presence in that restaurant. I was too immature at that time to understand all those things (I don’t want to disclose the reason). Now that I have grown up, I can realize how important you were to Burger Face. Why? I saw you even in my neighbor’s house. You were silently sitting in a corner. I wondered whether they were abusing you.

We had shared such a strong bond between us. Do you remember the day when you had fallen out of a lorry? I rushed to help you. But I couldn’t catch you with my hands. I was too fragile and weak at that time. You had rolled on the road and I had watched you sadly. And then all of a sudden, my mom started behaving indifferently. She wouldn’t allow me to meet you. I was depressed. I couldn’t even see you for a second. I missed my best friend. Then you were completely kept away from me. It was hard for me to forget you. I can say that I was too much addicted to you.

I hope that my other friends are still in touch with you. As I had already said, they liked you very much. There were days when they had tried to take you in their custom and never send you back to me. But I was adamant. Finally, they would relent. When you got back to me, I had showered you with all my love. Five years have passed away since I have met you. I wasn’t allowed to go to the supermarket or Burger Face because my mom feared that I might meet you by chance. Yes, it was hard for me to stop thinking about you. But my boyfriend Roger brought me back to sense. He breathed a new whiff of fragrance in my life. And then, I forgot you gradually.

Yeah! I know you might be wondering why I am writing this letter to you after so many years. I could have easily contacted you through phone or e-mail. But I couldn’t do so. You were neither in Facebook nor in WhatsApp. Well, you couldn’t probably use all that. I don’t know whether you will ever come to know about my feelings. I wish you were a living being. But you were… my darling…err…you were…my sweetheart…err…you were…you were…MY DARLING POTATO!. Or sometimes you came in plural-Potatoes.

Yours lovingly,

Elisa.”

I close the pen with its cap. Then, I take the letter and crumple it. I throw it in the dustbin and make myself ready for a date with Roger. Well, there will be always someone (or something!) you cannot have in your life. :-P

***

Dear Readers,

After you finish reading this story, I strongly recommend you all to read the story once again having a potato in your mind. :-D

Po-Potato

Tom-Tomato

Carry-Carrot

Capsy-Capsicum

Ladfin-Ladies finger

Well, don’t beat me please! :-P

__END__

