An insight into a girl’s nightlife in Delhi

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

It was another shady night. One of those shady nights she only happens to experience in Delhi. At first scared to death while going to Amarudpur to buy alcohol. That was a terrifying experience. One would hardly believe how can the world around change within just one narrow road cross. A nice calm and safe place suddenly turns into hell with cheap devils that look at you in a very evil manner. There was a long street without lights with all these devils hiding in the shadows, lurking to jump on you and make you their prey. They would attack you with their long filthy fangs you’d have no chance to flee from. They were only three girls, two of them as brave as if made of steel, and poor Amelie was almost crying just like some silly coward.

“Should I take out my pepper spray?” asked Amelie with all the concern in the world and was ready to fight with any devil who would dare to come any closer.

Was that bottle of rum worth of it? Why do they keep all these booze shops in such shady places? Why wouldn’t they just sell alcohol in a supermarket? Bleh, that was just a piece of a terrifying experience, never, no, never shall Amelie enter in Amarudpur after dark again.

Home drinking, girls getting dressed, music playing, jumping here and there. “Where is my eye liner?” shouting one, “Did you see my black spaghetti?” asking the other and furiously keeps throwing things out of her cupboard. Amelie just sat on the bed, all ready, just sipping her drink and changing tracks on Ankita’s laptop.

There is this new club on the plan tonight. New posh place, but they have entry for free.

“Don’t you ever feel so weird getting off the auto in front of a club?” asked Ankita.

“Yeah, because the others are coming in big expensive cars?” noted Amelie, having third glass of rum with coke.

“I mean, that they are actually coming in a car, no matter its price.” Then the whole point came up and the scene of them getting off an auto rickshaw in front of a five star hotel appeared just purely ridiculous and shameful.

That place was almost empty; it was just them and few other people. Music was nice, but then the interior evoked more of a brothel atmosphere. They were high thanks to the rum. They danced in front of the stage, they just enjoyed themselves, by the time the club filled up and many eyes landed on them. Men’s eyes… They started being thirsty, thirsty for alcohol. They knew how to get it. Using all their weapons, after all, they all were very pretty girls. Eye contact, a** shake, one girl touches the other one, dance body on body. Come on, being a poor student means you just cannot afford buying shots in a club.

“Can I invite you for a drink? Will you join us in the V.I.P section?” animal was caught on the bait as the fish gets caught on a hook.

They were dancing like sluts; they were getting more drinks, those guys paid a fortune to get them in that V.I.P section. The girls didn’t give a damn about those… whoever they were. They only wanted their drinks to get safely high and in the moment things were about to start going wrong – leave quickly, silently and inconspicuously, not letting anyone to even touch them.

So at the moment those guys started approaching them way too much they decided to take the auto in front of the gate of the hotel. They went home by the auto again. It was 1 a.m., New Delhi, India. But they survived…

