Love Short Story – A Letter for Stephen

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

 

 

I read her letter once more and I can say I’m out words, I can’t even react because I thought that both of us considered as best friends but why? And there is one thing that I need to do, I will talk to Sarah. I went over to the house next door.

“Sarah about the letter, I thought were best friends? But what’s the meaning of this?!” I showed the letter she wrote.

She didn’t response, her teardrops fell like a pouring rain, I know how it feels to be hurt but in our situation, I really can’t understand why she needs to tell me about her feelings.

“Sarah we can’t be ‘best friends’ anymore.”

She immediately looked at me.

“No! No Stephen, please just forget about that letter, just please, do you want to throw away our friendship?”

“It’s you who ruined our friendship Sarah.”

I turned my back at her and walk away, and then an idea struck at me.

“We can stay as best friends but not now, let your feelings for me be buried, because I can’t be with some who secretly loves me.”

Then I walked away. My point is she should set aside her feelings.

Days, weeks, months, years had passed, I never saw Sarah, before our graduation I tried to go to their house to fix our problem but the land lady told me that her family moved a 2 days ago, she moved that’s why I didn’t see her even at school. I missed her so much, did I do the right thing, that I pushed her away from me?

After my graduation, I tried to focus myself to my studies. But her words keep hunting my memories, 

Sarah where are you? I want to explain how my heart was filled with our memories, please comeback. I immediately run to their old house, but there’s no one there, I keep asking the land lady where did Sarah moved, but sadly she didn’t know. I went home and opened my laptop and searched her, and I saw where she moved. I decided that tomorrow I will go to her house.

While walking towards to their address I already saw her, I run as fast as I could then I hugged her. Her expression was shocked.

“You didn’t know how much I missed you Sarah, it’s been 5 years.” I told while hugging her tightly. She removed my hands on her.

“I missed you too Stephen! And I was shocked when I saw you because I will go to your house, then suddenly you’re here.” My eyebrows rise a bit.

“Why will you go to our house?” my heartbeat suddenly beats fast. I became nervous. What’s the meaning of this feeling?

“Let’s bring back our friendship Stephen; I already buried my feelings for you.”

Then she hugged me with a smile that is brighter than the sunshine, well I guess she’s already moved on, but I’m broken. Is this the karma they called?

__END__

