How the World Sees You and How I See You, My Angel

Photo Credit: 

In a world where everything seems to be possible, there are still some things that’s unimaginable. I am Halo Parker, daughter of Angel Ivy, a fallen angel, and Richard Parker, a church pianist. Yes, you got it right, my mom’s once an angel. She lived here on Earth as a fallen angel until she’s met my dad in Church. They got to know each other and eventually fell deep in love with one another but the Heavens seem to be against their love that once I was born, my mom lost all of her powers and her most valuable wings. The dark side seems to have heard about it and has harmed my parents’ life and made it seem like a simple car accident by the local police. Some witnesses say that our car was covered in an unexplainable darkness and that by the time it crashed, a man with wings and covered with golden light came to take me out and brought me to a safe place but of course it’s hard for the local police and investigators to accept that statement as they say it is absolutely impossible and that there was only a malfunctioning wire that caused the car to crash. Since then, my grandma Helen took care of me and told me about my parents’ love story when I’m having a hard time falling asleep when i was young. Grandma Helen knows about my mother’s secret and she accepted her, as she believes  that what they have is true love for one another.

Now that I’m 18, I’m experiencing something different in my body. I feel so light whenever I go out for a walk and there are some instances that I myself can’t explain. Grandma Helen told me that since I’ve already come of age, the things i’m experiencing are about my other half as an angel. I don’t know how to handle this situation. How can I tell Heather, my bestfriend, about me being a half-angel? Will she understand? Since then, i rarely went out of home because I can’t control my wings yet and they just pull out on my back with a golden glow.

One day, Heather came to our house knocking like a wild beast. When I opened the door, she yelled at me as to where i’ve been and why i’m not picking up her calls. I let her in so that we can have a talk but instead i got really reprimanded by her. I guess this is the right time to tell her about my secret. I dragged her to my room and made her sit on my bed. I took my cardigan off and she went hysterical saying that she’s not a lesbian and that she’s only got eyes for boys so I threw a pillow at her face and told her to shut up and watch. As the cardigan fell on the ground, my wings spread all over the room as it took over the darkness with it’s golden light. I can’t understand her expression as it’s mixed with awe and shock. She stood up and stretched her hand towards my wings and once her hands landed on them, my wings immediately felt ticklish and folded behind me. I can’t believe how well she’s handled the situation that after I hid my wings away, she jumped up and down my bed saying it was absolutely awesome. Heather’s always been a fan of angel-related stories and kept on bothering me since middle school about going on a hunt for fallen angels.

A week has passed and I started to feel a bit more comfortable with my wings but I still restrict myself from going out too much. The only places I’ve been to was at Heather’s house, the beach that’s just a 5-minute walk away and at the grocery with Grandma Helen. Whenever Grandma goes out of town with some of her friends, I stay at Heather’s house until grandma comes home.

It was a Saturday afternoon and I’m staying over Heather’s house reading a book i borrowed from her when there was a sudden knock on the door. Since Heather’s in the bath and her mom’s out, i decided to open the door to check on who it was. I never thought I’d ever see someone so perfect that I was so mesmerized by his beauty.

“I never heard about my family selling the house to a pretty girl like you.”,

My face turned red as he said that. I immediately replied to him by saying that I’m just staying here for a week and as if on cue, Heather came down freshly bathed and ran as fast as she could in her brother’s arms. They talked for a bit in the living room as i awkwardly sat with them and i’ve been stealing glances at Harry, totally mesmerized by his dashing blue eyes and bright smile. I’ve met him before when we were in middle school but when he’s in high school he transferred schools and stayed with her grandpa and i’ve never seen him since then.

My grandma came back from her trip and I’ve been receiving red roses every morning on our doorstep ever since I went home saying it’s from an admirer. At first, I find it really creepy but as days go on i realized that it’s really sweet of him. After a couple of days he wrote his number down saying I should give him a call and wrote at the end his initials, H. I gathered up my courage and gave him a ring and when he picked it up I almost threw my phone away because of too much excitement. Harry’s the one sending me the roses saying that he’d really love to go out with me. I talked it out with Grandma Helen and she urged me to give it a go so now Harry and I have been official for 3 months now. There are some occurrences where my wings would want to break free and I barely avoided the situation with Harry. I don’t know how to tell him. Will he take it the way Heather does? I don’t want to lose him. I want to spend the rest of my life with him.

I’ve been having sleepless nights and horrible dreams that seem to be so realistic.  Till the day I realized that those were not dreams but visions of what’s about to happen now. Harry and I are out on a road trip when suddenly the breaks are not functioning and the car’s speeding off to the cliff. I closed my eyes trying to calm myself down and I opened the car door, grabbed Harry and jumped of the car as it’s crashing down the cliff. Harry’s eyes were tightly shut waiting for the impact of our bodies hitting the ground but the wait seems to have taken long as he opened his eyes and saw the Golden light covering the silent night. He glanced around us silently taking in everything that has happened.

My tears started pouring out saying that I’m so sorry for hiding the real me  and that I’d understand if he decides to end our relationship. He asked me to put us both down on the ground and so i did, thinking that he’s going to leave me now.

“I love you for who you are and not for what you are Halo. There is a difference on how the world sees you and how I see you, for you are my angel, Halo. Others may not accept you but I do and I know that Heather feels the same way. I’ve always felt something different with you but in a good way. You made me change into the person i am now and made me realize that everything is possible with love and faith. I love you.”, he said those heart-warming words as he wrapped one of his arms around me and the other, wiping my tears away.

“I love you”, was all I can say and with that i lifted us up, wrapped in each others arms and made the Heavens witness our vow of true love sealed with a kiss.

__END__

