Friends Short Story – LOVELY GIRL

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

I’ve had the best moments of my life and I hope you had too and remember the notes that I gave you like kisses. Your face. You’re not what you are thinking. Relationship with lovely girl. life is special and adventure time. Great times. We had the best moments and I am going to miss you even  If I’m leaving you that does not mean Im going to stop being your friend, I’ll be your friend for the rest of my life.

Girl I have a wish that is to take you some music with mariachi what we called serenata. Serenata is more like a sign of love songs when the guy comes to you and starts singing to you. All you have to do is listen to the melody from your balcony while the guys are singing. Lovely girl you don’t know what this love means to me and what comes to my mind, you make my small world peaceful and you show me how to lose my fears with you. Andy used to be scared ’til God put an angel in my way. The reasons why she is an angel is because when I am in class, my teacher thought I was refusing doing my work and she told me to do my work when she says so and that changed my way towards girls that caused me problems with my family but lucky me I have lovely girl to help me going in the right direction.

Girl you are the most grateful person I have ever met in my entire life. Girl I give you my heart and for this final episode of my life you’re going to see the last note probably and  thats why I’m making the best lovely girl history you’ve ever had read before because this is me describing how cool you’re and I like how this love or friendship feels.

I still remember how our friendship started I remember that like it was yesterday, upstairs in the cafeteria and I told you hey how you doing today and you replied fine and I asked you what is your name and you told me lovely girl. I asked you what grade are you in and you said 9th grade. I asked you where are you from and you told me from El Salvador and that it’s a nice country to go to. One more thing I’m happy about that is, when you gave the first kiss out your beautiful red lips, you drive me crazy and you make me hyper. I can’t do my work in class because I’m daydreaming of you and all i do is laugh and my friend asked me what is funny in class and I say nothing. I was trying to hide my feelings from everyone but it wasn’t easy to hide them.

When I’m sad and I need a big hug from her and she was there so I could feel better after class. Hugging her is so relaxing and it makes my problems go away. Even if I have problems everyday. I can’t believe that with your magical hugs I lose all the bad comments or problems in my mind. One of the hugs you ever gave me was on 4/24/2013. That day is so unique because we were playing like little kids in school. Really I like the way you were playing that day it made me feel alive. Too bad those days are about to fade away and there’s nothing we can’t do about it.

The memories are getting far away and I don’t know what’s going to happen to us maybe you will find someone better that me that will make you happier than me. But just remember whenever you you are with someone else remember be careful what steps you take. Lovely girl the advice that I give you are for your own good. Girl there’s is someone who gave me a good advise a while ago about girls and his name is Juan Pablo.  He told me even if girls are mean they’re still beautiful from the inside and from outside that’s why. The reason why I am putting his name on this note is because its good advise for all the boys who doesn’t know how to treat girls.

Lovely girl the way I treat you and I care about you no one else is going to do what do for your heath.  Your heath means lot to me like your birthday too and you’re nice, beautiful, and wonderful. Birthday note here is. Happy birthday my lovely girl I hope you spend the happiest day of your life with flowers, cake, and balloons and even if I am not with you on March 8, the first thing I wish you is that you have a wonderful day on your birthday and you need to do better in your classes and don’t worry about other things, just worry about your big day and god bless you feliz cumpleaños .

Girl I just want to tell you that my love is bigger than the universe and I can bring you down the moon, the stars and everything that exists in space. The amazing things we do like holding hands between others people and both souls can be peaceful if we keep this relationship with honesty. I  was in the darkness before I met you but with your honesty you showed me not to say lies and I like the way you hold me. Kiss me. Touch me and care about me.

Honestly you made me change several things that were wrong with me and I just thought one thing. That is an advise and that person is my favorite singer and his name is Marco Antonio Soliz best known as the Buki all he says is that no one is perfect only god. Thank you lovely girl for all the good times and be good to your best friend even if she gets mad alot you guys are still the best friends ever.  Lovely girl I’ve had the best moments of my life and I hope you had too and remember the notes that I gave you like kisses.

Your face. You’re not what you are thinking. Relationship with lovely girl. life is special and adventure time. Great times. Girl we had the best moments and I am going to miss you even  If I’m leaving you that does not mean Im going to stop being your friend I’ll be your friend for the rest of my life. Girl I have a wish that is to take you some music with mariachi what we called serenata. Serenata is more like a sign of love songs when the guy comes to you and starts singing to you. All you have to do is listen to the melody from your balcony while the guys are singing.

Lovely girl you don’t know what this love means to me and what comes to my mind, you make my small world peaceful and you show me how to lose my fears with you. Andy used to be scared ’til God put an angel in my way. The reasons why she is an angel is because when I am in class my teacher thought I was refusing doing my work and she told me to do my work when she says so and that changed my way towards girls that caused me problems with my family but lucky me I have lovely girl to help me going in the right direction. Girl you are the most grateful person I have ever met in my entire life. Girl I give you my heart and for this final episode of my life you’re going to see the last note probably and  thats why I’m making the best lovely girl history you’ve ever had read before because this is me describing how cool you’re and I like how this love or friendship feels.

__END__

