Short Story Paranormal – PASSION AND PAIN

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

We like reading. We visit lots of minds, living and dead. Dead leave their legacy in the form of books. It is not for anyone. This is legendary. This is abundant. This is rich.  Your serious intent or interest to have is enough, you can claim this.

Paul is one after books. He is working in a news paper. He is not yet married. He believes in satisfaction in job than earning by job.

“They are well paymasters. You get double the Salary.”  Peter allured.

Paul rejected. He believes that fat earnings do waste in false show. He saw low earning people are happy. They build nice properties with hard earnings. They are proud for self-satisfaction. Unlike fat salaried who are dissatisfied forever.

William Carlos William said, love is twain. It is gold and silver mixed in one called passion and pain. Many people like passion. Pain is felt more, but nobody likes. If any one likes, pain is real love. So passion and pain are just one.

Paul likes a girl. She is young and beautiful. Her name is Lucy.

Lucy likes books of parapsychology.  She visits the public library frequently. Paul has interest in both- the subject and she who likes the subject.

One day they are in the library. Suddenly two hands tried to pick up the same book from the rack. Paul and Lucy took back their hands. They laughed gazing each other.

Both smiled with ease. Silence ruled for few seconds. Paul was looking at her with great wonder. Lucy looked like a pure pearl for Paul’s eyes, so beautiful and so serene. Yes, just like a wonderful pearl!

Lucy smiled with great simple serenity. Paul handed the book to her. She thanked in low voice. He stared calm with ardent eyes. He is intensely enthusiastic and eager to have her as a friend. She is pearl.

It is said in a story (HG Wales ) that the pearl is lovelier than the most brilliant of crystalline stones, the moralist declares, because it is made through the suffering of a living creature. Paul is moved in way by this pearl’s unbound luster; he is not going to decide upon that age long dispute. The dispute is of the pearl of Love, a merciless painful story or a gracious fable of immortality of beauty.

Paul thought that she is beautiful. He murmured slowly, “beautiful!”

“What did you say?” Lucy asked.

Paul is thinking that he did not say anything.

“What?”  Paul questioned.

“Beautiful, you said!” Lucy answered.

“Yes, but how you…”

There is wonder in Paul’s eyes. There is no wonder in Lucy’s eyes.

“You know, indeed I possess important paranormal psychic competence related to actions of the mind for which there are no scientific explanations. I can read your mind.”

Lucy said. Paul astonished.

That is their first meeting.

After that, they met many times.

Lucy feels happy in teasing Paul. She likes to stay more in his company.

What Paul likes in Lucy is her great confidence. She shows excellent belief in whatever she speaks.

She often speaks about something related to parapsychology. Everything she says is very interesting.

****

“My grandpa is in Sydney. I transmit information to my grandpa with my telepathy.” Lucy said.

I know what telepathy is. It is the purported transmission of information from one person to another without using any of our known sensory channels or physical interaction. But there is no evidence that telepathy is a real phenomenon. Even then, I wondered gazing Lucy

“Really?” Paul asked with same excitement.

“Yeah “Lucy said with same confidence.

“Grandpa sent me a TV of the same brand, you know, the brand that I have communicated using telepathy.”

“How did you have this?”

“It is inherited as a family trait.”

As Lucy said this, Paul believed and wondered.

“You know, what is clairvoyance, right?”

I know, in French it is “Clear Vision”, but in parapsychology, it is the ability to gain information about an object, person, location or physical event through means other than the known senses, may be even thought also an extra sensory perception (ESP).

“Are you clairvoyant?”

Paul asked with more wonder. Lucy enjoyed for his simple unresisting following. She smiled.

Paul is moved with strong amorous feeling or desire of love; ardor

“Very nice”

Is she really clairvoyant? A confidence overrode making his doubt invalid.

“How do you think you are clairvoyant?”

Lucy gazed him.  A bit of seriousness is in his eyes.

“Don’t you believe?  Many are clairvoyant in this world.”

Paul is a silent observer. He knows, Lucy is saying something.

“Clairvoyance was a reported ability of some mediums during the spiritualist period of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and psychics of many descriptions have claimed clairvoyant ability up to the present day.”  Lucy said.

“I agree the existence of paranormal and psychic Phenomenon. The clairvoyance has not been supported by scientific evidence, published in high impact factor peer reviewed journals. But you know, I believe that parapsychology explores this possibility, but the existence of the paranormal is not accepted by the scientific comments and they did not accept that Parapsychology, including the study of clairvoyance exists. We can’t help. ” Paul said.

Paul shares his ideas with her when the subject is little known to him or well read before.

“Paul, J.B. Rhine in Duke University devoted his great time for this subject. But he is not accepted by his fellow scientists. He is retired, yet he believed in his theory. So he started his experiments in his own private laboratory. I think you know this.” Lucy said.

J.B. Rhine, along with William McDougall introduced the term “parapsychology”, translating a German term coined by Max Dessoir. It is said that Rhine almost single-handedly developed a methodology and the concepts for parapsychology as a form of experimental Psychology.

Lucy started telling her experience of clairvoyance in simple terms. Paul is more interested in hearing.

“One night, I felt my right eye paining. The pain is heavy.  As if my closest soul experiences this severity. I have this feeling when something happens to my mother. So I called my mother In California by phone and enquired.”

Lucy stopped for a while and continued.

“My mother was astonishing. She had something hit in her right eye. Just few minutes back. How I know this? I think,you are clear now.  Do you believe me clairvoyant?”

Paul expressed his acceptance. Now, there is no doubt. Lucy is clairvoyant.

****

After few days, Paul is again hearing from Lucy.

“My father knows what will happen in some hours or days to come. He knows the future. He is precognizant.”

Paul was disturbed at one thing. He could not understand how all the parapsychology is in the house of Lucy.

“Paul, my father foretold about a cyclone, hitting our city in 1990. He said, it will come at 12 o’clock on 18 February.  We have called the administration, but they did not believe his words. He said that 16 people will die in the city and it is inevitable accident, nobody can stop it. It happened and people wondered. My father’s precognition is so accurate.”

Lucy’s words are enchanting. How Paul cannot believe?

Paul found appropriate time and expressed his love.

“I need some time” Lucy said.

After that, Paul could not meet Lucy for a long time as he was busy with his job related activities.

One day, he went to Lucy’s house where she lives.

It is locked. Where is Lucy?

Just then, a neighbor of Lucy’s house was passing who stopped and gazed Paul.

“I came for Lucy. Where did she go?”

He saw Paul with a wondering eye.

“Who is Lucy? “ He asked.

“The girl living in this house, you know, her name is Lucy.”

“Living in this house? Yes, I remember she is Lucy. “

“Where did she go?”

He gazed me again as if am insane.

“She is dead fifteen years back. The house is locked all these years. “

That man said this and he is gone.

Paul remained as drenched with passion and pain. Is it true?

*****

