Love Short Story – Promiscuous Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Her voice deadpan serious and her tone passive. This wasn’t Lata at her normal self. She was shivering as evident from her diction. The otherwise cheerful and naughty Lata must have come across something which Sandeep wasn’t able to gauge. He had been ignoring her since the time he met Neelam. His relationship with her was affable but there had been a rift, Sandeep was more attracted to Lata’s best friend and roommate Neelam. Sandeep even thought of ignoring the call even then but fortunately picked it up, it was something very severe. Choosing his words very carefully, Sandeep responded

“What is the matter Lata? You don’t seem well.”

Sandeep’s worry knew no bounds, his anxiousness increased manifold. He was sweating; he checked his mobile again to ensure it wasn’t a dream. He scurried throughout his room. He thought of discussing it with Mon – his roommate but hesitated. He kept thinking about his innate relation with Lata. Every intimate moment spent with her came back to him as a haunted dream, frightening him to his very core.

The truth however was way different from what Sandeep had perceived.

As he paced towards hospital in his bike which boasts of many unforgettable memories and unfathomable reality checks, a tiny drop of sweat managed to make its way all the way to his chin. Considering that the weather was dry and heat on the lower side those days in Bhilai, it was unusual. His weary look on the road and thought process in the back of his mind narrated all. The radiance of street lights jigged through his helmet with each stride forward; the white dividers on the road could be hardly be noticed owing to the scary speed that he was in, it was dangerous. The street dogs barked, howled and ran after him but his mind was fixated on the issue in hand, he could hardly notice all of that. The journey till hospital can be surmised as dangerous edging of broken roads coupled with precarious proximity and advances of flesh rupturing beasts.

“Lata…Lata…. Lata…” Sandeep caroled at the reception desk while he panted derisively. He had rushed from the parking space to reception in one breath. He was anxious and losing his mind.

“Calm down Sir, I will have a look, don’t worry.” The lady at the desk assured. She went through the hospitals database but in vain, she couldn’t find anyone named Lata admitted there. She browsed through all the details again but no luck. She lifted her head and said disappointingly

There was buzz in the hospital about it. The people staying with their admitted ones hardly could enjoy any action and their day usually would be tedious and at times hapless and disappointing. The little drama created just now had been an escape from the routine for them, everyone was watching all of it with silence in their mouth and curiousness in their eyes. The commotion spread to the ICU as well where Lata was seated, she started to walk towards the reception to ensure everything is alright only to find Sandeep brawling with the receptionist.

Lata rushed to Sandeep’s rescue.

Sandeep was interrupted by Lata now

Lata looked at him with blank eyes and said

“Tammy met with an accident, he is in ICU, he was with Taniya and she….” she choked and started crying.

“Tell me already god damn it.” Cried Sandeep, now a little bit alleviated knowing Lata is fine. But the story was yet to be unfolded.

“She is no more Sandeep; she is no more….” Wailed Lata and hugged him; she continued to sob and kept repeating the same thing. He comforted her but after few minutes another concern stormed his mind. He released Lata from the embrace and asked

“Have you informed Neelam?”

Sandeep looked at her and was able to feel the agony that she was going through. Losing her bestie in an accident had baffled her. The sole responsibility to inform Neelam was bestowed on Sandeep. He too was nonplussed and did not have the courage to face Neelam.

Location: Konnapa Agrahara, Bangalore

“I am waiting near Venkateshwara theatre.”

After two more minutes of extended search finally I was able to get hold of Sandeep. He was my colleague before I parted ways with that organization and moved to Bangalore. My equation with him always had been spot on as I was a writer and he, a fantastic story teller. There were numerous stories reeled off by him during those chai-sutta breaks in office or in those post drinks rendezvous however the aforementioned tale in particular was my favorite.

Sandeep too following my footsteps had come down to Bangalore in search of a better job. Being the torchbearer of the Bangalore movement grotesquely, I had to ensure his stay and be his guide in this job search.

