Friends Story – A page from a girl’s dairy

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dear dairy,

 2nd July 2016

 Study Room

Here I am again with a “BESTIE FIGHT”. Yesterday a fight broke out between me and Vishu. The reason was too silly and if I narrate it to someone they might just laugh it off. That’s why I am sharing this with you. Anne frank has rightly said that ‘paper has more patience than humans’.

There was nothing to fight about yet we did fight and it continued till this evening. What happened is, a few days back he sent me a girl’s photo saying that she is his sister’s classmate. He didn’t mention anything related to that girl after that. I didn’t see any point in he sending me some unknown girl’s photo for no particular reason except wasting my data on downloading the photo. Yesterday he again sent 3-4 photos of the same girl in different poses and told me it was his friend’s girlfriend who lives in Goa. He probably did that thinking I won’t be able to recognise the girl or he just forgot that he had sent me the same girl’s photo before but with a different tag line.

I was angry because he lied on my face. I will tell you, one of the most ‘tongue irritating moment’ is when someone is telling you a lie and you already know the truth. And the worst part about it is that SOMEONE is your best friend. Yeah, I was the one to start the fight. Because I hate lying ‘unnecessarily’. When I asked the reason for lying he said he wanted me to get jealous.

See, if he wants me to get jealous of a girl he could have done something better. Like ‘she is my new best friend from now on’ or ‘heh! She is my girlfriend’ or something. There was no reason for me to get jealous of that ‘photo girl’ just because she is his sister’s classmate or because she is the girlfriend of his friend whom I have never seen. And moreover anyone with a good eyesight will know that I am more beautiful than she is. I am not exaggerating though!

Who knows what he thinks? People say it’s hard to understand a woman’s mind. But who told it’s easy to know a man’s mind? None! I don’t get any logic in his stupid ‘making-Madhu-jealous-mission’. In fact I don’t even have an idea why would I even get jealous in the first place? When I ask him for an explanation , he never seems to understand my ‘questions’ and comes up with a lot more nonsense-unrelated bunch of sentences which he thinks he is answering me to the point! What a dumb head! It’s a million rupee question: how the hell he can make it to first topper in every single exam and how girls fall at his feet literally begging him to be their boyfriend.

I really pity that unlucky girl who marries him. She might fall from his 16 storey apartment and commit suicide out of frustration listening to his ‘convincing but meaningless’ answers. He is so stupid sometimes, it’s hard to find if he pretends to be like an idiot in front of me or is it the way he actually is. Even after making up from this dumb fight I still don’t understand why he did that. Now when I think of it I feel like crying and laughing at the same time.

Well, I guess he likes me little more than just best friends or should I say it’s just the way he cares for me? I don’t know. Only time can say that.

Madhu.

 10:40 pm

–END–

