Calling from P.S. – Short Story Funny Experience

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sun was out. In fact, I think, long ago. I could sense the heat of the sun rays falling on my face, coming right through the windowpane. I peeped into my cell phone.

Holy sh*t! It was 10am by now. Not again!

I jumped up from the bed like a monkey, threw my quilt away and ran down towards the stairs with the empty water vessel. I came down to the ground floor like a kangaroo, hopping two to three steps at a time.

Me (panting): Uncle! Drinking water has not come yet.

Rent holder:  Yes. But you missed it.

This is perhaps my third time. In Hyderabad, the drinking water is supplied every alternate day. If you miss it, then there is no option but to buy the same. I did so.

Recently, I have come here after completing my graduation, in hunt of a job.

I stood at the ground floor for few minutes to repossess my balance. I came upstairs and got fresh.

I made myself a cup of tea and switched on my laptop that was lying in the bed. I have applied for few vacancies through the job sites. However, was still waiting for contact. While I was updating my profile, my cell phone rang up.

It was flashing an unknown number. I picked up with undue delight.

Me: Hello!

Caller: Hello. Is this Amit Gupta?

Me: Yes.

Caller: I am calling from the Saifabad police station. Myself, Salim javed, Sub-inspector.

On hearing that, I sensed a twinge in my stomach. In my twenty years, I have neither received a call from police station or nor even dreamt of so.

Me: Oh! Ok.

Sub-inspector: I want a little information about Mr. Nitish Mehta.

Me: Nitish Mehta……

Sub-inspector: Yes, Nitish Mehta, marketing executive at Sakshi enterprise.

Me: Oh! Yes! Yes!

Nitish is a friend of mine. We were together until school. He completed his graduation in Hyderabad and now works at Sakshi. We met each other last night, at a rest aura. Nitish gave a treat to his pals for his up gradation.

Sub-inspector: Mr. Nitish and his car are now in our custody.

I stood out of my bed.

Me: Why? What happened?

Sub-inspector: There was a hit and run case at Necklace road at around 11pm last night. The victim is fighting with death at Yashoda hospital.

I was literally dumbstruck.

Sub-inspector: Hello! Are you there?

Me: Yes, I am listening sir.

Sub-inspector: Ok. From an eyewitness, we had the license plate number of the car. We got your contact from Nitish’s call log. He called you several times last night.

My hands were shaking. I started to move back and forth from one corner to other of my bedroom.

Me: Sir, I understand. But he dropped me at around 10pm. There were some other friends with him, who were planning to go for a long drive. However, I did not accompany them.

Sub-inspector: Ok, that is fine. But you have to come to the police station and give your statement for verification.

Me: But sir!

Sub-inspector: No but. See you tomorrow.

Before I could reply, he hanged up the call.

I sat on one corner of my bed, muddled up. It was a new city and I did not know the whereabouts of it. My body was warming up and I started perspiring. I felt of calling at home. However, recalling the tension already prevailing in my house regarding my career, I withdrew. There was no second thought of asking my rent holder. I was cursing at Nitish as far as I could, but in my mind.

I was about to call one of my cousin, who stay in Hyderabad, when my cell phone was flashing another unknown number. I refused to pick up.

A few second later, again it was ringing. It was the same number. I pressed the “silence” option and kept it aside.

Third time, I thought other way.

Was it the inspector? What would happen…..if he comes here in search of me? No way, I cannot shoulder that risk. I could foresee the face of my rent holder.

I picked it up.

Me: Hello.

Caller: Amit!

Me: Yes. Who are you?

Caller: Me, Nitish.

After hearing that, I could not resist. I vomited out all the slang language, to best of my knowledge, at one go.

However, from other side I could hear a group of people laughing their heart out and singing “April fool banaya…….”

Me: You guys! Damn.

I even had a look at my profile, which read, “Last updated April 1

 2012”.

Nitish: See you at the evening. I will pick you up. Bye.

I broke the seal of the bottle and had a sip of water. I was really smiling like a fool, recollecting the whole episode.

__END__

