Hi! Kiara Sehgal..I have a story of my life that changed my way of living at a point.

That was the time when I was in my 12

 standard. My life was going very smooth. I have a very loving family,who always support me to fulfill my dreams. I used to be a introvert person, have many friends but none of them was close to me. I have a kind of best friend bot not so best for me, her name was Sanaya. She was so loving and caring towards me.We used to be friends since 7

 standard.

Sanaya and I share a good bond with each other.She shares everything with me or should I say almost everything? One day,when our lunch break is going on she came to me and told me about her crush on a boy.But,I don’t know why I was not liking it,not because I too have a crush on that boy(what you would think!),just because the boy was not good for Sanaya.We also had a fight over that topic because I don’t want that Sanaya would talk to him,but she did without my consider.

That boy Ankush was not even as good to resolve a fight between me and Sanaya. And the worst part is Sanaya was against me and supporting him in all this. But as everyone say, time went by so fast.

And two weeks later,Sanaya came to me with a sorry card in her hand.I want to accept that card but the inner-ego in me don’t want me to do that.I tore that card in front of Sanaya itself inspite of knowing that she was as much heart-broken as me.

Sometimes,we should do things over our ego because after that you don’t even have the time or luck to say things,that you want to.

Three days later,I was laying on my bed when a phone call has shaken me up.That phone call was from Ankush to inform me that Sanaya is no more.Sanaya had an accident that noon when she was coming from school back to her home.

I could not believe it,so I went to her house and at that time when I entered her house I got a numb sensation all over my body.It was like the land moving below my feet and i will swallow into it.That was the worst day of my life,believe it was worse than ever.

I have a lot to say to her but I could not just because of my ego of the not-talk-revenge.How could I be so stupid? I should talk to her when she came to me with that card,may be then it would not happen.I should come with her from school to home,may be then that accident would not be happen and she would be with me all the long life.

I don’t know what happen to Ankush after that,but one thing was confirmed that my life would not going to be same as before.

After that incident, I stop making new friends.I was so stressed that for some days I had not even talk to my parents. Then one day my father has told me something, “The death is planned even before the birth of a person and we cannot do anything with it.But one thing we can do,is to make our life worthwhile to live it for someone”.

Sanaya has a dream to write a story about out friendship and now I am doing it. May be this way, I could overcome my guilt of not being able to talk to her at her last time.

–END–

