Short Story of Friends – Infinite

(c) YourStoryClub.com

The sun had set. And the blanket of sky was dipped in various shades- blue, pink, gold and the lightest shade of green, which I found the most alluring among all.

Walking along the road, I admired the beautiful sunset.

Being awestruck by the view, I zoned out from the ‘career’ related conversation, that was going on between my friends- ‘Anwesha, Surbhi’ and me.

“Oye, Vaidehi” Surbhi’s voice startled me, “care to reply, what we asked?”

“What?” I replied, confused.

“Zoned out.. Again..” Anwesha commented, emphasizing the last words with air quotes.

I groaned. I am not very attentive person, hence I tend to zone out numerous times.

“We asked, what rank do we hold in your life?” Surbhi asked, crossing her arms over her chest.

“Hey..” I protested, ” It’s a stupid question. Is my life a merit list, where you guys and others will have certain ranks?” I added, rolling my eyes dramatically.

“You are exaggerating it, Vaidehi” Anwesha countered,” It’s just a simple question. Now answer.” she finished in a no nonsense tone.

My gaze darted to and fro between the faces of my two best friends, and I saw their brown eyes filled with so much intense determination that I knew they won’t let me go without knowing my answer.

Sighing, I gave up.

I paused for a moment to reply, but it felt like eternity.

“Infinite” I answered, finally.

“Infinite..? ” Anwesha asked, frowning, “What is this supposed to mean..?”

Sensing their confusion, which was however evident on both faces, I decided to proceed further.

” The most beautiful relationships of our life begin, unexpectedly and stay with us till our last breath.” I said, smiling and added more, ” Your rank, or say our relationship, is infinite, countless. Being infinite, it is meant to be remembered by every breath.”

Within blink of my eye, they pulled me into a tight bear hug and that too in the middle of scarcely crowded road.

“Guys.. I.. Can’t breathe..” I managed to say, whilst laughing.

“We love you, cutti..” They sang in unison.

“I love you, too, meri tilchittiyon..” I replied.

__END__

