Short Story Friends – The person I once hated the most, taught me the real meaning of friendship

Short Story Friends – The person I once hated the most, taught me the real meaning of friendship

Photo credit: 

 from 

We met in class x, having in mind very little memories of the little time we had shared in class iii. Class ix had been a phase of change for all of us. Subjects changed,friends parted away. So we were all set to make new ones. Although she was not in the same section as me, but her friends being there in my section, she used to visit our class daily in the lunch break. We shared nothing but glances for more than an year till in class xth when i was introduced to  their group and became a member.

I was soon able to strike a chord with everybody except this girl. For formality sake,in the beginning, we tried to be sweet in front of each other. But even this sweetness could not be maintained for long. Different choices,ideas and beliefs for anything and everything made our friendship really unusual, friendship, if it really was.

I have always in my life wanted to be good to everybody. I hated her, not only because she was not good to me but also because inspite of my efforts, she did not find me good. Two years passed and in class xiith, I decided to change the

 scene. I was tired of all this. So i decided to give this relationship a new name-‘Best Dushmans’ it was.

Sounds funny and strange at the same time. But this is what we are. I had never imagined that a change in name could prove to be such a miracle. Soon our hatred changed into laughter and i did not even realize when this changed into real love. Yes,today we are the best of friends and the first ones to share our secrets.

This experience of my life has taught me that we should not give up any relationship before trying. We are best friends but we are ‘best dushmans’ and will always be. Nobody can ever change this. Any relationship which is sour in the beginning proves out to be more special than the rest later on. Our friendship or rather enemity is so special that nobody except the two of us can ever understand it. This has really improved me as a friend, as a person and has given me real touch of emotions and relationships.

__END__

