Short Story – Friendship never dies

Photo credit: 

 from 

“A friend in need is a friend indeed.”

Friends are an important part of our life . Life without friends is as awkward as a tree without leaves. To make friends is a very easy task but if they lose trust in you, to get back that trust is very difficult task. Integrity and truthfulness in friendship will always pay you back. We never lose friends in life but we realize that who the real one’s are!!

I realized true friendship on the night of New year . Since the winter solstice I was not talking with Robin, my best friend but I think it was my fault due to which our friendship broke. But I hoped that he would forgive me but it wasn’t so… ,he took it seriously. Since then I was feeling forlorn and sad. Happiness had flown away from my life. An important part of my life was missing.

On Christmas eve I glanced that Robin was in trouble. He got surrounded by street dogs. I knew that he had cynophobia ,so I went to help him. He was happy to see me but denied to accept it. I realized it by seeing in his eyes which were mingled with tears of joy , sorrow and anger. I implored him to forgive me but he just stayed placid and thanked me and went back , as if I were a stranger for him.

Actually what happened on the day of winter solstice was that I ditched Robin. But it was ambiguous that he doesn’t know. Few days before I consulted the oracle and it gave me the prophecy that :-

“ The vows that you have made will malice the emotions of your ally

Your perpetual friendship will surely have an end

Your unnecessary benefits will increase his mirth of disgrace

Leading to the deaths of three , reaching to the infinite phase!!”

I was unable to understand it . but it is said that it always comes true. On that day there was personality competition and I was sure to win . I glanced that Robin was trying very hard this time. So I promised him that I would not submit my form for the competition. He was very happy to hear this. But when the results came we were shocked to hear the winner’s name , it was me. I didn’t understand that how my form reached there but I didn’t even had an evidence to prove Robin that I haven’t ditched him purposely, it was ambiguous. Someone had played a prank with me . Our friendship broke . I observed that he was seriously depressed. He took an oath that he would never ever talk with me again.

Today is New year night. I was still not able to understand the prophecy . I was talking to my myself and suddenly I clashed with a guy. He was none other but Robin. He just said sorry and went on. I felt audacious and went towards him and told him that it was not my fault . I begged him for forgiving me. He said that I will forgive you  but for me dignity and trust will always be low for you. He said so and went towards a lonely street. I followed him secretly. It was a dark winter night and all fog around I was unable to see anything. Suddenly I saw a flash of a torch . I went towards it and on the bicycle was no other but Robin. He had forgiven me and we were friends again. I told him about the prophecy but he too was unable to understand it.

Suddenly we heard a vociferous cry of a child. Due to echoes we couldn’t actually find the direction of sound. So we both clefted . On my way I observed a poster of a wanted criminal who fleed from the jail. Suddenly I saw a cave and I found the child. He told me that the fugitive had imprisoned him. Soon we went near the bicycle but the thick fog had made us unable to find it. Suddenly I observed the flash of torch and went near it. The child holded me tight with his velvet hands. As we were moving I heard a beap of horn and huge flashes of light coming towards us. Robin shouted at us move away but it was too late. Suddenly he clashed with us to save us but after that I don’t know what happened.

When I woke up I realized that we three were lying in a place which was as beautiful as the firmaments . I observed that a horde of people, dressed like gods, were appreciating Robin’s gallance and true friendship. Sooner I realized that we were in heavens ,the firmaments. Then I reviewed over the prophecy and realized that I have caused three deaths and have leaded us all to a infinite world of heavens. I felt mentakky languished and couldn’t forgive myself . And now I have realized what true friendship means.

__END__

