Friends Short Story – A moving moment just wait

Photo credit: 

 from 

I still remember 3rd August, 2009 when I entered BRCM college in Bahal, Bhiwani for the first time. I was least expecting anything better to happen with me. That was the first day when I attended lecture for my Graduation- Bachelors of Technology. There were faces which wanted to eat me. There were faces which wanted to test me. There were faces which asked if I was a retard or something. But there were also some faces which were busy in exploring themselves if they could prove themselves in this new environment. I caught my hold on them. And then the series began. A moving moment just wait.

On 18

 october,2012, I sat for the last lecture of my graduation. It has been a very beautiful journey from 3rd August, 2009 to 18

 october,2012. To make my self happy, I don’t say that I had these friends from last 3.5 years. They make fun of my logic but that makes me smile. Now, the thought of leaving all these fun is provoking me to blast and cry. I just can’t imagine some of my friends going away from me. I can’t imagine that the time to bunk lectures and chit-chat in canteen with a cup of tea has gone. The time to irritate the lecturers whom we hated has gone. The time to wait for our favorite lecturer to enter the class has gone. The time to make fun of each other in group has gone. The time to abuse our friends and laugh on the creativity we used to create new abuse has left us behind. It has become a phase of life when everything seems to be as I am sitting in a train and I can see everything going behind but I can’t do anything as a better destiny is calling.

60 Friends and 8 Lecturers !!! How can I forgot them in my life? From next year, whenever anyone will say that “I am in Graduation”, all the faces which laughed with me, which sang with me, which danced with me, will start running in front of me. Those trips to Rishikesh, Dehradun & Mussoorie, those chit-chatting in canteen, hostel, Little World will once again flow in my mind. The numerous sittings for completing Assignments, Submissions and PROJECTS will be remembered for a long time. Standing in class as punishment, running in the corridor to reach canteen at the first after being hurled out of the class, the race of submitting answer-sheet at the very first in Unit Tests, the cutting of cakes on each others’ birthday, teasing each other by their partner’s or crush’s name and I don’t know WHAT, WHAT will I remember. First, motivating a friend for making him to talk something good and once he began, demotivating and teasing him again was the best thing I will always remember. I will miss my favorite teachers a lot. And to the one I hate, and one girl whom I love very much, I will miss her every moment but I can’t forget her who is a my friend.

So, from now, as everything which was present and in execution has turned into EVENTS OF PAST or GRADUATION TIME for me. But the faces of my beautiful friends, the affection that they had with me, the love and tears which they had shared with me, the secrets which they had shared with me, the support they has given me will remain with me in my HEART till DEATH. I pray GOD and ask him to BLESS all of them with GREAT FUTURE as all of them DESERVE to be at a GOOD PLACE in LIFE. And my dear FRIENDS, I just ask all of you to REMEMBER me whenever you THINK of the BEST BUDDIES you had in your LIFE. I don’t ask you to MEET me often but I expect you to REMEMBER me by HEART and send your LOVE through PRAYING and WISHES. In the END, I will MISS ALL. That’s all I can say for now. I am already in a very sad state to speak anything which can make all of you laugh.

–END–

Parveen Kumar

