Friends Short Story – The Littlest Town

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“You ready Tif?”

 “Yes mommy!” Tiffany Stanley replied, quickly change into her shirt and shorts, then ran downstairs.

“Grab a sandwich on the table, and hurry get on the car.”

 Tif did what her mother told her to do.

They are going to the caves, with a red little car, driving on the little road that never has any traffic. Tiffany is a eleven year old girl with her cousin Billy who is thirteen. She is the only child in the family, and her father died when she was born. Nobody ever talks about her father, and she does not even know how he had died. All she knows is that her father’s name was James Stanley, and it is forbidden to talk about it or him anymore.

After a two and a half hours of drive, they finally arrived at their destination.

 “Wow…that looks like something.” Billy cried out.

 “…I know right! That looks amazing, not like anything that I’ve ever seen before!” Tif agreed with her cousin. She has always been in their little cabin ever since she was born and she has never gone anywhere far from their cabin until today.

“Ok kids, help me to set up the picnic table and we will visit the cave later.” Mother broke their conversation.

 Everyone got out of the car and started to carry the things they brought to the grass. Tif also brought a dark black bag along with her favourite toy Lucy the bunny. She has never gone this far so she needed Lucy to make her feel safe like home.

They together set up the table, and started to put up food on there.

 ‘”Take whatever you want that is on here. There are three beef sandwiches, three bowls of tomato salads, and….” Mom went on about what they have. “Now everyone take a sandwich and start enjoy your meal!” She ended her speech with a smile.

Tif knows it is strange but she is the only one in the family that doesn’t like beef, and she absolutely hated the smell of it. So it is a really hard task for her to finish this sandwich. Then Tif thought about putting the sandwich in her bag and throw it out in the cave afterwards. “Umm mom, I need to pee, where can I go?”

 “Oh dear, why didn’t you do that before you come here? Let me see, there! You see that green rectangular thing over there, that is an emergency bathroom.”

 “Oh thanks mom!” Tif took her sandwich, stuffed it in her bag and started off to the direction where her mother was pointing a moment earlier. Once she got there, she waited for five minutes and went back.

 “Oh…I am so full already…” She lied.

 “Why honey, did you finish your sandwich already?” Mom questioned.

 “Yes.”

 “Then do you want to walk around the cave with Billy?” Mom offered. “Just don’t go too far ok? Somewhere I can see you.”

 “Ok mom.” Tif then turned to Billy. “Come on, let’s go!”

Together, they set off to the cave and they have no idea what was waiting for them.

 

(To be Continued. Hi guys, this is the first chapter, are you enjoying it? Stay tuned and the next chapter will come out soon :) )

***

