[Is Society Ruining or Favouring!! – Short Story]

herly (Sherlz), Ankitha (Anu), shreejitha (shree–myself) stay in a colony together. Sherlz and Anu were very close right from their childhood; I joined them from my 10

 Std… I and everyone around in that case envy theirs togetherness. It took me sometime to mingle with people here as I had been in an independent house all my life till 10

 learning the art of loneliness.

After seeing people so cheerful I regretted for wasting my childhood, I grew seeing and hearing people play. At schools the ever longing PT sessions were always left in auction for other subject staffs. My companions were Barbie, snoopy (My Pet), TV, and computer. I was provided with all gadgets which a normal child of that age would have, my only pass time was them as my parents are working and they rarely find time for themselves. As I grew working on gadgets seemed tiring and I wanted to be among people with lot of friends, I heard of this colony through one of my school mates, her talk kindled the urge of my anxiety and I forced my parents to shift there immediately. The colony appeared like a mini forest with trees all over, dogs (chocolate, collar doggy, handsome) running among kids. Seasonal flowers and leaves forming a carpet on the ground, it had 3 grounds big enough for a mini tournaments.. gals and boys playing hide and seek, I slowly walked over its site to my new house. It took us 2 days to get settled. Sherly and Anki alias Anu were my neighbors.

On the 3

 day as I was watching many others playing in the ground, Sherlz and anu getting ready for a cycle ride, they invited me to join them; with a little hesitation I agreed and rushed. We had very formal introductions and rode to a nearby park where they spend most of their time sharing the day’s topics. It was difficult for me to get along with their conversation, while I still listened to few general seeming issues and was looking at the children playing, oldies discussing on improving the society and blaming few, couples giggling at their silly jokes. Everything seemed new to me. In few days of cycling with though I still couldn’t get in track with their conversations I started understanding what they are. Both are of two varying characters — Anu is a very simple and reserved gal, she is pretty with a South Indian skin tone, looks little chubby than a normal girl though she equally compliments her height she feels complex among others, while Sherly is right opposite to her, she’s also of similar skin tone while she carries herself with a very stylish and modern attitude which most of the gals called hep/hi-5 posses. Everyone wondered about the compatibility between them.

Their families lived for the society as many of the Indian families do, and Anu’s parents were always honored and praised by others for having a daughter like Anu,. Sherly obvious she had tiring advices to learn from almost everyone in the colony including the watchman though she doesn’t give them a space to complete their concerning advices. She cursed the society and their words unlike us. Days rolled by and we came to colleges all three of us in 3 unique colleges. Sherlz preferred arts college, while me and Anu chose engg., sherly had so much fun, she fell into the rite nest we thought.. sherly became more modern while we both became more professional. Sherly got influenced by her college a lot, all of us completed her college and settled with decent jobs. The times we spend with sherly reduced gradually, she got her lot of people to mingle with where she felt more comfortable pubbing, smoking and drinking was her world she always intended to pull us in to her life, it was cos of anu’s strong determination even I managed to stay away of all those. Anu got committed to a guy, off course any guy ‘ll like her character, the guy whom she accepted is really lucky. Soon I was transferred to B’lore and our lives changed apparently. We had very minimal contact with each other.

After a year when I got back things have all toppled, the talks that people muttered changed, there were all rumors as I stepped into the colony. I rushed to Anu’s house where her parents started complaining about Anu to me, I wanted to meet Anu first. Ignoring to aunt and uncle I went up to Anu’s room, she looks so ill. Was shocked thinking how people could change in a year.

Anu: “remember Sherly used to laugh at me for loving a guy. As she promised she proved to be good gal now to the same society which cursed her in the past.”

Myself: Anu, yes I do remember but how did this happen, how come parents also turned against all of sudden?

Anu: Society Shree this stupid society is the cause for everything.

Myself: are darling pl tell me clearly as what happened, I do not have patience to reconstruct your phrases to understand what had happened.

Anu: I had got some proposal where I had to deny and reveal about my love parents than worrying about the guy and my life started worrying on what society would speak.

Myself: Gosh! Ok stop crying and what has sherly got to do with this?

Anu: She is engaged to a guy from states which her parents suggested. None knows neither are worried about her past Shree, she’s our friend but still unable to accept on what logic people are driven Shree—she burst into tears, I had to accompany her nothing else.

Her questions remained unanswered, I had no answer either. Now who will be considered good and who is bad?? Who has to learn from whom? “Outside world influence nothing on our lives except for blowing trumpets based on the circumstances—they are mere monkeys off course we are from that creature where its characteristics will go” is this statement of sherly right??? LIFE remains unanswered!!!!

__END__

