Short Story Love – THE LOVE TRIANGLE

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was my best friend and I prefer not to take her name. One day she died. She thought it was a one way answer to all the questions but the truth was that she left behind only questions, more questions….

 

15 the Feb, 2011

 03:30 am

Trin-trin, trin- trin, trin- trin……..

The telephone was ringing continously. I got up and checked the time. It was too late and too ealry. I got up from my bed when my head was still sleeping, walked towards the hall where the phone was urging to pick it up. As I moved down I saw the outside scene from thw window. It was raining heavily. For a second I stoped pale-dead before the window. I saw that my best friend Meena was standing there. Well how was is possible???Probably it was just an illusion. I was still in a sleepy state.

I got to the phone and picked it up.

“Hello?”

“Hello Rashmi I am Geeta, Meena’s room-mate. Look you immeditely come to the city hospital. Meena is in a critical situation.”

“What?”

I screamed.

“How? What are you saying? WHat happened?”

I burst out crying.

“Rashmi please calm down. You come here. She needs you”

The line was disconnected and I was drowned in the rain of tears. This rain was much heavy and dreadfull and desparing then the rain outside.

I was scared.

I opened the door took out my car and went driving madly as fast as I could to the hospital. All my childhood and special moments with Meena were flashing by. It was hard for me to drive. My eyes were blocked to see the way. I was crying.

I reached the hospital. Hurried to her ward.

I opened the door of her ward and went in. But she layed still. No motion.

“Meena please stop this drama. I have come all the way fighting against the bad wheather, just for you. Please get up. meena talk to me”

But she did not responded.

I ran out of the place. I screamed and I cried.

Next day I went to her room to collect all her belongings. She was alone in this world. It was just she and me. We were the orphans. Grew up together, treating each other like kids and parents. We were the world to each other.

I decided to keep all her things with me, always!

I reached my house and opened up the bag. There was a scrapbook. It was hers. All the memoried were before my eyes. I feel choked.

Then I saw a diary and opened it. A paper dropped from it. I picked it up and read it.

“Dear Arush,

 I am sorry! I didn’t knew that you love Rashmi. If I would have known it I would have never expressed my feelings to you. But Arush please you don’t tell all this to Rashmi. I promise I would leave you two happily. Please take care of my best friend. My first love and my world

 Thanks”

I cried more. Arush was my husband. Was I the murdurer?

I opened up her diary. The last page of it.

“Dear diary,

 I am sorry I can’t take you with me. This is our last meeting. I have decided to exit this life. The reason is very simple. “I QUIT”. I tried to live without Arush and Rashmi but I failed. Those words of Arush pain me. He said I am curse and the worst thing that could ever happen. I bring disgrace to him and Rashmi.’

Oh God! She died because of me. She left me. How could she do this???

How could Arush keep such a big thing from me.

I felt I have lost everything I had.

and till that time my life is under rain…..

 

I miss you Meena….

Look I have send your love to you. I have send Arush to you.

Look I punished him for his words to you which caused you pain.

Look I killed him….

__END__

