Friends Short Story – Sparkle of Memories

Photo credit: 

“Hustle and bustle amidst the dark clouds…..an enthusiastic few have already taken their places in the grey curtained sky podium….and a good many lining up….it’s not raining yet….hmmm…..maybe they are waiting for one among them to initiate the orchestra…the euphony of the mystic rain” Mayukha was always in love with the rain and couldn’t help smiling at the clouds.

A melodious mobile ring tone rippled from her bag.

Stirred from her oneiric thoughts, Mayukha answered her mobile.  It was Manav, her darling husband calling to inform that he would be late and hence, sending their driver to pick her from office. “Ah….joys of having a journalist husband” she replied and they both laughed.

Mayukha and Manav got married two years ago and in spite of Manav’s demanding work life they are very happy together and shared a strong bond.  At 26, Mayukha was quite successful in her career and has already started to ascent the corporate ladder. Her life graph is akin to most of the upper middle class Indian girls…..brought up with strong family values, smart, independent and would never squander an opportunity to prove her.

She got up from the steps at her office entrance and walked towards the front gate. The wind fluttered her cyan kurtha and caressed her long layered hair. Her makeup was merely a matching bindi, a tinge of kajal on her doe-like eyes and a light dab of lip gloss. The nail polish, however, was never a part of her makeup …it has somehow fused into her personality.

It was nearing dusk and there was a bevy of people everywhere hastening to plunge into their personal lives. “There are as many diverse kinds of people as the number of people in this world…each individual is so unique!” she looked at the crowd and marvelled at the eternal Creator.

Scanning around, she spotted her car approaching and waved. While stepping into the car, she squinted at the clouds that were still contemplating. The car sped into the highway leaving the hubbub behind.

Mayukha relaxed in her seat and started searching for something to read. It was not a strenuous job as Manav’s proud collection of newspapers, magazines and journals was almost a part of their car. “Yippee” she was excited to find a Vogue and started enthusiastically browsing through the pages.

“Heyyy!” Her heart almost skipped a beat when she turned to the eleventh page but her brain had already commanded her to have a second thorough look at the smiling lady in the photograph. Her eyes raced through the news feature to confirm her name. “Here it is….Meghna Das…Wow!!!” she beamed.

Her long and lithe fingers traced the lines while she read the article. “Meghna Das….winner of the Nail pro competition, Las Vegas 2012….top nail fashion expert in Mumbai……pioneer in revolutionising the Indian nail art industry….” . She paused and looked outside for her mind to catch its breath.

There was a plethora of emotions….of course the prominent among them was happiness.  Her mind and heart struggled to find a starting point.

“Meghna” …her dear friend who once meant the world to her.  Life is bit bizarre, isn’t it?… sometimes it offers you a precious gift to keep close to your heart…. then, it drifts you till you are no longer attached….even the links are buried deep…..and one fine day, it unearths them and you are in surprise and shock.

She returned to the magazine and her eyes lit up when she read the words from her long-lost buddy

“The nail art revolution is a beauty movement created for and by women

……… a celebration of feminine creativity ….an expression becoming louder and prouder now………

….the cult of nail art is becoming an industry in its own right and I am honoured to be part of it…….

…fashion is just a facet of an individual and should not be used to gauge the worth of a person….it is the inner beauty that matters…”

She finished reading and her gaze turned to the rain drops as they landed slantingly on the side glass and trickled downwards. The sluice-gate of her past life slowly unbolted for a heavy gush to flow in…….

…..the cute memories of their childhood….the bubbly memories of their teenage….the school and dance classes…

……their dreams to be part of the fashion movement…..their happy hours of nail polishing and creativity……

……their love for the rain….and the hugs and promises when life chose diverging paths…..

“All those moments are still so fresh and fragrant…I miss her so much….I miss her friendship and warmth” she opened the window and poured her thoughts to the rain. She smiled at the reply as the rain slivers hit her face.

…………………………………………………..

“Hello…Welcome to Sparkle Nail Couture Studio….Mia speaking…how can I help you?” a crisp female voice answered.

“Huh….Hi…..May I speak to Meghna Das? I am Mayukha…..her friend”

“Please hold on”.

Mayukha heaved a sigh of relief. It took her at least an hour for tracking down Meghna’s contact details. However, she was too thrilled to feel tired after her long day.

The top coat on her beautiful nails sparkled softly in the dim light of her living room. “Oh Meghz….don’t make us wait too long” She looked at them and frowned playfully.

Couple of minutes passed and finally….

“Hello Meghna Das here”

Mayukha was too excited and had to gulp down her feelings to speak. “Hi Meghz…. you remember me?”

“Oh my”…she heard a squeal on the other side. “Mayuuuu….I can’t believe it’s you…I really can’t..”

That was a pretty lengthy gap. They had a huge potpourri of a zillion topics and thoughts to gift each other….”only girls will understand” they both said and laughed.

Even in the midst of their euphoria, they could not forget how their most loved love made them gravitate to each other.

They longed for their teenage days as they tried to recollect the “dedication verse” they had composed together.

“O lovely sparkling coat!

With all our hearts we dote

From pretty pink to unglazed umber

Our precious leitmotif to remember”

Peals of laughter followed.

__END__

———————————————-

