Short Story Friends – Spring and the Rain !

Photo credit: 

 from 

26 th January, 2001.

Surat, Gujarat.

 

They says that What happens with you in your life, is already decided…

Well, I don’t believe it !!!

Sorry for starting this by one of the silly qoutes from internet, but I think it’s a standard procedure :-p !!!

So, where was I??? Oh yeah, 26th January…

Oh don’t worry it’s not about any corrupted politics or freedom of India, something something, it’s about me…

Silly me,

Crazy me,

Damn me,

Stupid me,

but Pretty me !!!(Boys don’t get it seriously, you envy I know :-*)

and some other stuffs…

I don’t exactly know how to start, so let’s start from starting…

The Starting.

 

I was only 5 and sitting with my mother on one of those benches in my school’s ground. It was a small function for Republic day celebrations and Appreciating first rankers of my school by prizes. One after one, Principal was announcing names, Students were going on the stage with fake smily faces and  Coming back with a big colorful gift in their hands. I was looking them and trying to understand what’s really happening there. My little sister, who was only 3, was sitting quietly near Geeta aunty, must be thinking ‘What the F I am doing here?’

Geeta aunty, our neighbour and beloved family friend And beside her, Geeta aunty’s daughter……DHRUTI…

my classmate, my friend……Reason of I’m alive…!!! That’s why I gave her a Capital letters.

And beside DHRUTI, it was Dhruv, her twin brother, was also there, beside her.

‘Ashvin Hedau, Junior KG’, suddenly I heard my name taken by my principal in mic, breaking my day dreaming. My mom awakened me by putting hand on my head,

“Go!!!” She said, smiled, tapping my head.

I got up and ran to the stage like a little child, well I was one!!! My principal put one big colorful wrapped gift box in my hand, with a big fake smile. I was first ranker in my first year of study. I was so happy. Well, some of you must thinking that what’s so big deal to coming first in Junior KG, but…Did you???

I took it and in two seconds, I was back to my mother, ran from stage quickly.

Because of childishness, I show the gift box to Dhruti, for make her jealous. She gave me a dirty childish look and turned away. Harsh was staring me with envy and may be it was a starting of his rivalry to me.

The function continued and I was boared. I wanted to go home quickly and open the box to see what the gift is.

Suddenly, everyone quickly started get up and run here and there. Before I could understand, Mom held my hand and made me run. Land under my feets, was vibrating and with it my school, too. I was too small for understanding the Earthquake. As we came out of school, I noticed that i left my gift in ground of school. Snatching my hand away from my mother, I ran back in to the ground to get it back. I think my mother shouted to me, but till I had reached to ground. Childrens…Thinks that toys and chocolates are more important than life and love, but i haven’t understood it still i was 20, but it’s another story. My school’s building was too weak to bare this small quake and was ready to fall, Fall on me by the way. The flagpost was there near me. The point of the long and heavy iron rod was aimed me perfectly. I picked up my gift and looked up at nearly falling flag post on me. Suddenly, I felt my hand snatched by a full force at backward and I pulled away from the way of flagpost on me. The top of the flag post just felled 1 foot far from my feet.  I was totally shocked and scared to death, but couldn’t understand what happened. Looked back and I saw Dhruti, was there holding my hand strongly. I stare her for 3 seconds, breathing heavily by fear…But i saw something that i couldn’t understand on that time. Something…I can’t describe!!! She left my hand. For a 5 year old girl, this was miracles. A scene i can’t understand till now. We both ran back to our mothers. I looked at my mother and she slapped my face hardly.

***

“Brother…Wake up brother wake up !!! Come on Wake up…” I heard voice of my sister, and tried to open my eyes, but first thing I felt that strong urge of sleeping. I slept back.

“Brother !!! wake up…” She said again, moving my head right to left.

“Go away sis, its too early…Let me sleep.” I mumnered.

“I know but it’s your maths exam today, don’t you remember?? Wake up, wake up, wake up.” She forced.

“It’s at 9, why this early?  I don’t want to even open my eyes. Let me sleep, and go away, cook some one else.” I mummered again.

“Brother, mom says morning reading is best for 100/100.” She reminded me.

“I was practicing maths till 12 last night, and i think it’s enough preparing for 100/100.” I mummered.

“Okay…

As your wish…

Momm…” She acted to shout.

“Whatt !!! Naah naah, stop” I got up quickly. She gave me an evilish grinn of success and then quickly slept again on her bed.

“Stupid…” I mummered, closed my eyes, sitting.

“Mom…” My sister shouted again.

“I am awake.” I spoke again and hated myself for that.

After the very 12 years, it was one of the usual boring day of my life, and I was still like that little me, Silly, Crazy, Stupid me…

Brushing and Bathing in sleepiness,I sat for revise math once more. But sleep didn’t wanted to leave my head and my started meeching again and again. I looked my sister, she was looking like she gone sleep. Getting a chance, I put my head back on my cushion.

“Mom…” My sister again shouted, getting up as I lied.

I quickly got up. “I am reading.” I spoke. She grinned again and lied back. I looked at clock, it was just 5. I hated my Alarmatic sister and continue math.

***

“Mom, I am going.” I shouted.

“Offoh, how many times I have to tell you???” Mom said, coming to me, taking some sugar in one plate in her hand.

“Don’t say ‘I am going’, instead say ‘I will be back’ .” She said, putting spoon full of sugar in my mouth.

“K.” I smiled and touched her feet.

“Get a full marks in exam.” She blessed.

“Hmm…Will try.” I spoke and quickly taken my umbrella and ran down the stairs. It wasn’t raining, but it was rainy season and rain always tricks us, when we don’t take umbrella with us.

I was living on the second floor, a small house with two small rooms and kitchen, and…

Well, later I will tell a story about my house. I was going to my best friend’s house, Vishal Prajapati. His house was in a same society but in first street, my was in fourth.

The climate was dark. The rainy season and our school was started together.

I was studying in 12th, and it was the first preliminary test of our school. By the way, it was a last paper, but the most dangerous one, The Math…!!!

And as usual, I passed from the Shiv temple at the end of my Street. It was a Dhruti’s house, as one part of Temple. Dhruti’s father was a priest in the Temple, simply ‘The Pujaari’ of the temple, I mean. Mahesh Prajapati, the name suits naah!! His name was same of the one of the most powerful God of Hindu mythology, God Shiv.  He was kind, helpful, and honest, a good man actually.

I passed from the temple. Mahesh uncle was doing his morning worship in temple, on front of the ultimate deity Lord Shiva. Mahesh uncle was fair, good looking and basically fat man with a round spectacles, tilak on forehead and smile on his face; Althought he was Brhamin.

Suddenly Harsh came out from temple with a same look of his father, and looked me.

“Hey Harsh, what’s up dude???” I asked, smiling, naturally.

He didn’t reply, gave me rude look, went towards his house, completely ignored me.

I stare him confusionly, then shrugged my shoulder. Harsh’s behavior usually changes in exam days, and I was used to it. Forgetting about him, I reached to the Vishal’s house, bigger then mine actually. The doors were closed.

“Vishal…” I shouted, as everyday.

The door opened…

“Write it by heart okay.” His mother nicely said.

“Yeah yeah, I know okay. Don’t teach me how to write an exam.” He rudely said.

I gave him confused look, but his behavior wasn’t really good towards his mother. Vishal was tall, black toned but handsome looking guy. Little rude in talking but good heart. The most funny thing was that he was famous in entire society for his strange walking style, when he walks his two legs had more distance then each other, broad walker.

Coming out, he stretched his body and stood for eating air for a while, like he have lots of time for that.

“Morning Ashvin, how are you???” His mother asked me.

“Fine aunty, and you???” I asked, smiling. Vishal quickly came to his bike.

“Come on, we have to go, if your hi hello has ended.” He said.

Aunty put a hand to her head, I shrugged my shoulders and sat behind him on bike.

“Bye aunty..” I greeted.

“Jay mataji.” Vishal also tweeted.

“Ab to sudhar jaa, saale.(Speak nicely dude)” I tapped his head.

“Shut up…” He drove bike out of the society.

“You’re eyes red!!!” He asked.

“Oh!!! yeah…Early morning reading…” I replyed.

“Again??? I think entire previous day was enough.” Vishal said with confusion in his voice.

“Mom says, morning revision is required for best marks.” I told him my story.

“Hahaha…” He started laughing.

“Keep driving…” I said.

We reached to the college.

***

“Just wash out your face and you will feel better…At least get rid of these red eyes !!!” Vishal suggested, staring at my eyes and giving me ‘Whoa!!!’ look.

“I thought same.” I replied moving my eyes at another direction.

We were walking in lobbey of the second floor of our school, going to my class for exam. Lobbey was full of students, running here and there, with a book of maths in their hands. Still can’t understand what they gonna read in last minutes. May be a lucky question.

The environment was dense by tense faces, like there is a war. The math war with a derivation and integration.

I was feeling tired and bored. The sunlight was shining the climate. But then suddenly sunlight had gone, may be a big cloud hid the sun. The crowdy place was now started to being silent. A cold air started blowing.

Vishal stopped on his place with stunned expression.

“Sh*t…” He mummered.

“What happened???” I asked him.

“You felt that???! He asked.

“Yeah may be it will rain.” I suggested.

“Its not rain…Its her…

The storm is coming Ash.” He said.

Confused, I looked at the turning point of the lobby. One girl just turned, looked at us. Her facial expression turned angry and she started walking to us fast, furiously.

“Best of luck buddy.” Vishal said and disappeared in crowd.

“Damn it, not her.” I hated the situation.

Looking her, she was wearing fancy rose red top with devil’s horns and a tail portrayed on it with white design, and blackish girly jeans, heels making her too difficult to walk fast, open styled reddish hairs, falling on her eyes again and again, extra fair and clear face with dangerous angry look, big mascared eyes, figure of a hot model and lips red as blood; everything I always hated, She was Dhruti…!!!

She came to me and caught the collar of my shirt, at my shock.

“Dhruti, Stupid what are you doing???” I asked

“What did you do to my Brother???! She furiously ask me.

“Nothing, i just said ‘ Hi’ to him.” I replied, trying get to rid off from her.

“Ohh!!! Why did talk to him???” She asked more loudly, shaking my collar. Everyone started to stop there, looking at us, enjoying the scene.

I hardly pushed her hands down and said,

“ Because your brother is a idiot, and you are more than him.”

“Huh !!! Don’t call my brother an idiot, understood!!!” She rushed to me, again caught my collar.

“Why? True’s always burns…” I tried to react.

Nikki and Yogesh appeared, running toward us.

“Ohh, not again.” Nikki said, pulling me away of her, and Yogesh was doing same with Dhruti.

“Just leave me, today i will killl him.” Dhruti shouted.

“Ohh actually you can’t , death persons never kill peoples, and you are going to be dead.” I shouted back.

“Ohh come on guys, it’s math’s exam today.” Yogesh reminded us.

“F**k exams! I will…” Dhruti Shouted.

“Stop…”

My cousin sister Bhavna, shouted to us.

Everyone silented by that.

“ You guys, stop behaving like babies and go to the class room, Now.” She ordered, coming to us.

“See you after.” Dhruti whispered, narrowing her eyes and left.

I kept staring her, snatching off myself from Nikki.

“Hello Mr. Smart, Should i send you an invitation?” Bhavna angrily asked.

“Ab…No.” I spoke, and left.

***

Harsh was sitting two benches away from me, i was looking to him again and again, during exam.  I turned back to look Dhruti, she was staring at me, too, angrily, like saying “Stop looking him.”

“Idiot…”I muummered and engaged in exam paper again.

***

Frustrated by late night and early morning reading, and that crazy creature Dhruti, headache chanced on me.  As i completed the exam, i gave my answer sheet to teacher and walked out quickly. I didn’t want anyone to ask me such a silly questions like ‘How was your paper?’ and ‘How much, you will get?’ Without saying a word, i qucikly caught a way direct to the canteen, i sat on one of the empty table in one lone corner, putting my head down on the table.

After some 5 minutes of rest, i heard a voice of something felled on table, i was sitting on. I looked up, with one eye open. She was Dhruti, put her hand hardly on table to wake me up. I let my head down again. I waited for next five minutes and then she spoke rudely, “Party at 5 pm at Dominos…”

“I will be there…” I said same rudely, without looking up.

“But you have to pay, my pocket money is over.” She said.

I kept looking at her, for some seconds.

We both started to laugh at a same moments.

***

With a bottles of coke, and a at least 4 type of cheesy items on the table, we were sitting, enjoying our fast-food party at Dominos. I was feeling more ill, and sitting there silently with bored face. Nikki, Yogesh, Bhavna, Vishal and me were there. They were engaged in talking, laughing, eating and Yogesh’s funny jokes were extra touch in that. Rain was still fountaining the land.

“Guys guys guys, This is the end of our second Prilimanary test and…”

“And after three months, it will be the grand exam of our career.” Bhavna interrupted.

“Yeah…”Everyone shouted in joy.

“Shh…What’s so big deal in that? Stop screaming like crazy, everyone are staring us.” I commented.

“Oh mr. Boring, what’s wrong with you today huh?” Bhavna asked.

“I…”

“Hi guys…”Dhruti appeared and said.

“Whoa, look , it’s our lightening bolt!!!” Nikki said.

“Ohh, here we have a crazy cat.” I mummered.

“Shut up ashley.” Dhruti tapped my head, and sat beside me. Nikki passed a pizza to her.

I moved my chair a foot away of her. She also moved near me. I gave her a dirty look. She grinned and start eating her pizza.

“Where were you D-ruh(Dhruti)?” Nikki asked.

“Ohh, this crazy rain!!! Just running my fem at all.” Dhruti said with dramatical  manner.

“But still, you never forget to look hot D-ruh!!!” Bhavna appreciated her.

I looked at D-ruh, by coner of my eyes. Extra fair face, red lipstick, and styled hair; She was right. Dhruti looked at me and winked at me. I again gave her dirty look. I put the catch-up on the piece of pizza. But, couldn’t do it properly.

“Offoh, ashley you always a dumb!!!” Dhruti said. She snatched a bottle of catchup and put a it easily, making the smily face on pizza.  Her hands were always strong and beautiful at all. I didn’t look at her and start eating the pizza rudely.

“Wow, Here my turn.” Yogesh said, moving his plate to D-ruh.

“Not for you yogesh, it’s special service for Ash yaar.” Nikki said, Vishal laughed a little.

“Come on !!!” Dhruti said and they continued.

I was no more interested in the conversation.

Eating my pizza, i naturally looked out from glass window beside me. Roads were totally wet by hard rain and it was still onwards. Vehicles were hard to see and colorful umbrellas were around. I kept staring the beautiful environment. Suddenly, one girl came under the roof of restaurant with beautiful pink umbrella. She was there because of hard rain and cool wind. My full focus and attention located on her. She was wearing dark blue beautiful top with a full length bies and peacock feather potrayed on it. Her hairs were long and straight, beautiful i mean. She was standing there looking at out, and i couldn’t see her face. She was continuesly moving her hairs to back and may be waiting for rain to stop. She had a side tution bag with her.

“Just turn…”I thought.

Suddenly, she turned to me, and our eyes met. I turned to my pizza and start eating it. I checked her from corners of my eyes, she was looking at the restaurant, and trying to decide something.

Her face was fair, pinkish i mean. Hairs were looking more beautiful from front, her face was tan, shining and cute like an angel. She was looking so attractive with an innocent and confused look on her face. She decided something and went away from window. I looked back and nodded to my self, “Gone.” I mummered.

Suddenly, the door opened and she entered in. My eyes structed on her with a smile on my face. She was walking in, and the moment of her walking was slow motioned for me. Everything was silented around me. She chose the table before ours, luckily, and sat there. I was still staring her, ordering a vegetable pizza. She was fit, but figured like Dhruti. She wasn’t hot or devilious like Dhruti, but cool and angelic. The second chapter of my life…!!!

“Not of  your type.” Dhruti commented, breaking my attention. I turned at Dhruti.

“What???” i asked.

“Hmm…She…”She pointed at the girl.

“Shut up. Just mind your business.” I said, others were so engaged in their conversion, but may be Vishal heard us and looked at that girl, than engaged in his pizza again. He was only interested in one thing, my cousin Bhavna, but it’s another story. I kept looking the girl time to time. She took out one book from her bag. I narrowed my eyes to zoom in, it was ‘Angles and Demons’.  Well, i now had both in my life. I laughed a little, may be was interested in Myths, Gods, etc. Well, for your information, i wasn’t beleiving in God then.

I was waiting for her to pay the bill and leave the roof. As she did, I rushed to the table she was sitting before, to pick up the book before someone else grab a chance, picked it and ran out behind her.

“Ash, where are you going ???” Bhavna shouted behind.

“to catch a spring…” I replied, running.

There was still raining heavily but it doesn’t matter only when a spring itself was on the way. Coming on road, i looked around for her, and found her by her pink umbrella. She had already crossed the road, walking quickly on her way.

“Excuse me…” I shouted running after her.

She didn’t heard me. I crossed the road, running in excitement holding the book in my jacket for keep it safe from rain water. My all tiredness and boarness were gone and i wasn’t feeling so much dizzy or tired now. There was a strange  energy in me, May be it was a adrelin rush or something else.

“Hello, miss…” I shouted again.

At last I got closer and she heard my voice. She stopped, and looked back with a very cute looking innocent and confused look on her face.

“Stop…” I reached to her, and stopped to breath, exhausted. The chase was now showing her effects. She waited for me to recover, looking at me with the same confusion. I couldn’t stop to stare her beautiful face from this closer for some seconds.

“Yes???” She asked, moving her hairs back to her ear, confused.

“Oh yeah…Hmm…

Your book.” I showed her the book, handing her quickly under her umbrella for not let it being wet.

“You left it on your table.” I added.

“H…!!! Oh my God, I…

and..!!!” She widen her eyes already big attractive eyes.

“And you have drenched  yourself only for bring it to me???” She asked innocently, her voice was so ear pleasent and sweet to hear, freshning my all senses with it.

I just loved her way to speak innocently by her sweet pleasant voice. After some seconds of the unconsciousness, I woke up.

“Oh !!! it’s okay, I…a…just my pleasure.” I replied and tried to stop staring her, and not looking like other flirty boys. Yeah, i didn’t want her to think me as one of those guys who always tries to keep talking and extending the conversion with beautiful girls. Beautiful girl like her must be faced this type of situations before.

“But, being wet in this heavy rain!!!” She asked.

“ Oh, never mind. I just like wet. I mean, I like rain. Actually I love to being wet in the rain..a…” I smiled to her.

“Haha..Well Thanks, thank you very much.” She smiled back, putting her hand on her mouth and i just died by her move. It was the first time I felt some stirrlings in my heart, i had never felt before. There could be two things, either it was a effect of cheese pizza in my stomach or I was in the greatest feeling of the world, the Love.

Suddenly I noticed that her eyes were dark blue colored. I thought she had wearing contacts ,but she already had spects. She had naturally blue eyes. But the most amazing thing was the magic and attraction of her eyes, deeper and attractive. She wasn’t wearing any artificial bunch of makeup, but she was naturally beautiful, angelic indeed. Only lack of Wings and Head-Halo ring, she was really an angel.

“Well, it’s totally completely my pleasure by the way.” i quickly replied.

“Hm…You are new??!” I asked, gathring my courage.

“Hmm…”She nodded.

“A…Ashvin…” I told her my name, raising my hand to shake hand. She slowly touched my hand and shook  it.

“Krishna.” She told me her name, smiling nicely.

“Hmmm…Okay. So,…See you again.” as I saw her getting awkward and walked some steps back from her.

“Sure…”She giving me a nod with smile. I started walking in opposite direction, walking reversly.

She was still looking at me smiling cum confused. Suddenly wet land made me slip a little but I balanced my self, still smiling at her. She smiled more. I turned back to the restaurant and she turned back to her way.

I looked her back to see if she looks back to me or not, like any movie but she continued on her way.

May be she wasn’t so attracted to me as I was to her, in first sight. But I was still so happy to thinking that at least she had talked to me. It was really big deal for me.

Back to the restaurant,

Everyone gave me ‘post confusion why’ look, crossing their arms.

“What???” I asked.

“Nothing, you were just only helping right???” Bhavna spoke dramatically looking at others, laughing.

“But I have an umbrella ash, couldn’t you take it dude???” Vishal asked.

“But then the spring shall lost if he would wait for umbrella, Vish.” Dhruti taunted.

“Oh come on guys, I was…” I tried to explain but Bhavna cut me off.

“It’s okay don’t elaborate, we are already late. let’s go.” She was right. it was 7 and everyone should to reach to home. She took a handkerchief from her bag and rub on my head for dry it out.

“Ash, I am going to meet my friend, can be late. So, would you please take D ruh to home???” Niki asked.

“Yeah…

One second, why me yar???” I asked.

“Cause Yogesh is coming with me and Bhavna is on Vishal’s bike, so only you are empty here.” She explained.

“Yeah Ash, take her naah and hurry. My dad will kill me if I won’t reach home before him.” Bhavna complained.

“Let’s go Ashley.” Dhruti opened the umbrella, grinning.

“Can’t she go alone. She isn’t a baby.” I resisted.

“Ash, just look at this heavy rain and stormy sky yar.” Niki said looking up at sky.

“Don’t be so shy Ashley.” Dhruti taunted.

“Excuse me, I am not shying. Just can’t handle your weight.” I tried to argue.

“Are you joking ??? She had the most maintained figure in our entire group, remember?” Bhavna appreciate her for her figure, and shared a wink with Dhruti.

She was right, Dhruti was taking so much care about to keep her body. She oftenly saying that, she had a common dream to go to Mumbai and being a actress. Well, every third girl has this type of dream. But she was just crazy and was already looking like model. I fortunately remember  her childhood, when she was tummy round Golu-Molu face, but that girl was now changed in model…

I hate it.

“Oh yeah, I know that.” I faithlessly showed the disgust.

“Hey, can’t Bhavna go with Dhruti and i go with Vishal.” I suggested an idea.

“Ash..!!!” Bhavna pressed her teeths.

Vishal moved her face to another direction, whisteling, trying to show that he didn’t heard me. He started to talk with Yogesh to ignore us.

“Just go naah, i never get the chance when he agreed to be with me.” Bhavna insisted slowly.

“Frhh…

Okay, I will drop her.”I agreed.

“All right ashley, let’s ride to the home now.” Dhruti commanded handing the umbrella to me. I opened it and hold it on her head, I didn’t want her to get close to me.

We walked to parking, Bhavna handed me the keys of her scooty and sat on the bike with Vishal.

“I will drive.” Dhruti declared.

“Oh don’t even try to think, I won’t sit behind you holding umbrella on your head.” I cleared and sat on the scooty quickly.

“Okayy, as your wish.” She accepted easily and sat on backside of the seat, holding the umbrella on our head. She never accepts something so quickly.

I started the scooty.

“Bye dude, see you tomorrow.” Vishal smiled to me.

“See you vish, Bye Bhavna.” I said

lucky guy, got his trophy, and I got this punk.

Niki and Yogesh also left saying bye. Now there were only me and that creature remained. I scold my luck and took my way to home.

“Don’t let it slip okay, i don’t want to die with you, I can’t spend my afterlife with someone like you.” Dhruti commented.

“Oh really. Why, Demon can’t live with a angel right?” I replied, increasing the speed.

“Excuse me, Don’t call yourself a Demon,

If you die with a Brhamin, you will get the heaven.” She bostfully say.

“Why, the brahmins has an permenant reservations in heaven?” I joked.

“Something like that.” She laughed.

“Huh…Stupid.” I spoke.

She laughed more.

After some seconds,

“Hey Ash…” She said, with changed tone.

“Hmm…” I said, feeling the change in her voice.

“Are you still angry for morning???” She asked, in sorry tone.

I smiled a little for her way to apology.

“No silly, I know you are crazy for your brother. But seriously, i never wanted to hurt him. I was just trying to talk with him.” I cleared.

“I know yar, but…He is so depressed nowadays. Not laughs, not speaks with mom-dad or me, keeps reading all the night.

Huh…Can’t understand, how to get a his smile back. So, i am trying every thing i can do, even crazy ones.”Now her tone changed to sad.

“H…You can do everything for only make him smile???” I asked.

“Yes, Can even sacrifice my most valuable things, even our friendship.” I didn’t look at her face, but i know she smiled.

“Hm…It’s okay, we will find some way to make him happy.  But…” I hesitated.

“What?” She asked to me.

“But, if only I am the reason of his strange behavior???” I asked back.

It was a moment of silent, she didn’t reply.

“A…Forget yar, everything will be okay.” I changed the topic.

“Hmm…I wish that…

Okay, what did you say to that Springgy item huh?” She asked, again in jumping tone of happiness.

“Hah, Nothing!!! i just gave her the book to her, she said thank you, and i said welcome, the end.” I replied.

“What!!? How idiot you are!!! And you think she will fall in love with you only by that???” She scolded me.

“Then ,what should for making someone fall in love with me huh???” I asked.

“Hm…Just take her in your arms, look in to her eyes directly and kiss her on her lips. Then ask her, ‘Senorita, Will you be my Lesbian partner?” She joked.

“Come on Druh, i am serious about her.” I said angrily.

“Haha, For someone, you met before just half an hour ago???” She asked.

“Yup, may be it is the thing people calls First sight love…” I smiled.

“Ahahah…”

“Haha. Hey, you know the funny part. She asked me, why i drenched myself in rain only for her book, and i replied i like to get wet in rain.” I laughed.

She laughed more.

“Hahah…

Hey, Do you really like that???” She asked after some laugh.

“Hm…Not sure…Why???” I asked.

She closed the umbrella back.

“Coz i am going to close this umbrella and give you a chance to getting wet.”

“Dhruti…What’re you doing???” I angrily asked.

“Just giving you a chance to fullfilling your wish Ashley and enjoy your hobby.” She drametically said.

“Huh…Dhruti you naah, huh…” I smiled on her madness.

“Stop talking my dear Ashley, and feel this rain, this climate, the drops of cool water on your face, the light passing through the rain. This climate make the low street lights to glow more and their light is shining more by passing though the drops of rain.”She qouted this very dramatically, opening her hands up at both side.

But ,she made me feel that how beautiful that dark road was looking in the street-light rainbow, and I remembered that

“Only some people can feel the rain throughly, others just get wet.”

For some minutes, I totally lost in the blur lights and rainy road. Suddenly, a rikshaw passed from side and I pressed break.

The scooty stopped immediately, made Dhruti falling over my back.

“Can’t you see???” Rickshaw driver shouted.

“Sorry…” I shouted back and I looked to the Dhruti.

She stared me for second and then we both started laughing.

We reached at Dhruti’s home. I saw her father to doing his evening worship at the temple. The voice of bells and Aarti, feeling so much holy. As i stopped the scooty to her home’s door, her Mother came out smiling.

“Hm…Aunty, here i have a parcel for you. Just take this heavy load back.” I said.

“Hatt…” Dhruti tapped my head and got down walked in her house quickly.

“Oh my God Ashu, You are wet. Come in and dry yourself out. You know naah, you have cold’s. I will make a hot tea for you. “ Her mother said.

“No aunty, it’s okay. I gotta go to home now. Mom must be worrying.” I replied and started the scooty again.

“Okay Ashu, must come at morning tomorrow.“ Her mother invited me,like every second day.

“Of course…” i replied, smiling, having both Dhruti’s and Krishna’s faces turning around me. The Angel and the Devil, the Spring and the Rain, both beautiful, both important. But, can’t come together!!!

***

(To be continue…)

