Short Story – True love,loyal friend and The love letter..

Photo credit: 

 from 

Raj and Rahul two best friends..

 They two are always with eachother in every situation ..they are best friend of their..they share everything with each other..

 Now they are young they come in college ..

Here also they live with each other ..they are sitting in same bench in college..

 Raj is always helpful to every one..

 Rahul is a Handsome and intelligent boy…

In college one day in library Raj see that a girl had forgot the book he take the book and run after girl and shouted hey your book..she turn back and Raj goes to her and give him a book and she said thanks..

 after that day they started to meet in library and they talks with ech other..

 Girl’s name is Neha..

 Raj like to talk with Neha and like to spare time with her..

 for him Neha is not just a friend but more than a friend…

 Neha also like to spare time with Raj..

During all this Rahul also meet Neha and Rahul started liking her ….

At evening Raj saw that Rahul is sitting very silently and looks a serious..

Raj goes to him and ask what happened ..

 Rahul tell him that i like a girl she is very beautiful ..

Raj told that we should don’t love someone by his appearance …

In this way the clg life goes on…

Raj started to love Neha..

 Rahul is not serious about Neha..

 It is the last day of college..

 Raj and Rahul meet each other they both have a flowers in hand ..

 Rahul told Raj that he is going to propose the girl that he likes..and he had convinced his parents for the marriage…

Raj asked that do you love her Rahul said that no i just want to merry her because she is very simple and beautiful and he cannot find that type girl in life…so he want to merry her…

Rahul ask Raj what about you??

 Raj told that He is going propose a girl whom he loves from last 3 years…

 Rahul see the card in Raj’s hand and ask about that..

 Raj told that he wrote everything in lettre..

 At that time Neha enter in college and Rahul saw Taj that she is the girl …

 Raj become shocked and thinks that Rahul also love her ..I will not come in between them i will not tell any thing to Rahul or Neha and he through the flowers and letter and start to going towards Home…

 At that time Rahul goes to Neha and propose her ..she replied that she love someone else..

 Rahul said that its ok can i meet him..

 She told that she don’t know that he love her or not.

Again Rahul ask that who is he??

She replied that your friend Raj…

Rahul shocked..and he tell Neha that Raj loves some one and he is going to propose her ..

Neha became sad…and went to home..

 At college a boy come to Rahul and told that Raj had forgot the letter..

Rahul call Raj and ask him about girl whom he love…He replied that she loves some one else..

 And he also tell him that he is going to Ahemadabad..

Than next day Rahul call Neha and told her about Raj and girl whom Raj love…

And ask her still she is ready to Merry Raj

 Neha agreed and asked but how it happen what about Raj…

Rahul realise that Raj was telling that now he will merry that girl which his family will choose..

 He call Raj’s parents to Mumbai..

 and Rahul and Neha convinced Raj and Neha’s family…

 Raj’s father ask Rahul that what about the Raj?

 Rahul told them to call and ask him…

They call Raj and ask about marriage and Raj replied that i will merry that girl which you Choose..

Now all are ready for marrige of Raj and Neha..

Neha was thinking about the Raj..

And she feels that I cannot merry Raj because he love someone else ..

and she decided to make them together…

 Neha tell Rahul that she can’t merry Raj and she want to make together Raj and Raj’s Love..

 During discusstion Rahul’s mom call Rahul call and ask him that she get a letter from his room what to do with it…

 Rahul in tention told to through it in Dustbin…

 His mother put to her . .

Neha told Rahul that She want to meet that girl whom Raj loves…

 They contact all their friends but no on know about her …

In this tension Rahul realized that on last day Raj had a letter and from that they can find her..

Rahul and neha goes to Rahul ‘s room and start finding the Letter but can’t find it..

Than Rahul’s mother come and ask what happened?

 Rahul told that we are finding letter…

 His mother go and take the letter they became happy…

They two are very impatient to know whom Raj love??

Rahul give letter to Neha and after reading letter neha’s tensed face become a happy face and she start jumping ….

Rahul ask why you are jumping and laughing, who is she??

Neha told him that it’s me..

Raj loves me….

Rahul take letter hand and read that this letter is for the Neha…they two are very happy….

Than Rahul call Raj and said everything from starting…. to end..

Finally Raj and Neha meet..

Finally their true love wins ….

__END__

