Friends Short Story – Online Friendship

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Natasha, help me to do home chores. I have to go market.” My mom said me.

“Mom, I am already late for my office. How can I help you?  My boss will be fire me today.” I told her with combing my hairs.

“I told you last night about it. Why don’t you get up on the time?” My mum yelled on me.

I knew it was totally my mistake but I was already tensed that’s why it is better to keep quiet. But my mum didn’t stop to blaming me, “I told you many times that it is not good for your health to wake up late night. What will be you do after marriage? You can’t help me to do home chores. How will you manage job and your family, after marriage?”

I tried to avoid what my mom was saying. But when I realized she would not stop. I burst on her, “What will I do? I can’t manage both.  Now fine, I am going to office.”

“Have your breakfast.” She put the pranthas on a plate.

“I have no time to have breakfast.” I was angry on her that’s why I wanted to office without having breakfast. I put my handbag on my right shoulder and walked towards the main door.

I was cursing myself for it. It was all my faults. Why do I always fail in fulfilling my responsibilities? I try to giving my best but I fail every time. I reached my office and greeted some my colleagues. I seated on my chair. I was missing my college days. How much did I do fun with my friends? I forgot my all worries with my friends and enjoyed all the times. But in office nobody was my friend. Although, I have friends in office but it was only formality. There was no politics among my college friends but in office the situation was different. I had many people around me but I was feeling lonely. I needed a friend who put his hand on my shoulders and made me to clam down. We could talk without any formality. We could crack the jokes and make fun to each other. We have no limits between us. But I lost my all friends after college. They are busy in their lives. And I was alone.

I washed my brain from all old memories and tried to find out the solution. I had an idea. Why shouldn’t I have given a chance to online friendship? I passed the smile and my fingers are running on the keyboard.  At last, I found a site which gave me opportunity to making many friends online.

I had no mood to do work because I had an argument with my mother and I was very upset. I like to do work with fresh mind. But now a days, I was in depression.

I registered myself on that site and became a member of a friend site. Within one hour, I got many friend requests. I saw their profiles and tried to find a good person. I accepted a request and within some seconds, I started to do chat with a stranger. His name was Akshit. He was same in my profession. We have almost same interests. It means we could have many topics for sharing. As our chat was going further, I became more excited. I found a friend without any formality, after a year.  I glanced on the watch, I jumped from my seat. OMG! I was doing chat with him since three hours. That was really surprised for me because I never to do chat with my college friends more than 30 minutes. And I spent more time with a stranger. I greeted him goodbye till next day because I wanted to do work after that.

I forgot my worries and had a fresh mind after chat with him. It was miracle for me. I was feeling my head without any burden. I did my work with concentration that’s why my boss appreciated me that day. I behaved very well with my mother on that evening. I didn’t mind what happened in the morning between me and my mother.  In the bed, I was thinking my new friend and passing smiles. I didn’t know when I slept.

Next day, I got up early in the morning with fresh mind. I wanted to reach office as soon as because I promised with Akshit that I would meet him online at the time. I seated on my chair and opened the system but I was thinking I should have chat with him or not today for a second. And next second, I washed my mind and signed in my account. There was a greeting message. I got excited to know that he was waiting for me. And without thinking, I replied him. I also did chat with him three hours without stopping.  Now, I got a friend as I wanted.

I was glad because of many reasons. First, I got a friend who cared me, heard me and advised me according the situation. I could share with him every thought without thinking. Second, I was fulfilling my duties with my best. And third, the most important, I was no depressed and no feeling lonely.

My life was going smoothly without any tension and worry. My last fifteen days was best of my life. It was evening time when I got a ring on my mobile. I received the call and I cheered up when I heard the voice from other side of mobile, “Rishabh, How are you?” Rishabh is one of my college friend and he was very close to me those days.

He said, “I am fine as always and you say.”

“I am very fine. I have a good news for you.”I said with excitement.

“What good news?” He asked with surprising. I told him everything about Akshit. After listening me, He asked me, “Where did you meet him?” I cleared my throat because I knew it was very tough question of the world, “We met online.”

“What? Did you ever meet him offline?” He threw another ball on me. I was silent and after a second, He started again, “How can you be so much stupid? You know there are many fake people on net. After that how can you trust on him so much?”

“No, It is not like as you are thinking. We are just friends.” I tried to clear the situation. He yelled, “I know you that yourself. Give me his number and I will give you his all background.”

“I haven’t his number. We talk online.” I was very confused how to tackle with that situation.

“Very good, Natasha.” There was a silence between us. He started again, “Ok, Now listen to me very carefully what I am saying.” “Hmmm” it was a single word which came out from my mouth. He made me understood what should I have done.

The next day, I asked Akshit many questions. It was first time when I was asking him a lot of questions. I noticed that he was trying to changing the topic on my every question.  But I wanted to clear Rishbah and my confusion. That’s why I didn’t give him a single chance to changing the topic. At last, I asked him to meet me on that weekend. But he was giving me excuse.

I asked him with anger, “You want to meet me or not.”

After five minutes, I saw his reply on my system’s screen and I shocked to read it. Some tear drops fell from my cheeks. I read that three times. My eyes might be read something wrong. But every time, there was same reply.

“Sorry, Natasha, I lied you Akshit is not my real name and I am not doing job. I am here for time pass. But my feelings are true for you. I am telling you truth because you are really my best friend. I am glad that I meet you like a good girl of the world. But I can’t come to meet you on this weekend because I have no job. I can’t afford conveyance and bills of restaurant. I am so sorry and we will not talk from now. Good bye and Take care.”

After some seconds, he blocked me from his friend lists. I held my tears because there was my collegues’ cabin. And I didn’t want to tell them about my stupidity. I signed out, closed the site and rushed towards washroom.

I burst out into tears and was thinking about his every single word. I recalled about Risbhah. He was right. I wiped my tears, washed my mouth and took some deep breathe. I decided to never sign in any friendship site.

__END__

