Moral Story – TRUE WEALTH IS FRIENDSHIP

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was an unbearable insult to a respectable person Rajiv.  He met his childhood friend Upendra after a gap of very long time. Rajiv expected minimum courtesy from his friend.  Upendra was a M.L.A of Nirmal Nagar. Rajiv’s son Prajwal had secured highest marks in second year Pre-university Course with Physics, Chemistry and Biology subjects. He wanted to admit his son in the medical college. He thought Upendra, who was the chairman, governing body medical college, may help.

Rajiv met his friend only after due appointment.  He was there on the appointed day and time along with his son. Upendra enquired the purpose of Rajiv’s visit. He was fully aware that Rajiv was his childhood friend.

“Where do you get money to pay huge donation?  Either you have to borrow or steal. You are teacher in the college. It is out of your reach.  Forget the dream of sending your son to a Medical College.  You know there are two methods to get admission. One is donation quota and another is scholarship quota. If you think, your son is intelligent, let him apply in the scholarship quota. Admission in the medical college is meant only for the rich, who can afford to pay any amount as a donation.  You have wasted my valuable time and energy. I missed one important meeting. My personal secretary did a mistake by giving you appointment.” told Upendra and left the place abruptly.

This was the rude reply from Upendra. Rajiv thought rudeness is the weak person’s imitation of strength. Real friend like Rajiv don’t become upset or loose patience even after an insult by an old friend.  He never expected such rude reply from his old friend. Upendra’s daughter Ragini was present there insulted Prajwal in filthy language. The language she used was worst than her father.  Ragini was born and brought up in Nirmal Nagar. She had developed arrogance since her childhood. It may be due to the too much affection of the father being the only daughter. Ragini was also a candidate for admission in the medical college.  Upendra purposely avoided helping Prajwal.  Why he refused to help Prajwal?

Upendra and Rajiv had no contacts since a very long time.  Upendra was school dropout and failed in 10

 standard for record number of 10 times. He remained forever as SSLC failed. Villagers called him as a useless fellow. But the fate of Upendra was changed after joining politics at the age of 25.  Starting as a gram panchayat member, he rose to the position of a Member of Legislative Assembly after 20 years due to his hard work and contact with the top political leaders. His constituency was Nirmal Nagar town. Hosadurga was in the district of Nirmal Nagar.   He amassed wealth like buildings, lands, jewelry and bank balance through unfair practices.

Rajiv was loved by every one in the village. He was intelligent right from school days. He passed M.A. (English) with first class and joined a private college in Nirmal Nagar as a lecturer.  The incident happened with Upendra was a turning point in the life of Prajwal. He felt very much for the misbehavior of Upendra and his daughter Ragini. Prajwal was in deep thought for more than a month. He was putting himself number of questions.

What happens when a person holding a responsible position in the society misbehaves with a common man?

The leader insults a respectable person, who approaches him for a genuine problem. Is he not denigrating of his own position?

Whether the leader is supposed to ask a respectable citizen the source of getting money either by borrowing or stealing?

Why the leader’s daughter interfered and used filthy language?

Who should give answer to all these questions? For all these questions he had only one answer ‘intoxication of power.’

He did not sleep several nights thinking about the future. Prajwal took a vow to reach the goal by dedication, devotion and hard work. His ambition was to pursue specialization in medicine. Rajiv was keenly observing his son’s attitude for the last one month. There was a lot of change in his attitude.

“Prajwal, what happened to you?”

“Dad, I learnt a good lesson from your friend.”

“Can you explain me?”

“Dad, instead of thinking bad about others, it is better to think well of others.  I strongly believe that take everything in a positive sense it would give excellent result.”

Rajiv liked his son’s positive way of thinking. He thought it was his duty to encourage his only son. ‘Where there is a will there is a way’ has inspired Rajiv.

“Prajwal, I appreciate your thinking.  I am proud of my son. Let me know your study plan for medical entrance test?”

“Firstly, my focus would be to understand the whole syllabus. Prepare my mind for positive approach, intensive hard work, know the rules of the game, understand the topic thoroughly and continuous practice.”

“After success in the entrance examination, what is the subject of specialization you want to choose?”

“Dad, my goal is to study Post Graduation in Cardiology and thereafter research.”

“You can join the coaching classes. I know my friends, who are conducting a coaching class.

“Okay! Thank you Dad.”

Next day, Prajwal went to coaching institute and obtained all the information relating to Medical Entrance Test. Director of the institute was glad to accept him as his student. Only six months left for preparation. Prajwal was fully engaged in the studies. With the help of coaches, he read all the notes and discussed with them wherever he gets doubt.  He solved all the questions of previous test papers with great satisfaction and checked up with the coaches. He utilized six months time only for studies and appeared the test with full confidence.  The result was declared after one month.  His name was in the top of the successful candidates. On the basis of his performance at the test, he was selected for admission to MBBS in the scholarship quota. It was a happiest day for Prajwal and his father Rajiv.

Ragini also got the admission to MBBS along with Prajwal in the same medical college.  They were in the same class and both preferred to keep distance. During the first year itself, Prajwal was in limelight for his way of learning the new things, good behavior with the teachers and excellent performance at the periodical tests.  He gained substantial knowledge in all the subjects.

One day, in the evening Prajwal was returning from the class; he went to the park situated in the college campus to ease his whole day’s stress. He wanted to enjoy for sometime in the midst of nature. He sat on the bench watching the different types of beautiful birds. The time was 6.30 p.m. suddenly; there was a thunder storm and wind.  Power went of for just few seconds. In the opposite side a young lady was seated on the bench. She saw Prajwal and recognized him. Prajwal did not notice her. She was Ragini.  Her memory went back for more than a year.

She scolded Prajwal in a filthy language. Ragini’s mother Manorama expressed her displeasure and told Ragini to go and offer apology to him.  Manorama told Ragini that she knew Prajwal as a nice guy since his childhood. The right time has come for her to offer apology. Group of stray dogs were barking nearby. The reason of the barking was one outside dog was entered in the park. There were no movements of persons. She was in terrible scare unable to know how to come out of the situation. She went little further and sat besides Prajwal. The power restored after few seconds.  Prajwal was surprised to see Ragini sitting besides him.

“What a surprise?  I am unable to believe my own eyes. Are you Ragini or somebody else?

“Prajwal, don’t be emotional. Please excuse me for abusing you in the filthy language about one year back and not treating you as a good boy. I was waiting for an opportunity to offer apology. The opportunity has come today. I am very much impressed your ability, simplicity, rise to the occasion, respect to the elders.  I request you to pardon me and accept me as your girl friend. From today, let us be good friends,”

Prajwal could not believe for a moment.

“Ragini, I am happy that ultimately you have realized the truth.  Your face indicates that you are a sober, simple and adventurous. You are most beautiful woman in the whole world. I would be most happy, if you accept me as your boy friend.  Let us continue our friendship not only in studies but in all other matters.”

“Thank you very much for your praise. Do not praise me too much. I know “face is the index of a mind.’ Have you read my face or mind?”

“Yes you are correct. I know the art of reading faces as well as mind.”

“How did you read both at a time?”

“It is secret.”

Both were laughing at the top of their voice holding each others hands in the guise of shake hand. The romance continued for some time. The park was the best place for romantic talks. As the days passed their love reached to such an extent that it was difficult for them stay away even for a moment.  Their five and half years (including internship) were over.  Both obtained MBBS degree with first class. Their romantic relationship was kept in top secret. Prajwal continued studies and completed PG Diploma in Cardiology with distinction.  Ragini also continued studies and completed PG Diploma in Child Heath with first class.

There were many changes taken place after seven and half years. Rajiv retired from service and leading peaceful life with his wife in their village. Upendra had faced court cases and lost in every case. According court judgement, he lost power, ineligible to contest elections for ever, confiscation of properties and jail term for 15 years.  Rajiv and Prajwal went to the prison to meet Upendra. Jailor allowed them meet just for five minutes. This time Rajiv did not take appointment to meet Upendra.

Upendra was surprised to his childhood friend and his son.

“Uncle, I am very sorry that you are undergoing punishment.” Said Prajwal

“Yes! It is my fate. It is true that those who indulge in illegal and immoral activities one or the other day must face punishment.  Prajwal, now I have realized what is right and what is wrong. We must understand how to measure true wealth. The true wealth is not bank balance, bungalows and shares but it is only friendship.  But it is too late for me to understand. I have lost the power, wealth and respect in the society.”

“Uncle, do not be disheartened. Soon you will come out from the jail and lead peaceful life.”

“With the good wishes of people like you, I will come out.”

“Uncle, I have completed PG Diploma in Cardiology. The entire credit of my progress goes to you.”

Upendra was surprised.

“How can I take credit for your progress? I abused and insulted you.”

“Your abuse and insult gave me great strength. I took oath to prove myself as worthy man to achieve the goal. If you have not abused, I would not have taken such a firm step.”

“Upendra, what is the reason not helping Prajwal.” Asked Rajiv

“Rajiv, it is nothing but my selfishness and power.” Replied Upendra

“I am happy that ultimately you have realized the truth.” Said Rajiv

Ragini arrived along with her mother Manorama to the prison. Ragini revealed her wish to marry Prajwal. Upendra was happy to convey his approval for marriage.  He expressed his desire to set up a full fledged hi tech charitable hospital at Nirmal Nagar. He also announced to donate land, funds for infrastructure and construction of the hospital.  Even after confiscation of the property, some fertile lands and bank balance was untouched. He thought by going ahead with the good cause of setting up of hi-tech hospital in a place  like Nirmal Nagar, he would get solace for the sins committed.

Ragini and Prajwal married on an auspicious day in the presence relatives and friends.

__END__

