Story of Friendship – An ode to the most lovely lady!

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It is so easy when you are good with words. You can pour your heart out by just giving a little amount of pain to your fingers. Oh yes, that pain is much minute in terms of magnitude if you are writing because of some discomfort or something which is pinching you for a fault of yours.

So much philosophical has been the beginning, it does sound like that. Seems someone has gone through so many things or has just read a million sentimental posts, stories and books and is mixing and matching the words just to impress someone. Well it can go either way, but the writer and the reader will know what this piece truly wants to confer to somebody so special.

Somebody is heart-broken, because that very somebody has been made/forced to move somewhere else because of reasons, and those reasons are crap, crap because they don’t have essence of feelings or humanity in it. Those reasons belong to a genre which we politely term as professional. That very somebody is away from friends, away in an isolated place.

Things go berserk for him, emotional he is down. He is not able to take things in his stride. Reasons are – a broken heart, an isolated and a lonely place and what not, each and every single thing is full of pessimism. But then there is one girl, who stands firm and supports him outright every time this guy reaches out to her. She is like a rock, not because she is after him, but only because she belongs to those endangered breed of people who are termed as good human beings. This guy talks sh*t, cries about all the crap which could have been taken lightly when things were compared to all the evil happening in this world. But that girl has patience, she bears everything. Only because she is a good friend. She responds and maintains that tempo of friendship in the most caring way a friend can. That guy offends her, doesn’t care about her emotions but that girl never frowns. She is a good human.

And yes neither the guy is after that girl or vice-versa. This can be set as a disclaimer because the people reading it would expect it to turn romantic. But please, there is something above that romance thing. That thing is pure and serene. And that lovely nature of the girl makes it even more upright. She is so good. On a vacation these two people meet again, actually the guy wanted to meet her only because that girl holds a special place in her life. He owes a lot to her, just because she has never let him fall down and helped him out in his troubled times. But out of nowhere this boy has the habit of making mistakes  over and over again and he replicates this again. This girl turns a bit sad , the boy doesn’t realize it soon. But he does realize, because they share a true bond of friendship. He feels a bit sad and is angered by himself. How foolish can one be? Somebody stands by you and you offend her. Still that sweet girl continues to maintain that bond. Only because she values friendship and is a good human being.

Now what does the guy feel about it? Well I don’t know, if he is a coward he will just let it go. And if he has guts and if he considers her to be a ‘friend’ he will try in the best possible way that he could to bring that awesome smile back on that girls face because she is special and will always be.

And this is my best possible way and I am not a coward. I have attempted this kind of genre for the last time, only for you.‘Nish’ I am sorry!!

__END__

