Friends Story with Suspense – A Dream Called Love…

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“ ’Queen of the Hills’ – Shimla, the capital city of state of Himachal Pradesh located in north-west of the Himalayas at an average altitude of 7,234 ft. draped in the forest of pine, rhododendron, oak & sprawling apple orchards. The city is named after the goddess Shayamla Devi, an incarnation of the Hindu Goddess Kali. One can experience pleasant summers & cold snowy winters out here. Bulging at it seems with unprecedented expansion Shimla retains its colonial heritage with grand old buildings; among them are the stately Viceregal Lodge, charming iron lamp posts and Anglo-Saxon names. The Mall, packed with shops and eateries is the Centre of attraction of the town and Scandal Point associated with the former Maharaja of Patiala’s escapades offers a view of secluded snow-clad peaks. “

I gave finishing touches to the introductory Para of my next story as the bus halted at a small yet tidy tea stall on a Delhi-Shimla Highway.

As the Bus got back on its way back to the ‘Queen of the Hills’, I put my diary & pen back in the bag, opened a pack of salted peanuts and started to enjoy the natural beauty of the Himachal out of my window seat of the semi-deluxe HRTC Bus, the seats were almost torn away, everything except horn was making roistering noise, a few travel-sick ladies were constantly vomiting turn by turn and my back was aching due to the constant jerks of the uneven hilly roads & luxurious seat of the government road transport “Semi-Deluxe” bus. My eyes were turned sore due to back to back overnight journeys, Ahmedabad to Delhi and subsequently Delhi to Shimla.

“Shimla….Shimla…” The callous voice of the Conductor interrupted my little nap; I just rubbed my eyes and found only one shoe lying down. I had to work really hard to find another one which I found five rows ahead. It was a nice, refreshing, foggy, chilly morning at the Shimla. I crammed my lungs with the dosage of fresh air; this was depleted species in the Civilized, Globalized and Urbanized Ahmedabad.

As I got down of the Heritage Bus, the most intricate task I have faced for eternity was awaiting me, tying my shoe lasses. I always get confused doing it and usually end up making a convolution out of nowhere, don’t know why, but that’s how I am. I am Nevan Mehta; I am a simple fella in a complicated way, just as life is complicated in a simple way. I was coming back from Ahmedabad, was there to address a national level conference at IIM, Ahmedabad. As I finished the daunting task of tying my shoes lasses, I just went to nearby shop, purchased a soda bottle and splashed my face with the bubbly soda of a local brand. It helped a bit in keeping my eyes open.

“

 I asked the 

– A Rickshaw Driver who was trying hard to comfort himself in the small piece of blanket.

“

.” He said lighting a 

taking a deep puff of smoke in; he started the 

the whole of the rickshaw quacked as he started it.

 A trip to Ahmedabad was showing its (side) effects.

was a small village located on the banks of the river 

, 15 miles away from the city of Shimla on Kulu-Shimla Highway. It had always been my dream to stay in the lap of Himalayas since my childhood and here I was living atleast one of the dreams staying here in the calm and tidy village of Himachal Pradesh.

“Ahmedabad seemed different; it’s a pleasantly changed place. Conference was decent (usually tedious & mind-numbing…!)” I made a note in the diary as the 

made its way through rocky streets and flowing 

alongside forests of Deodar, towering above trees of pine on the lower rocky ridges. Early moisture was marked in the morning, tweeting birds (not on twitter though) were soothing eardrums while green patch on the both the road-sides was comforting for the eyes, archetypal of Shimla Morning it was.

“Good Morning Auditor 

…!” a security guy from the Jam Factory where I was working as the internal auditor & quality inspector, was sitting on the impermanent portico made of clay under the huge banyan tree, puffing his 

.

“Morning, Sharmaji…!” I snatched apipe of 

 from him, took a little puff, waved him bye.

I opened the main-gate of my house; nice aroma of the roses crammed my nose. Three roses were blooming at full fledge in the rose-pot. As I was checking the rose pot, I saw windowpane of the kitchen was open; a little smoke was coming out; I dashed in.

“Rudraksh, I have told you not to make kitchen the laboratory.” I was smiling at the footstep of the kitchen as Rudraksh; almost to be six feet tall in his early twenties wearing light blue tee and dark blue denim was playing with the half-burnt omelets in the pan. His brown colored eyes were looking on the strewn kitchen with panic. His hair style was somewhat complex akin to the Maggie Noodles, his personality too.

“Oh Dad…!! You are back!”

“You too…”

“How was your conference?”

“It was phenomenally boring; as usual.” I threw my bag on the table next to me, took over the kitchen, tom & jerry were running upside down in my stomach.

“How is your Mumbai?” I said adjusting on the rug chair in the main room with cup of tea in one hand and plate of 

 in another one, warm steam was coming directly on my face both from the cup and the 

 dish alongside nice whiff.

“Everyone is running, as usual.”  He said, signaling with his index finger and thumb, that 

 was nice. It was followed by some silence, as we hungry people molested the 

.

“There is no answer to your food Dad, miss it badly in Mumbai..!”

“I too miss you a lot beta, but your career is of more magnitude.” evocative sensation roofed the room.

The paramount thing about climate here in Himachal is you can’t foretell it; this moment it’s a bright sun shining in the sky and the very next one it will be flooding showers or chilling snow. Same was the case with this morning, showers were saturating the whole of the locality, since infancy I adored playing under the hailing sky and here I was in my vestibule playing with these tiny, chilly raindrops, enjoying the buzz of each drop dwindling over my face; as they fell on my face, they busted into small droplets like a firecracker.

“Dad..!! What are you doing?” Don’t know why, but Rudraksh bawled; he may have anticipated that it will be difficult to hear him in the rain.

“Signing the Internal Audit Report of MSN Jams & Juices Pvt. Ltd” I tried to sound as serious as I can.

“Bad Joke..!”

“Bad Question too!”

“Dad, it’s not the time to joke re, I have invited someone. I want you to meet them.”

“Ohhoooo…..”

“C’mon Dad, get yourself dried. They will be here anytime.” I rushed back in, dripping all over my body

My mind prompted

“Dad, they are here.” He shouted as I was drying my hair, still in my towel. I was able to hear some absurd voices of two-three people talking in the main room.

As I entered the hall, being dressed in civilized manner; the scene was as expected. Rudraksh was talking to a gorgeous girl of a similar age to him; being awkwardly dressed in a salwar-kameez; 

. I sniggered, to acknowledge my presence.

“Oh Dad, She is Vamsi Shah – we studied in the same class. Vamsi – he is my dad.” Rudraksh was hastening with his words. I looked at her, first thing I noticed was nicely tied hair in the traditional manner, her hair were beautiful upto the length of her knees. Her complexion was bit dusky, but she looked beautiful. But the best part of her was; her eyes; gleaming, peppy full of enthusiasm. They looked as if she has just plunged into the positivity and came out with the buoyancy. She definitely was the girl; you will look at once again once you have a look at her.

“Vamsi – very nice name, you know what does it mean?”

“Thank you uncle; no I don’t…!” She was bit embarrassed

“Vamsi is Krishna’s Flute.”

“Where is aunty?” Rudraksh jumped in between.

“She is on call; will call her in.” As she moved out in the verandah, Rudraksh turned towards me, Thumbs up – I gesticulated to him; an amusing smile apprehended his face.

She walked back and behind her walked an age – I had left behind. A lady in light lemon saree, her hair were bit greyed almost of same length of Vamsi; she was of still milky white complexion, dimples on her left cheek still hadn’t filled in though some wrinkles were palpable on her face now. Even middle aged she looked stunningly beautiful, my eyes were jammed either on her or on the moment (or may be on both), was stunned enough not to realize it.

“Dad, she is….”

“Mati Baxi; oh sorry; Mrs. Mati Shah……!” I cut him half in his words; the room was stunned into silence for a moment or two, I ran out of the count.

“You still, haven’t learnt to comb you hair after shower. Same Careless Nevan, as ever.” Finally the sweet voice broke the ice frozen in a moment and I melted into it.

“Oh, I was rushed by Rudraksh, or else I would have…..” I rendered a dumb justification.

“You people know each other.” Both Rudraksh and Vamsi said together, a co-incidence.

“We were together in our academic days.” Me and Mati collided with words, another one of a co-incidence.

“Great…” Everybody was in state of shudder.

“So, who is in for tea?” I declared to change a topic.

“You and your tea….! A Few things never changes.” She was still stunned at the series of co-incidences.

“A few things are best unchanged even when change is inevitable.”  I dragged myself to the kitchen

Christ Church situated on the ridge; is the second oldest church in Northern India. It has a majestic advent from outside and inside there are stained glass windows which represent faith, hope, charity, fortitude, patience and humility which are the bases of the Christianity. Church itself has a ceremonial touch and in the foggy and chilly evening it looked even more dignified.

“Why you called me here? Anything special!” Mati looked stunning in light blue colored kurti and this was something new for me, she was wearing specs. Nice grey colored frame aptly suited over her opiate brown colored eyes.

Please have a seat.” I signaled at chair in front of a little wooden table; we were at the little temporary arrangement called

 in front of the Christ Church. I wasn’t able to take my eyes off her, 

, my subconscious reminded me.

“

, 

  I said to a boy working at the 

he got devotedly involved in making Nevan Special Tea.

“You still remember my taste of tea. 

and less sugar.” She was not comfortable sitting in front of me, can see the way she was playing with her purse and mobile phone; she wasn’t even looking at me; atmosphere was getting heavier with each moment passing.

“Hmmmm…!” I had no answer to what she said

“You aren’t changed, a bit- Nevan. Same old one, I knew.”

“Way back, someone told me not to change whatever happens. And On the outskirts, yes I am same; or else quite a few things have changed including time. Look even your hair have turned grey.” I smiled as Chotu left two cups of tea, with tempting tang of mint coming out of it.

“Isn’t it strange, our kids are seeing each other…!” She tried to speak her mind

“I guess they have got it in their DNA.” Some more silence followed this one.

“Life is not meant to be travelled backwards. Don’t get into all that.”

“What if journey was pleasant? It was pleasant FOR ME.”

“I guess I should go; it’s getting late. Vamsi must be wondering where I am lost.”

“Mati….” She stopped, didn’t turned back; stood there waiting for me to say something.

“I accept, Vamsi in my family. Would you accept Rudraksh to be part of yours?”

“I don’t know!”  She left on the spur of the moment, the evening had almost ended; sky was almost dark except for some orange shades on the horizon. Icy wind was blowing; locals were looking to go back to their homes; it was going to be one those freezing nights of Himachal. I was left alone with the fading evening and my thoughts.

 

“Where the f…… are you, Nevan?” A sharp yell on the cell, cracked my eyes open in the bed, I checked the clock beside my bed, 11:30 AM.

“Morning Mati…!” I said lethargically still in the bed.

“Library is calling Mr. Mehta”

“Till six in the morning, was there only. Need some sleep now. Catch you after lunch, good night.” I disconnected the call and stretched the blanket over my head.

My routine was upside down since last two months or so, my CA Finals were due in a month and all I knew was Library & huge books for which you need coolie to carry.  The CA Finals, not less than a nightmare.

“Nevan, put this cell phone aside and finish the lunch first. Whom are you messaging, can’t she wait atleast while your lunch?” Mom Shouted, as I hurriedly pushed a roti in the mouth.

Cell buzzed again, mom rubbernecked, I pretended as if I have ignored the message with a smile on my face.

Typical atmosphere it was at the lunch room, it smelled of dal, onions and different sabjis various mothers had packed for their scholarly bookish children alongside coffee of the coffee machine of the library. A few tables revealed some of the left outs of vegetables some student ate a while ago. Just near by the entry, someone had spilt coffee, it was yet to be cleaned. A group of three girls were sitting on the center table, with a few balaji packets of various wafers on the table; they were talking in whispering tone. A guy was sitting with his head-phones on, in the rhythm of music his body was moving too. The atmosphere of the library was also proclaiming exams were coming soon; there was a hush in the lunch room too. I hunted for a clean table, and totally clean one was only at the left most corner of the room, I put the polythene on the table, locking my eyes on the door, waiting for Mati.

“Exams are just a month away, do you ever have tension, look at others and look at you!” Here she came, as invigorating as ever. She was in her bottle green top and black denims, her hair-style was something that I can’t describe much, hair were tied in some awkward fashion, a tuft of it was lying on her long snowy white cheeks, she undeniably was fine-looking.

“Why, if you take tension, ICAI gives you five grace marks… Now please, tea is getting cold..!” She was about to say something, I denied her by handing over the polythene. It was a difficult task, to pour the tea in the small disposable glasses, without spattering it all over the floor.

“You know, almost fifty person asked me today, why Nevan is not here today? So irritating it was.” She was fuming

“What can I do with that, I didn’t ask them to ask you..?” I was smiling

“Still………”

“Chill re madamji, what is the big issue in it?”

“Don’t you know, half the library feels you are my …..”

“Boy Friend..!” I was literally laughing by now.

“Yes, and I already have one who is at the US.”

“You and me know the truth..! Then to the hell with others; why you care for others so much, let them think whatever they want to.”

“Dats true as well, but..”

“I guess at this moment, taxation is more important than our complicated relationship status. So can we go ahead with that?” I cut her in between her words

My and Mati’s Friendship wasn’t much old, She was a friend of a common friend. I just met her two or three months back, in the library only. She was in her LLB final year and doing CS as well while I was studying for CA Final. She was a bit weak in the taxation while that was my forte. So, I started teaching her Taxation and we became very good friends in very very short duration, so much good that half a library was under the illusion, we were in some setting and other half was sure of it.

“Nevan, am leaving.” She whispered, I checked the watch, it was 12:45 AM

“I will drop you home, it’s late. Give me a minute.”

“It’s okay, I will manage.”

“I didn’t asked, I told you that I am coming.” I took my bag, loaded the weight of CA Finals on my shoulder; ready to go.

Her place was fifteen minutes ride from the library, on the calm Ahmedabad roads at 1 AM. Nice rosy wintry could be felt on the early October night. The ride to her place was pleasant enough.

“Good night, C ya 2mrw” I was on my bike only, as she parked her activa.

“Wanna grab a cup of tea?”

“At one in the night, aunty will kick my butt out of your place.”

“No one’s home, I am all alone. So don’t be afraid of any kick-boxing stunts.” She smiled while saying this; I spent a moment or two in silence.

“I may take (dis)advantage of the situation.” I leered at her with a blinking eye

“I won’t let you take any except for the cup of tea sirji..!” She removed her butterfly out and threw at me, “Oopsss..!!” her hair went all over her neck and a few came to her face as well, she looked pleasant.  I hadn’t observed her much, before today only though. My eyes were awkwardly stuck at her; even she became cognizant of that fact. She tried to gather her hair, on one side of her; they were dispersed all over her. Her please-I am embarrassed- take your eyes of me look prompted me to palm at my forehead to remind myself; 

“Okay, I will settle for the Tea.” I put my bike on the side stand, she had a sigh of relief, I guess she became bit uncomfortable; I too was a bit mortified for such a comment.

Her place was a decent one; it was first time I was in here. The main hall was neat and clean, light smell of air-freshener was in the air, I thought it was lavender. Walls were painted in light creamish yellow shade, on the right hand side wall hung in the huge family picture of a man, woman and three children, two girls and a boy. I immediately recognized Mati was the one standing in the middle of two of her siblings.

“Nevan, I never thought we will become such good friends in such a small span of time.” I heard voice of water poured into the pan, there was a pin-drop silence.

“Hmmm… Even I am surprised of the fact, it was just two or three months back we met first.”

“May be, its coz of your interest and my lack of interest in the taxation.” I heard the sound of her giggling, my eyes were still on the picture, Mati mostly looked like her mother but a part of her demonstrated looks of her father as well.

“Where the hell are you? Take those stupid ear-phones out of your ass, I am talking to you.” She squawked as I didn’t responded

“They are supposed to be in my ears.” Whiff of 

 got blended with the lavender air-freshener; air felt freshened up.

“You and your pathetic jokes……” She handed me the nice red colored tea mug.

“Hmm… Nice tea madam.” I took a little sip making myself comfortable on the dining chair, she sat exactly opposite me.

 

 I saw Chotu was standing in front of me, he took the tea cup from the table, tea in there was intact and cold, so was I. The market looked a bit dull, evening seem to had ended a while ago, night was about to begin. Not many people were on the road except for the few couples cuddled into each other on the benches, to keep themselves warm. I silently started walking towards my place; my thoughts were walking alongside too.

“Dad, Where were you? Your cell was switched off too?” Rudraksh welcomed me on the door step only.

“Went to market, for a cup of tea”

“You all-right?”

“Why?”

“Coz, you don’t seem to..!” I calmly walked into the house, with a forced smile on my face.

“Is it something due to Vamsi, you didn’t liked her?”

“Do you like her?”

“What kind of question is this dad?”

“Answer me.”

“Of course yes.”

“Then, I too; as simple as that”

“Dad…!”

“I can see you like her and that is what matters to me. She seems a nice girl.”

“Then, is it due to aunty?”

“Leave it, you wanna eat something? I am not in for dinner.”

“In that case, I will grab something from market. I am going to meet a few friends.”

“Okay have fun..!!”

“Om dad”

“Om”

I always liked my own company; but today was different. Night was at its chilly best; I was on the terrace with the mug of coffee on usual spot, swing. I was never much of coffee man, I rather loved tea. Still, don’t know why here I was with my cup of coffee and some twinkling stars above my head (a few stars were spangling within as well)

 

I woke up sixth time to see the time in my cell phone, 5:10 AM 21

 January, it showed; 21

 January the day on which results of CA Final was to be declared. Finally after fifteen minutes or so, I was uncomfortable enough in the bed, so I came out to the terrace. As it was said in The Dark Knight – Night is the Darkest before the Dawn, I was expectant of the same on my side; expecting the Dawn to be nearby. Though dawn was almost about to proclaim its onset at the horizon. A few birds had already came out of their nests, I wondered if they also had their results to be announced today. After enjoying the very early morning for a while; I decided to go downstairs.

‘Mati Calling’, my cellphone blinked as I almost thwacked by PC for back stepping me at the most important moment in my life.

“Haan, Mati..!”

“Wass the Result sarkar..!!” She was piqued; could say so from her tone.

“Oh F…… Results declared…!! Daammmm it, my PC is not working. Hey Mati, give me a minute ill call you once I see my results, Take care.” I was running at the speed of hundred and fifty miles per hour

“Arey wait stupid. Site is open at my pc; just tell me your roll number.”

“Roll Number..!! What was it…!! Dammm.. Han it is… Four….Zero….One…Three…..Two…wait wait.. han two only.. it is four zero one three two.”

“Keep your fingures crossed..!!” I could hear the sound of key-board on the call, my heart was beating alongside the keyboard tune.

“Woooohoooo,  you are Chartered my friend.!!” Those words felt like somebody had split thousands of barrels of honey in my ear-drums.

“Thanks Mati…!! Thanks a lot…!” I had ran out of the words, I didn’t knew exactly what to say at that moment.

That day My Facebook Status read as follows:

The World wasn’t the same before now, I was Chartered Accountant (unemployed though, Chartered Accountant was enough for a while). In mythology I had heard chariot of King Yudhisthira (eldest Pandava) used to ride seven feet above the base land, I was also feeling the same these days, with my Hero Honda Passion Plus. I was in search of some good opportunity; I had my own preferences though. I was reluctant to work with the Banking Industry; while most offers I had received till date was from that part only. Alongside Job-hunt expeditions my educational connections with Mati carried on; she was yet to pass her CS exams.

“

 a whats app message flashed at my mobile screen,

“

 Shruti Gharekhan, a friend of mine was there on the Whats App.

“

“

The conversation was going nowhere, Shruti was making me think in the direction; I had never thought or I tried to ignore it all the time deliberately. I just glared at Mati from corner of my eyes; she looked carelessly beautiful in her tomato red top and white colored pajamas. She was busy doing some sum, I glared at her for a while, and vibrating cell broke my focus.

”

“I am done, if you too are done with your chatting, can we carry on with taxation a bit.” Mati broke my attention this time around, 

Shruti had hammered my subconscious enough, to plant a thought in.

“

“By the way Nevan, I wanna tell you something, don’t be infuriated!” She was hesitating a bit

“Go ahead.”

“You are spending so much to teach me, that is to say your time, petrol… I wanna give you something. If you want something tell me, I will gift accordingly.”

“Forget it, Mati. I can’t take it.”

“Nevan…….”

“Stop excruciating me Mati.”

“It’s not my wish but my parents’ wish as well and be professional re, you are doing this much you should have something in return.”

“I can’t be Professional where I am personally attached and that’s it, NO MORE DISCUSSION on it.”

Select Page below to Continue Reading…

