“You’re DEAD!!” – a short murder story

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was an exciting day for Parker Gates. Today was the day when all foes and friends had a party at Parker’s farm house. He was a great party host after all! But this was not just a party…… it was life and death!

Parker had reached his farm house. He had ordered his servants to arrange the house for a party. The house was all set and ready! With the bar, the waiters, wine, glasses, sofas, tables and most important of all Parker’s favorite Party game player. It was his favorite. The player usually has a voice which automatically says what game to play, what to dance and what not to do. That’s the reason everybody loves his parties.

One thing about Parker’s parties was that he invited his foes. Nobody knows why.

He invited 6 people along with their spouses. He had his wife Caroline along with him. So in total there were 14 people. First to arrive was Christopher Williams and Marina Williams. They were surely a lovely pair. Christopher was Parker’s best friend.

Next was a foe arrival. It was Martin Hills and Maggie Hills. Parker’s foe.

Next was the best couple arrival. It was Andrew Davidson and Isabella Davidson. The best loving pair. Andrew was Parker’s foe but Caroline’s best friend was Isabella.

Next was a friend arrival. It was Edward Michael and Lisa Michael. Parker’s all time favorite friend.

Next up was a foe arrival. It was John Hilton and Miranda Hilton. Parker’s foe. He hated him a lot.

Next up was another best friend arrival. Charles Dale and Ruby Dale. Parker’s helping pal.

The party started. The ladies on one side and the gentlemen on the other. All had a glass in their hands. Enjoying and gossiping.

“Now it is time to dance ladies and gentlemen!” announced the party player.

Each and every couple had to dance. The others cheered and clapped. The best dancers for tonight were Charles and Ruby Dale’s. Everybody cheered and clapped for them.

“Now it’s game time people. Tonight’s game will be ‘MURDER MYSTERY’ “Announced the party player.

Everybody clapped. The waiters had to leave because Parker didn’t like them to be present. They left the farm house.

“The rules: There’ll be chits according to the game. There should be 10-15 players out of which 2 are murderers and 2 are the police. The rest are guests. Nobody should tell what they are or what is written on their chits. Except the police. The police will be out of the room. The lights will be turned off. The murderer and the guests should be wandering around the room. The murderer should approach a person and whisper “You’re dead”. The victim should scream “I’m dead!”. The lights are then turned on. The police start to ask questions. So now the murderers can act like a guest. If the police get to know who the murderer is and they’re right, the game starts again and the murderer should be the police. The police can table talk or discuss. The police only have one chance to guess the murderer. The game goes on. And the victims should leave the room after they are dead in the game.” Said the party player.

Everybody got their chits. Ruby Dale and John Hilton were the police. They had to be in the kitchen. The lights were turned off. The guests and the murderers were wandering in the living room.

“You’re dead!” Somebody whispered. “I’m dead!” screamed the victim and lay on the floor. The lights were turned on. The police came inside. Maggie Hills was dead and she left the room. She went into the bedroom.

“Does anybody know anything?” Asked Ruby.

“I heard a lady whisper” said Edward.

“Thank you for the information.” John said.

“Let’s start the next round.” Said Andrew.

Now there were 11 people present in the living room. The lights were turned off. This time it was a double. “You’re dead!” whispered two people. “I’m dead!” screamed the two victims. The lights were turned on and the police entered. Charles and Parker were dead and lay on the floor. They left the room and went into the bedroom.

“Any information?” John asked.

“The murderer was a man who was near me” replied Lisa.

“Hm. so the murderers are a lady and man.” said Ruby firmly.

“Next round” said Caroline. The police left the room. The lights were turned off. Now there were 9 people present. “You’re dead!” somebody whispered. “I’m dead” screamed the victim. The lights were turned on. The police entered the room. Miranda was dead and she lay on floor. She left the room.

“Anybody knows something here?” Asked John.

“This time it was a man” Martin said.

“Okay,” said Ruby. “I think I know who it is.”

“Next round” Marina said.

The police left the room and they discussed. The lights were turned off. Now there were 8 people present. “You’re dead!” somebody whispered. “I’m dead” screamed the victim. The police entered the room. Edward was dead and he lay on the floor. He left the room.

“One of the murderers is surely a man” Ruby said.

“The murderer is somewhere around the corner I guess.” Martin added.

“Next round!” said Christopher. The police left the room. The lights were turned off. Now there were 7 people present. “You’re dead!” somebody whispered. “I’m dead!” screamed the victim. The lights were turned on. The police entered the room. Marina was dead for real and she lay on floor. She was stabbed. She bled. People gasped. The police were shocked! The bedroom door was open. Suddenly the lights were turned off by a sudden. 5 gun shots were heard. The lights were turned on. Nobody was dead in the living room. But when people entered the bed room. ALAS! Every soul in the bed room was dead!

“Whoever is doing this stop this at once! Enough is enough! “Christopher said.

“Who was the murderer in the game?” Martin asked.

“Me. But I didn’t whisper to Marina.”Said Andrew

“Neither did I!” Said Isabella the other murderer in the game. Everybody cried and sobbed.

“Everybody let’s get out of here before we’re the next one to be killed!” Said John. But the door was locked from outside. People tried harder to break it. The telephone was dead. The windows couldn’t be broken by any means.

“What do we do now?” Lisa cried.

“Let’s all pray to god for not being the next one.” Sobbed Caroline.

Everybody was seated. There was a moment of silence. 8 people were left. Again the lights were turned off. Everybody gasped. A gunshot was heard. The lights were turned on. Isabella was dead.

“Oh my goodness!” Andrew cried. Seconds later, Martin fell down to the ground hard. He struggled to breath. People gasped Ruby knelt down and grabbed his hand. “He’s no more!” Ruby sighed. Everybody sobbed and cried. 6 people were left. All of them sobbed. The men were tensed and the ladies were sobbing.

“Whatever we do we have to do it together.” John said.

“We may live or die but we must be close.” Caroline said.

Everybody agreed to what they said. The Lights were turned off again. This time there was no gunshot this time. The lights were turned on. Ruby lay down on the floor. She bled.

“Oh my!” gasped Lisa. There were 5 left now. The clock is ticking. Everybody was nervous. The lights turned off again. Two gunshots were heard. Christopher and Lisa were dead. Andrew, Caroline and John were left. They didn’t know what to do. Again the light turned off. A gunshot was heard. Caroline was no more.

“So it was you!” John yelled at Andrew.

“No it’s not me! It’s you!” Andrew said.

“Whatever. Even if it is me or you. I’m fishing for evidences. So that I can prove that it is you!”

“Fine whatever. I’ll fish for evidences too.”

John went into the bedroom to look around.

Andrew looked around and knelt down to Martin. Martin opened his eyes and took his gun and shot Andrew. John turned around. He was shocked to see Andrew on the floor shot.

“Who is this? Hello?” John screamed. And in a few seconds he was shot!

Martin got up dusted himself and said, “Whatever it is everybody here killed and helped each other in this Murder mystery. Now I’m dead!”

Martin shot himself on his temple. The whole house was dead by now. Everybody killed each other in this game. And Ruby’s reward of helping Martin by faking his death was death.

Friends or foes,

However life goes,

Everybody has ego,

Which we cannot let go,

And death is death!!

-END-

