The Letter from an Army Officer

Photo credit: 

 from 

3 years, from the past three years I haven’t seen by brother. He is in Indian Army and mostly he stays out.

 Last time when he came home, he just came for hardly one day and half of the day I was at school. When I came home mother told me that he is tired and sleeping so don’t disturb him. Next morning I only got 1 hour with my brother after that he leaves for his mission.

Oh well, you must be wondering who am I?

Well, my name is Aaria and my brother name is Arjun. He wants a unique name for me so he decides to name me Aaria which means Nobel.

Today is an important day for me my 12th result is going to be announced today and I am hell nervous. I wish my brother would be here to support me. I missed him dearly. We talk with each other by letters. Yup, we send letters to each other. He promised me that he will come this year most probably next month. I am so happy. We live in a small town where internet facility is very limited only a few net cafes are available in our town. But today I and my friends have to go to that café which is at the end of our town. It’s almost 4 hours distance between my home and the cyber café.

Finally, we are here. Finally, after waiting for half an hour my turn come. I enter my role no. and date of birth. I crossed my fingers as it starts responding. My god these 10 seconds were like death to me.

OMG, I score 98%, my brother and family will be so proud of me. The thought of my brother brings tears in my eyes; I wish he was here to celebrate this with me. My friends congratulate me. They also saw their and they also score well. We all took the print out of our result.

By the time I reached home it was almost evening. A big grin was plastered on my face. I was so excited to see my family reaction. As I reached near my house a dreaded felling covers my heart and all my happiness vanished when I saw Indian Commanders and all those people who were outside of my home.

My lips dry, a big lump form in my throat and my something broke inside me when I hear my mother cries. With slow and heavy steps I enter my house.

In that moment I wish that I haven’t come home. Everything inside me dies at that very moment when I saw my brother lying in a box draped in our national flag. My father was silently crying also consoling my mother whereas; my mother was crying her heart out.

Not a single tear, not a single voice came from inside me. That piece of paper crumbled in my hands. My legs became week and I don’t know when but my legs gave out and I fell on the floor.

‘’ Aaria…

I look up to see one of the commanders giving me a piece of paper.

‘’ That’s your brother letter to you which he writes before the starting of the war, he says that if anything happens to him I gave this to you’’

I silently took that letter and with a lot of strength I stand up and goes in my room, put that letter at my study table.

 I go out to my mother and told my father to leave so that he can cry. I hug my mother and she crises her hearts out on my shoulder. Still, I refuse to lead a single tear. They took my brother along with my father to complete the last rituals. They told me to come with them but I refuse to go, I want to stay at my home. I cleaned my entire house, washed all the utensils.

When I came into my room, my eyes fell on the letter. With a lot of hesitation, I decided to read it.

Dear Aaria,

 I am sorry for not being there for you. I know you need me but my country needs me more. Our holidays were cancelled due to the war. I don’t know when I will come home, maybe I won’t come. I don’t know but I have this felling that this will be the last letter for you. I love you my baby sister and I know that you also love me despite being angry at me for not coming home for 3 years. I remembered that today is your result. I wish you all the best.

Aaria you know, your name also means honored. Make me and our parents proud. Tell papa that I am sorry because I am the one, who leaves first, I couldn’t complete the last rights for him. Aaria you will take care of our parents. I know that no one can take place of a brother in your life but I want you to be the son of our family. I always tease you that you will marry someone and I’ll take care of our parents, well destiny proves me wrong. Now you will take care of our parents and don’t worry I’ll be with you in every step. Now be the Man of the house. I am sorry that I gave you such a big responsibility but I know only you can do this.

 Tell papa and ma that I love them, also told them not to cry till death for me.

 I love you all.

 Your brother

 Arjun

 

And then I cried.

 I cried all my heart out.

 Oh! Brother, a son will always be a son. But you gave me a chance to take your place, to be the son of our parents.

 I’ll do every responsibility. I’ll never let you down my brother, never.

 ‘’Promise… a whisper of a man goes through to her ears.

 She smiles sensing the presence of her brother.

 ‘’ Promise…”

–END–

