Article on Family

Photo credit: 

 from 

Have we all noticed in this 21st century family is just a name tag very similar to a price tag which is attached to any piece of cloth, can be removed and thrown in just seconds!

 ‘We are a family!’, ‘you are my family’, ‘how can you this to me, i thought we were family!’; No a big NO, this is not what family is!

 What i feel family is, is something very similar to love; it has a meaning which needs to be found step by step like diving in the pacific ocean and reaching the deepest point and in this journey every level will teach you a lesson.

 A right lesson needs to be discovered, because family is not something that you just say, talk or claim, it is not a copyright over a name or an artistic work, it is something that you feel.

 Family is friendship, trust, unconditional love! Its for the one for whom we can give up anything in life and still their there will be a smile on ones face! Secondly, when these elements aren’t present but still one does something for another and makes him/her count, then its just done for the heck of it, is it just to make your karma right? And lastly, one who is family but acts as a retard and talks bullshit, nonsense and feels proud! I think this is the one family that exists now.

 At times i feel do we not have work to talk sh*t? We do have a lot of work, I’m sure we do, but wastage of time is just become a necessity for people now! I think in the basic necessities of life which includes:

 1. Food

 2. Water

 3. Shelter; bullshit spoken by people should be added!

Why one interferes in another’s life, don’t you have a life?, i understand the fact that man is gregarious by nature! Relax, talk sense and develop your mind with smart information!

 Everyone should respect another, help and solve problems, the feeling of helping one without the want will make you feel a trillion times happier and positive.

Be the family or else don’t bother! You have come on this planet do good, be good, and just get the hell out of the land! I don’t think you want to come back and finish the unfinished work for what you’ve actually come for! Understand the fact you have stepped on this planet as a human for a reason otherwise you would have attained moksh till now!

Love the truth and don’t hate the truth, be what you are, and understand the value of family and love which is the best doze of happiness in anyone’s life!

__END__

