Emotional Family Story: Father and Daughter Touching Moment

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

The location was more than perfect. The atmosphere was serene.

It was a small place sitting in the lap of nature. Surrounded by lush green trees.

At a distance u can hear the sound of water flowing softly.

This place i have chosen for my most memorable date.

It was a Sunday afternoon. I have always loved Sundays.

As a kid i used to look forward to Sundays.

That was the day when we all used to get nice treats from Dad.

Those were the most innocent and lovely days of my life or so i thought.

This Sunday was a very special one for me.

But i never thought it will change my life forever.

While i was wandering in my childhood memories, a fresh breeze touched my face and i

heard her sweet voice mingled with the breeze.

I smiled and looked up. My heart skipped a beat.

She was looking as beautiful as ever.

She was like a dream or rather she was a dream.

She came running towards me. She looked at me and smiled.

At that moment i forgot everything. All my memories faded.

Maybe coz i was trying to make space for new memories

or maybe coz the older ones are not as beautiful.

I was in a totally different world.

She was the most beautiful thing i can ever imagine.

Her eyes were big and beautiful.

A perfect combination of innocence and mischief.

Her eyes were doing all the talking.

I just kept staring at her smiling face. I don’t know how much time passed.

Suddenly i felt a tear roll down my cheek. But i was still smiling.

She flung herself in my arms and wiped the tears.

She held my face in her tiny hands and said “Why r u crying?”

Unable to speak i just kept crying.

She hugged me and said “Please don’t cry or i will also cry”

I wanted all the happiness in the world for her. In that sense i am very selfish.

After i composed myself we started chatting about anything and everything.

She told me about her friends, school, teachers, clothes, sandals, planes…

She also sang some rhymes for me. One thing she can talk about endlessly is airplanes.

She has a fascination for planes. She made me promise that next time we meet she wants

a big plane. I asked her why and she replied “Whenever i want to meet you i will fly in

my plane”.

She was a perfect chatterbox. She kept talking and i kept listening trying to soak it all

in. It felt more like a dream. How i wished for the time to stop. But alas time never stops

for anybody. It just keeps ticking. Suddenly i realized it’s been long time since we were

chatting. I ordered food. She enjoyed the meal thoroughly and so did i.

That was the best meal i had in the years to come. After the meal we set off for a leisurely

walk. There was so much i wanted to share with her. But still no words came out.

We just strolled in the garden hand in hand. We went to the riverside and played in the

water. We splashed water on each other. She looked very cute when she giggled.

Time flies. And today i realized how true it is.

From a distance i heard a voice calling her “Common honey we are getting late”.

Time to bid adieu.

I hugged her tightly. And she reminded me again “Please don’t forget my plane”.

And i promised her that sure i will give her a big plane the next time we meet.

Then she turned to go, looked back smiled and very casually said “Bye Daddy! See you soon”

not knowing the fact we are never going to see each other again.

In that one moment i went through a thousand emotions.

With her parting words she gave me a new lease of life.

Her wish to have a plane changed my life forever and for the good.

From that day i am working hard so that one day i can gift her a plane.

Seventeen years passed and all the memories are still fresh in my mind.

That was the last time i saw my little princess, my 4 year old daughter.

But i never lost hope to see her again.

HOPE.

When the world says, “Give up,” Hope whispers, “Try it one more time.”

