Article – WIFE OR NO WIFE IN LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Wife is a wonderful word we know about. It can be defined as an important part of one’s life (Here one’s life means the life of a man).

 Wife is a woman married with a man having equal role to play with or equal right and duty to share with particularly with so called husband and generally with the people so called the members of the family which she belongs to for some specific reason or cause.

 Wife is an important part and parcel of family and thus she has to perform her duty to please everybody with due love and affection, honour and respect, care and courtesy and so on. She is entrusted with household work which she has to perform sincerely for the peace, pleasure and prosperity of the family as a whole without any discrimination and disparity.

 Wife is also known as better half which is used normally by better full (Here I mean to say better husband).

 I have never tried to consult any dictionary whether “better full” word is there or not. I have gone through the chapter of gender and came across numerous words which are masculine. Normally masculine gender has got its feminine gender. For instance husband is masculine gender and its feminine gender is wife. Similarly brother to sister, father to mother, uncle to aunt, dog to bitch, horse to mare, bull to cow, king to queen etc. The feminine gender appears quite different from its masculine gender in appearance. In human beings we can distinguish or differentiate the moment we see her, look at her, talk to her and so on but it is too difficult to recognise a male from a female in case of birds, a few beasts and insects like cockroach, spider, lizard, scorpion etc. Some domestic animals who usually live with us like cow, bull, he-goat, she goat, dog, bitch, he-hare, she hare, cock, hen, horse , mare, buffalo, donkey can be recognised whether male or female the moment we see their appearance. Male and female differ each other in so many things in behaviour in look and in appearance.

There is no wrong if better full is used for husband inasmuch as better half is used for wife.

Most of the men in and around the world have their wives, only a few remain (Here remain means live and lead life without wives) bachelors, they don’t marry, why so? The reason is best known to such people but there must be some specific reasons for remaining bachelors. I have never made research over this subject till now as to why people do not marry. I can guess the reasons whether I am correct or not it is up to you to judge. There is a condition for participation in the debate i.e. he must be a bachelor – it is one part of the coin – let it be a head and the other part of it – let it be a tail in case such persons are women. In fact let its percentage be minimal, some women also remain bachelor I mean to say they do not marry. Here also there lies some specific reasons but who can approach such women and can ask them the reasons why they do not marry in life. it is logically accepted phenomenon that there is always an answer to a question. Only presumption or assumption can help to some extent. Over and above the autobiography or biography or life history of such men or women can be helpful to us to know the exact reasons of not marrying. Why women do not marry will be covered in the next story. Now let us concentrate on men only.

The reasons of remaining bachelors (Not marrying) are summarized as follows:

Why men marry: It’s quite obvious that to fulfil the physiological excitement or provocation, willingness or desire or impulse or force or compulsion or need or requirement so to say food and drink alike people marry woman. It’s the first and foremost reason that most of the men marry women. The moment the people reach the age of puberty, the sex organs are stimulated internally and disturb mentally in such a way that they do not feel comfortable in any way unless or until they do sex with women.

Secondly for family the people marry so that their dynasty/generation can continue for the years to come one after another.

Those who do not marry are afraid of losing most of the valuables like their relatives, kith and kin, their friends and associates, space of time, vision and goal, aim and objective and the last but not the least masculinity, power,freedom and so on.

In India these people didn’t marry. Once we look into their autobiography or biography we may know the reasons why they didn’t marry in life:

2 Swami Vivekanand: He didn’t marry. He was well aware of the fact that once he married, he wouldn’t be able to contribute to the people of the society what he had thought of. He established Hinduism, its religion, tradition and culture and so on the universal platform. So far as I learn while after finishing his world famous speech in Chicago, America in September 1893 at the Parliament of the World’s Religions, the participants and the people of the world were extremely impressed and a lady – a social worker, author and teacher was so influenced by him that she proposed Swami Vivekanand.

 to become his disciple. Swami Ji agreed to it provided she wanted to live with him as sister. She was convinced and agreed to live with him as sister and since then Swami Ji started calling her Bhagini Nivedita. In Bengali literature Bhagini means sister.

 Once Swami Ji said, “Great work is done only with great sacrifice.”

 3 Sri Aurobindo Ghose: He didn’t marry as he wanted to dedicate himself

 solely, wholly and exclusively for the cause of humanity. He was a great freedom fighter, poet, author, philosopher, educationist and yogi. After four years concentrated yoga he set up an Ashram now known as Aurobindo Ashram in Pondicherry.

 4 Atal Bihari Vajpayee: He didn’t marry because he didn’t get the time.When somebody questioned him and wanted to know the reason of not marring. Jokingly or seriously he replied, “I did not get the time even to think over this issue in life. He meant to say he was too busy to work in politics for the welfare of mankind. He reached to the top position of the country and did a lot. He served the nation in various capacities and lastly retired as Prime Minister of India. He is reckoned as “ Ajatshatru” meaning thereby he has no enemy.

 5 APJ Abdul Kalam: Why he didn’t marry is still a secret as nobody knows the exact reason for not marrying, but as it is obvious he has dedicated himself physically, mentally and spiritually to space research – the only aim that he had fixed up early in life. It is no exaggeration to say that he has sacrificed for the cause of progress and prosperity of the country’s power in the field of space engineering, science and technology.

 6 Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: He didn’t marry as has dedicated his life for spreading spirituality and its quality and role in human life. It is the spirituality that brings forth peace and harmony in one’s life and only then one can be happy and gay otherwise not at all. He is the founder of “Art of Living” and teaches that spirituality is that which enhances human values such as love and affection, mercy and compassion, inspiration and enthusiasm. He is also known as spiritual leader all over the world.

 7 Baba Ramdev: Everybody knows why Baba Ramdev didn’t marry in life. So many times people asked him why he didn’t marry. He replied with smile, “I joined Gurikul at early age and dedicated from there itself my life for yoga and Aurveda. Once decided, decided for ever not to marry.” All of us are well aware of what Baba Ramdev has been giving to the people of India and beyond that all over the world – a unique and superb methodology to remain fit and healthy whole life with no cost.

 It is his contribution that yoga is recognised, accepted and honoured almost all over the countries of the world and due to that 21st. June is declared the world Yoga Day by UNO and moreover the day is celebrated enthusiastically by world community. Indian Government came forward and did a lot for its recognition worldwide.

The percentage of such people in society is minimal even though it is the outcome of the sacrifice that the people make to remain bachelor throughout their lives and contribute virtually what the society needs to flourish like anything.

 The reasons attributable to the issue of not marrying is crystal clear that a few people do not marry as they have some specific aim or objective to achieve or fulfil. Such people are of the opinion that once they marry, they will lose freedom and as such they fail to achieve in life what they have thought of.

 There is a very popular quote the people use to say: “To marry a woman is just like Delhi’s laddoo (A kind of sweets) whosoever has eaten it has to repent and whosoever has not eaten it has to repent too.”

###

Writer: Durga Prasad, Advocate, Sociologist and Journalist

 Dated 1st. August 2016 Monday.

