Ronit was born in a small town of Maharashtra. He lived with his 6 cousins and an elder real sister Tony. Being the youngest everyone loved and pampered him. We all likes to be loved and feel comfortable in such an environment same was the case with him.

Being the youngest child is also difficult as you constantly live in an unsaid competition which you create in your head with your elder siblings. The need to be noticed and appreciated popped up and he tried all the silly ways to get attention and more love.

Till the age of 10 he never knew the concept of a nuclear family. He always felt all families have around 12 to 15 people living in the same house. Because of some unavoidable situations they moved in different houses to live separately. Though two of his cousins continued to stay with them. He tried to adjust in his new environment with fewer people around. Thanks to Tony and cousins he coped up with the situation. After few years his two cousins also moved out for a new life. Now it was only Ronit, Tony and parents left in the house.

Both Ronit and Tony grew together Ronit was a easy going person with only few friends. As he never felt the need of any friends. Life was going great with parents and sister around they all struggled through the thick and thin together and built the strongest bond.

Then the most beautiful thing happened in Tony’s life. She fell in love with a guy called Danny.He was a nice guy he loved Tony dearly and wanted to marry her with parent’s approval. Everyone was happy learning the same but somewhere deep down Ronit was sad as he felt he will be lost and left alone. What will he do??? With whom he will laugh and play??? that day he learnt to hide feelings. And the day came when Danny and his parents came to meet Tony and her family in their hometown and exchanged the rings.

Later in Christmas vacations Tony and her family went to Danny’s hometown to fix the wedding dates. They reached Delhi in the morning. Danny came to pick them up to Delhi station and took them in his car to his hometown which is 500 km from Delhi. They left in the morning and reached in the evening Danny’s family gave a warm welcome to everyone and made them all feel at home.

The next day Danny’s relatives came to meet and proposed. Why to wait for even few months? lets have a wedding ceremony on the 1st of January. Ronit and his parents were shocked as how will they arrange for the wedding in such a short notice of only 4 days?. Ronit’s father being the youngest in his family as well he had to ask his elders so he asked for 1 day time.

Ronit was sad again as he felt everything running out of his hands all of a sudden. You know how it feels when you love your sister so dearly and not wanting her to leave you just because you feel you wont be as important in her life as you used to be?. Worst when you realize you did not spend much time with your sister. It was like someone taking away your breath and you manage to smile.

Next day Ronit’s dad made calls to his elders narrating all that happened last night and asking what could be done. Everyone already met Danny and his parents the time they visited Tony and her family earlier. Everyone was happy with and approved the decision. They all exchanged sweets and started to plan for the wedding as no one was prepared for it. Danny’s father was a gentleman he came to everyone’s rescue and said not to worry about anything everything would be taken care of.

And the day came 1st January the day which was planned for Tony’s wedding everyone was happy and as it was a marriage between the people of two different cultures everyone was excited. In the morning they had the punjabi rituals continued with lunch and D.J. party and in the evening it was a phere according to Brahmins culture.

 Everything was going on smoothly. Ronit was trying to be a support to his father who was tensed considering the marriage and the grieve of leaving his daughter. Deep down Ronit wanted to cry out his soul as he was being shattered. Tony Knew Ronit wont be able to control his tears she asked him not to meet her when she leaves. As only Ronit was there to be strength for his parents. He was acting strong but wanted to cry bitterly.

After the marriage Ronit and his parents left for their hometown leaving their daughter with her new family with lots of love and blessings. This thing changed a lot in Ronit and his life……

How a person’s relations change from one’s daughter, one’s sister to one’s lover and later his wife to a daughter in law and a sister in law.

–END–

(Things that changed in Ronit’s life will be my next post I hope you like my post this is the first time I am writing something Lots of love to all.)

