Short Story Family – Emotions

Photo credit: 

 from 

” Still you have nice sense of humor”-  Sangeeta said.

“Thanks, but I am not good in that”- I said.

“in what?”-  sangeeta said

“I mean my sense of humor is ok ok…I told you I 

“oh my god…I am late”

she quickly finished her coffee and ready to leave.

“Ok….I will come in the evening, to pick up you from your tuition.” – I also took last sip of coffee and gave 100 rupees to canteen wala.

Sangeeta gave me a cute smile and run away to her class. And then…..and then…..uff…and then… sh*t….!!!

only those lines I could write in my diary…

I was alone at my home….was trying to write whole story, but lots of other thing was running in my mind. true story is not easy to write…I tried hard to push back all of them….but No…I was helpless….Finally I go through all those emotions who was holding my mind…As soon as I faced them, my memories pushed my one year back.

Sangeeta was a faculty member in science college in town. I was working in local newspaper.  I was new there, so half of the time I sit with  my colleagues and observe their work, how they make a article, how they make stories on any topic or any incidents. rest of the time I spend with Sangeeta.

first time I met her in Blood donation camp… thats why I always say to her “tumhaara mere khoon ka rishta hai” (we both have blood relation.) actually this was my first time of blood donating… and I was very nervous…and I was asking lots of question to sangeeta, she was also came blood donation camp for donating blood.

she smiled and said-  “Don’t worry. it was my 7th time.  there is no harm to donate blood, no weakness and all..”

“oh…ok….thanks”- I accepted whatever she said.

second time we met in Gandhi Library.  I was looking for some science fiction book, librarian indicate towards her.

“Excuse me m’am… would you mind, if I take this book”?

“yes”-  she said and laugh…

I noticed that girl is sangeeta. Sangeeta told me about her college job.  after library I offered her for lunch.

“I don’t mind….may I know what is the reason behind it”-  She look at me with doubt.

“when we got guru in our life we offered “Guru Dakshina”, I live with same formula… I got friend in my life…so dinner is to make  this occasion memorable.” – I told her my life funda…

“why you don’t have friend? you are very interesting,  good sense of humor, then why?”-  she was curious.

“I have only male friends in my life…no girl friend….I mean, No female friend…”-   I answered.

“hmm…interesting….so shell we move for lunch?”-   she smiled.

This second meeting gave me confidence to talk to her. we exchanged mobile nos… we started talking to each other on phone… long hours…long messages… long talks….

That time was a golden time of my life…I got girlfriend, I got job in local newspaper.. so naukri and chhokri (girl and job) which is most important thing to achieve in life, I got in this golden time.

Finally one day my family and Sangeeta family met with each other. both families were happy… yes,  you are right….when both side families seems happy, that mean its a good condition of anyone marriage… same happened with us… we both got married..

life is not a straight road….lots of u-turn, lots of speed breaker will come in your way.

after marriage we both were busy in our work…my most of the day finish with newspaper stories and article. Sangeeta also busy with her lecture notes.. we hardly talk to each other…we both wanted to well settle in this metro city. expenses were high, and our income was less…But this was not U-turn of life..

One day courier boy  rang the door bell. that was Sunday, so we both were in home only. I  was working in my laptop.. Sangeeta opened the door..she singed the paper which courier boy gave her and he handover a letter to her…

she opened the letter and started reading.

Dear Tanmay,

“I know my letter is unexpected for you, but not to worry. I am not coming Bangalore, to ruin your married life. just wanted to inform you that now you don’t have to send money to your first wife and kid. yes….I am getting married. I got my life partner again. He can not see the world…yes he is blind…but I have seen the world and found there is hardly anything to see.  I am happy with my life…only I want whatever you did it to me, don’t do with your wife. and yes you are not a good father, so don’t destroy anymore lives.

sending you my wedding invitation.  I know you couldn’t find any connection in our relationship, so you will not come for sure…it was  just a formalities.

Take Care

Your…sorry…

Rachna

__________

Sangeeta was totally shocked…she didn’t know this part of my life.  I don’t know how to react. I bend my knees and hold her hand…and started…..

Rachna and I met in college days. I finished my college and we got married. yes that was too love marriage. all thing was all right till Mintu born. doctor said child is not normal…and we now live with this fact. time by time I was not comfortable with Mintu situation. I heard about special child and I always have sympathy with them, but I didn’t know that my kid will be one of them. I changed completely…always fight with rachna without any reason. I used to make reason for fight.

one day I told her “I can’t live with you, because I don’t find any connection between us.”

Rachna didn’t say anything.

“I know it will be difficult to survive, but don’t worry. I will take care both of you. will send monthly expenses to you.”

Rachna started crying but didn’t say a word.

“please Rachna, its very difficult to live whole life with person who is difficult to understand, and that is me…you are nice girl, but please… I can’t do anything”

Rachna packed her bag and left…

Rachna left….and I felt nothing…may be that time I was emotion less. I don’t know.

After a year, one day I was in  shopping  mall. suddenly a kid come to me…and started unbind my shoe lace. I bind…again he did same thing…suddenly his mother come to me, and said..

“sorry…he is special child….they find difficulties in everything” ….and she left.

I thought about Mintu…After this incidents I tried to talk to Rachna many time but she didn’t talk to me. she changed her old home. now I dont have any clue,, where she will be..

Sangeeta was quiet.

“Please sangeeta forgive me. I know, I am bad person…but I really tried hard to find them…but couldn’t find.”-  I convinced her.

Sangeeta packed her bag.

“where are you going….please don’t leave me”-  I begged her.

“No Tanmay…you always  see life from your glasses….change your glasses and wear someone else….try to see someone’s emotion. Rachna was quiet when you said leave me….she didn’t say a word…because emotions are beyond words…you have to feel, what someone wants from you”-  and she left the room.

I was totally speechless..

I closed my eyes and diary which was lay down in front of me…. these emotions were holding my mind from last 7 days…I  looked at the calendar, it was 10th feb. I got notice from my newspaper agency, because from last 7 days I was at home only.  whole room were full of smoke and ash.  I was looking Sangeeta’s photo in my computer, suddenly door bell rang.

I rushed towards the door.  I opened it….Sangeeta was standing in front me with my child Mintu.

“I am so sorry… I am so sorry my child”- I cried and lift him up..

“How you find him?” – I asked

“Sangeeta found my address, she called me and told me to meet you once.”-   the familiar voice come from behind. Rachna was standing there with her husband.

“Rachna, I am so sorry….I am really not a good father, not a good husband”-  I begged.

Sangeeta came to me..

“I adopted this child, now he will live here….don’t worry I will take care of him….you don’t have to do anything.”  – Sangeeta said.

“No….I will take care of him….he is my child…I am so sorry Mintu…” –  I was crying..

suddenly Mintu came to me, he wiped my face.

“papa don’t cry…where were you?  mummy told me alien caught you and took you to their UFO.” – Mintu looked at me with curiosity.

“Yes.. Alien caught me and they made me Alien…A bad alien…but don’t worry… Angle come to UFO and she destroy the UFO…”- I kissed him.

“Now you are free papa”- Mintu again looked into my eyes.

“Yes now I am free with everything”- I said.

“where is the angel papa?” – he asked..

I looked at Sangeeta and Rachna….I didn’t give him answer because there were two angle in my life who fought with Alien and destroy their UFO.

__END__

