Sometimes we never know when life takes a major leap!!

The Big Leap in my life was not so long ago. When I was a regular college going student pursuing my degree from one of the most reputed colleges in the city. I loved my graduation life, hanging out with friends, group studying ,tensions during submissions and exams, vacations and the unplanned college bunks used to be really fun. Due to endless college politics, I had to stop attending regular classes and finished by graduation elsewhere. This was the time when things eventually started changing.

Hi this is Tara Sharma, all of 25, independent working woman, married to this wonderful,hardworking and successful business man Karan Sharma.

Karan and I have know each other for 2 years before our wedding. It was a love marriage. We both come from creative career fields but absolutely different family backgrounds. Our relationship unlike others wasn’t all mushy gushy or lovey dovey. We started off as friends and dint realise when it turned into a wedlock. Though everything seems perfect on the outside, we like other couples had our share of ups and downs, financial to be more precise. I would say we tied the knot amidst the most difficult times of our life. But supporting each other in those times has made our relation much more stronger and healthier.

Getting married to Karan was like a dream but living and adjusting with my in-laws was my worst fear. It only meant no more hanging out with friends,no western clothes, reasoning them for everything, always have Karan tag along everywhere, explain them of our whereabouts etc etc. Karan’s parents aren’t easy going or broad-minded people, they hail from a small town and have grown up in the most conservative backgrounds. Things were pretty smooth the initial few months but as months are passing by now and with my independent nature, adjusting with them is getting difficult. To an extent Karan does support me but like every other guy, poor he, gets sandwiched between wife and parents and for obvious reasons parents win because of the DNA!!!

Well, this was a brief introduction about my life and by now you must have understood what kind of context you will get to see in these stories.

**

 (to be continued)

P.S- I am not a writer  (hoping to be one though) , so kindly please ignore the grammatical errors made or the language used.

