Family Short Story – My Brother

Photo credit: 

 from 

Hello. My name is Angela.. My brothers name is Johnnie. Common name, common human being, yes? No!! My brother is not only the best brother ever. But a soldier.. Not your typical.. Fight for your country, for our freedom kind of soldier.. No, hes his own soldier.

Now ever since my brother was just 10 years old, he was driving his bicycle with his friend and as he was driving it, the cliff they were driving on gave away below the tires.. Causing my brother to fall 45 feet.. To a rocky bottom.. This tragedy happened on none other than April fools day so when his friend came to let my brother mother know.. We all thought it was some kind of sick joke. Well it wasnt. My brother had indeed fallen and was at the bottom of that cliff.

This was the end of my world as i knew it. Or so i thought. He survived. He had a cracked skull and hurt himself badly but he recovered and was perfectly fine afterwards. Granted the brim damage and the metal plate and the huge scar he has on the side of his head. But hey, hes alive.. NOBODY COMPLAINING. well after that life was grand, we were all happy and grateful he was alive. Untill, he turned 16..

He had a really bad car accident that claimed the life of an elderly woman and my brother was incarcerated for 3+ years. Life without my brother. Why? Everyday i wished him home but i knew at that point in time it could not be. Id hear his foot steph coming up the stairs.. Or id hear him talking.. But he was never there. But just like the cliff obstacle, he overcame this. And he came home.

At this point, i had just started highschool and met my Bestfriend Courtney. Lively girl, beautiful smile, quite, pretty. I brought her to my house and she met my brother. At first she thought he looked like a skid lol because of the clothes and how dirty he was from working on his car. The next day, she came over.. She seen my brother groomed and spiffy.

And id say, it was love at second sight. They were in love. About 3 years ago, my brothers dad died.. He was my brother’s bestfriend. The did absolutely everything together. But like the soldier my brother is.. He pulled through and stood strong.. Just like dad woulda wanted him to do. During all this courtney was still by his side. This may.. Courtney and Johnnie would of been together for 6 years.

But on new years eve, god came and claimed Courtney’s life. Leaving my brother behind and making him fight one of the hardest battles he will ever have to fight – alone. The world is cruel. My brother is a soldier..but even a soldier has his weak days. And why take his love, his life? i’ll never know. I know my brother is fighting with him self.. Probably asking why me? .. My question is.. Will he ever get a break? One thing i have learned from this though, other than how cruel this world is, is that God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldier. Love you my brother Xo

__END__

