Family Short Story – Ipsi

Photo credit: 

 from 

Nayan ……Good morning !!!

 Good Morning ! Doctor ……..When I will be discharged from the hospital . Very soon Nayan !! Doctor replied with a smile. So you are enjoying Gardening !!!…….No Reply from Nayan. He was silent…!! As usual busy with his Gardening……

 There was a  silence for few seconds….

 Hey Nayan ..see who came to meet you ….she is here …..Dr. Turned the face of Nayan to his Left ….See Anu is here….. . Hi Anu!! …Hi Doctor !! Anu replied ….How is he today. Better!! ..Much Much Better!!…Why don’ you and Nayan talk to each other. Ram lal ..O Ram Lal !! Please take Nayan to Visiting room …Anu ..Please wait in Visiting room..We are sending Nayan there..

Anu at Visiting room …was trying to control her emotion ……Looking at the Window….Cool breeze from River side window has hit her face….and she heard someone said Mumma!!! She just turned other side…Ipsi!!! …Yes Ipsi is there…….

Mumma I won’t do homework today …I want to play with you. See ..Ipsi ..I am tired beta …You know how tough is the evening during weekdays ….for a working woman….See Ipsi ..Now you are grown up ..You are 7 years old now ..you should focus on study …..make some friends in our society …Oh Mumma ..I have lots of friends here…but they won’t play with me whole evening…And when you and puppa is at home…I want to play with both of you . A very loud voice came from other room ..Ipsi ….can you be quiet ….don’t you see I am working. Mumma ..how long Puppa will work…he is never play with me..nor take me to park ….not even talking to me. No beta …Don’t say this..Your puppa loves you very much …but he is very busy ..so he could not able to spend time with you …ok Beta!!

What happened Principal sir!!!  is Ipsi  alright … After you called us …We somehow reached to school from our respective offices. Sorry for the late Sir…Actually I was in meeting and that can’t be skipped…And Annu stucked in Traffic Jam…But How …How is Ipsi..She must be fine..Right!!!!

 Take your breadth Mr & Mrs Kumar….She is sleeping now..Our resident doctor have given her Pain Killer . Pain Killer!! What happened to her….No she was having acute pain in upper abdomen…So for time being Doctor has given her Pain killer. But She has suggested to go for thorough checkup. Yeah..yeah sure…We will take her to  Hospital.

 Mumma …..O Mumma ..why are you crying …..Nothing ipsi, Please tell me mumma. Why you and puppa both of you are sad? Nothing beta..Let’s go to sleep….Puppa ..Pupa ..Can you tell me story tonight?? …Hmm Sure beta….I will tell you ….Nayen somehow completed his sentence before he started crying like a child……

 Ipsi was sleeping on the lap of Anu. Anu…Don’t worry …I am sure she will be alright soon..God is great !! We will take her to best Doctor in the world….Nayen ….Doctor has already said ..no time has left…She has just few days…..Cancer has detected very late..It’s in Last stage!!…..Anu!!! Will you please shut up!!!…..Nothing will Happen to our Ipsi……

Anu!!

Haan!!!! She tried to clear her eyes……and turned back …How are you Nayan ??? Somehow she completed the sentence.

 I am fine….Anu…. ..I am fine…I am not Mad ..I am not sure why you and all world is thinking..I have become Mad….I am fine…Please take me with you …Anu….Please take me with you They are torturing me day and night here!!!  Let me tell you Anu, Ipsi has not died….We will go to hospital …and will ask doctor to discharge her…That day by Mistake Hospital  has informed us that Ipis has died.  yes Nayan ..we will go to hospital. Somehow Anu completed her sentence.

Puppa ..when I will discharge from the hospital ..will you play with me …..Will you tell me stories..yes Beta…I will …Somehow Nayan has completed his sentence…..Mumma You will also play with me …yes Darling..I will Play with you …..Thankyou Puppa & Mumma..Please give  me a big hug….!!!! Now I will be alright soon ..Don;t worry ….You know mumma I am the  Happiest daughter in the world today.

Doctor …what happened to her…she is not speaking to me…Nayan just shouted loudly!!!!

Mr. Kumar ……Its over !!!! what over!!…No Dr. I told her ..I will play with her ..I will tell her story every night….I told her Dr.  that we will spend time with her every evening…Believe me …And she was very happy ….You ask Anu ..Anu Anu .,….She told us that she will go with us to our home..sweet home…Tell me Anu ..Anu …Anu …Anu …Pls Tell me !!!!!

__END__

