Family Short Story – True Compensation!

Photo credit: 

 from 

His innocent face had lost its charm and his small chocolate brown eyes had become glassy black, though it was hard to find grief in them,they were more stir instead.The silence had become his best companion.

I came back with a heavy heart.It hurts when you are guilty of someone and the person don’t show even a sign of rage. You ask for a punishment and get a long lasting silence and you can do nothing but to wait…wait for the ice to break…wait for the heart to melt and wait for either a forgiveness and acceptance or for a punishment!

“Is he fine?”asked my better-half, my wife Sunita.

I looked at her in despair.A better question would be “Are you fine?”

Every time I meet him,the guilt of destroying someone’s whole life makes me to hate myself more and more.Even though I am giving him full compensation but the disappointment in his eyes make it all go in vein.

16 July 2012 was the horrible and disastrous day of my as well as his life.I got promotion and to celebrate it we decided to go out.Me,my wife sunita and my 4 years old daughter Ananya.Whole day I spent with them.It was indeed a big day for three of us after so many hectic days of work.I found peace and relaxation with my family.We watched movie and then went in a restaurent for dinner.I was content to see smile on Suni’s face.She always had been the biggest support for me.She handled everything so well that I could concentrate in my work without any tension of ananya,and her school stuffs.

“I think you also deserve a promotion…”said I,admiring her.

She looked at me, surprised.

“Yeahh…after all you are the biggest support”I said smiling.

“Ohh so Mr.General Manager Finance,What promotion will you give to your ‘not so talented house-wife’?she chuckled.

“Hmmm..so Mrs.house wife,you are promoted to ‘The best wife in the world’!”I said raising my drink glass in her honor.

And she laughed.

That night I left both of them to home and then went for another party given by my friends.They were all set for drink and in the remembrance of our college days,we drank until we lost our senses.

In midnight,I was returning home in full hangover. I was driving crazy in the assumption that at that time nobody will roam around on the most empty street of the city.And then that happened,the accident!It was all my fault.I was responsible for taking two lives and making their child orphan in this world.

Due to my reputed status and contacts,I easily got rid of police case but my conscience was not ready to forget everything so easily. I found everything about them.The man was teacher and earn enough for his family to survive and women,his wife was house-wife.They did not have any such relative who could take the responsibility of their only child Pranav.

And then I made my decision,decision to compensate the loss of the child.This is the first thing we have to take care in Finance department.And I calculated,what I need to do for compensation was to bear his school fees,his hostel fees(as it will be good to put him in a hostel)and other expenses (his clothing,study material etc).I did a rough calculation and found that I can bear that much expense for my inner-peace.

My wife and friends appreciated my decision.They were happy that I am making the poor child’s life.

“Dude,you are really a Hero!!!Otherwise people don’t think that it is their mistake in case of accidents,they forget and no body cares for victim’s family…but you…I am so proud of you!” said Dhruv my colleague patting on my back.

I was happy and content that I am doing good for someone who needs.I looked at Sunita. She was happy but the appreciation in her eyes was missing. I couldn’t understand why!

‘What’s your name?”I asked to the little boy.

“Pranav” he said without looking at me.

I was prepared for that. I knew that I have to face his rage,cry and lodgings.I took a deep breath and tried to be calm.

“Pranav,you know that I am not your enemy,neither I intentionally killed your parents.It was an accident.But It is true that I am responsible for ruining your life.So from now I am taking your responsibility.You can consider me at the place of your father.”

He raised his eyelids.I was hoping anger but their was a disappointment.He did not say anything,nor even a single word.He just followed my instructions and I came back hopelessly after doing all the formalities of his admission in school and hostel.

My happiness was gone.The peace which I felt after making the decision was replaced by a turmoil.Why he did not say anything??No anger,no frustration,no cry,nothing!!!I was prepared for all these things but not for his disappointment.I was feeling as if I was a murderer of his parents.

From that day my guilt did not let me sleep peacefully and I had no cure of it. It had been more than a year that I am compensating the harm,I have caused but then why isn’t his wounds healing,nor do mine.I was lost in my thoughts when Ananya,my little angel woke me up,

“Papa!!! tomorrow is a parent-teacher meeting in my school and this time you are coming with muma, are’nt you?”she was giving order more than asking.

I affectionately hold her and mocked,”Yes boss!!!”

She crackled in joy,”yepiee…I love you papa..”and she gave me a peck.

‘Parent-Teacher meeting…’words stuck in my mind.Suddenly his face came into picture,his dried eyes and the disappointment in them.Suddenly the whole world had started revolving in front of me.His parents dead bodies and his silent face.No!!!I am not compensating truly.I got the reason behind his silence and hopeless eyes.

Next morning I went to his school and there was he in front of me,same hopelessness in his eyes but now I was stronger.

“How are you?”I asked to start a conversation.

He looked in surprise,yesterday only I met him.

“I am fine sir!”he said.

“Today is a parent-teacher meeting in Ananya’s school” I said waiting for his reaction but he started looking at ground instead of saying something.

“You never have such meetings?”I asked.

He said nothing.

“You never told me.”I said again insisting him to answer.

“I don’t have parents” whisper escaped from his mouth and tears rolled down on his cheeks.The ice had broken and his heart was melting,the moment for which I have waited for so long. I kneeled down and hold his chin,

“You do have!” I said before I broke down. He looked at me surprised and I nodded,”Sunita and I have decided to adopt you…if you allow…You are a family now.Ananya too needs a brother…and…”

He hugged me tightly before I could finish my sentence.

“and I need peace..” which I was feeling. He was content and so was I because I have realized what was the true compensation for him.

__END__

