Family Story – I know that I don’t know

Photo credit: 

 from 

We are not admitting that what we know is not enough.We have to know more, more and more. The knowledge is not unending.

I am a fool as I think that I know everything. The world is not a dream to run like film made in mind.

He knows better than me. She knows better than him. They know better than her. They are not known enough to well know things that are changing day by day, minute by minute. I know that they don’t know things very well.

…..

Well, I thought that I know her.

She is my burning dream. I know that she loves me. She knows that I love her.

“So I think you know me well.”

“So I think you know me well.”

“Let us think that we know each other well.”

“Let us think that we know each other well.”

“Fine, we are getting married. My parents agreed.”

“Fine, we are getting married. My parents too agreed.”

……….

Well, we are newly married couple. We know each other well. At least, we think that we know each other well.

“I don’t know that you are fool.”

“Yes, I too don’t know that you are fool.”

“It is my mistake that I know you well.”

“Yes, It is my mistake that I know you well.”

“I don’t want to live with you”

“Yes, I don’t want to live with you”

……..

Well, we are departed. We are in search of someone we know well, very and very well.

“I know, I don’t do mistake this time.”

“Yes, I know I don’t do mistake this time.”

“I am very careful. I don’t follow foolish dreams.”

“I am very careful. I will have perfect test before the commitment.”

……..

“Well, are you sure you love me perfectly.”

“Yes, tell me what is about you?”

“Yes, Yes. I love you more than my life.”

“Yes, Yes. I love you more than my life.”

“Really, I am happy to find you as my husband.”

“Yes, I am too very happy to find you as my wife.”

……..

“Well, I think that times are not good.”

“Yes, I too feel that the times are not good.”

“I chose a rotten egg like you as my life partner.”

“I chose a rotten egg like you as my life partner.”

“I cannot live long with a foul chicken like this.”

“I cannot live long with a rotten beast like this.”

“I quit you foul chicken.”

“I quit a rotten beast.”

……….

“Well, I am unable to know a person. Sorry mom, I don’t marry.”

“Well, I am unable to know a woman. Sorry dad, I don’t marry.”

“My honey, I am also unable to know a person, I don’t know your dad till now, but I am living with your dad.”

“My son, I am also unable to know a woman, I don’t know your mom till now, but I am living with your mom.”

“

 is the message we must remember to follow and thereby we will be very happy.”

_THE END_

