A TRIBUTE TO MY BELOVED BROTHER

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

When I was about 14 years old, me and my family went to attend my cousin’s wedding in Bengaluru. The journey was as enjoyable as it could get to be and we all were taken by surprise when the plane landed at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport in the evening. Sometimes one can’t realize how time flies.

The airport was packed with numerous duty-free shops. As I wheeled my trolley past a small grey door with the danger sign painted on it, I suddenly realized that I wasn’t moving. Something was tugging at my jacket from behind. And then, I was caught completely off balance. I opened my mouth to scream but a cold hand clasped my mouth tightly so that what came out was a stifled moan. My arms were flailing in the air. But alas! I could get hold of nothing.

I understood now… I was being kidnapped. The kidnapper dragged me into the room with the danger sign and slammed the door shut with his leg. Now, he let go off my mouth.

‘If you say a word, I’ll shoot you’, the voice was no less colder than the hands. My heart thumped madly while I tried to think of something. He had gripped both of my hands into a tight lock behind my back and they were beginning to pain terribly.

‘So tell me…How much can your father pay for your ransom?’

I didn’t answer. ‘OK, now repeat after me. “My father will pay 25 lakhs for my ransom”. Come on say that !!’

‘But…’ I began.

‘I said just repeat’, the voice shouted. I wish I could at least see the man’s face. Everything was becoming weirder by and by.

‘My…my Dad will pay 25 lakhs for my ransom.’

‘Good. Now say, “I’ll be a good girl and not try to escape.”

I felt the muscles of my hand giving way and going numb.

‘I’ll be a good girl and …not try to escape.’, I murmured.

I had no clue what to do, stranded in a small room full of strange machinery with a mad kidnapper.

‘Fine, now say Sreenath is smartest dude alive on earth.’

I started off, ‘Sreenath is…’.It took a little time to register in my mind that I had once again got tricked into one of my cousin’s notorious pranks.

Well, I chased him all around the airport. That was Sreenath, my to-be-wed sister’s younger brother who was 2 years older than me. Inspite of his silly ways he was a loveable person, someone who could bring a smile on every angry or sad countenance. For a sister who longed for an elder brother, I truly loved him. He was kind at heart and a brilliant all-rounder at school.

To my immense grief and dismay, my beloved cousin left us exactly two years ago in a bike accident. I thought that was the most unhappiest moment of my entire life. Nevertheless, he still remains alive in our sweet memories.

__END__

