Dear Dad – Family Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

 

“Dear dad,

Surprise! You must be wondering how can you receive a letter from your daughter, instead of those ‘stupid text messages’ as you describe them. So let me clear your doubts. As it’s a special day, I think you deserve a special letter from me. *Wink* *Wink* (Don’t roll your eyes. I’m not going to use a formal method to write a letter to you. Instead, I’m just going to use smiley and all these stuffs! LOL!)

So where was I? Yeah, remembered. So it’s a ‘Father’s day’ today, in case you don’t remember about it. (I’m sure, you wouldn’t know. I mean, when was the last time you had managed to remember special days!*Rolling my eyes*)

Hmmm… So let me wish you a Happy Father’s day!

Let me tell you that you’re the best dad ever. *Hugs and Kisses*

Okay, now I’m going to pay you a little tribute. *Silence* Naah, that wouldn’t be fun. After all, you’re my best friend and who talk formally with your best friend, eh? No, but today is your day, so I think I should at least try to say something serious.

You know what? When anyone asks me to describe you in one word, I can’t. Because I can’t choose between ‘The protector’, ‘My best friend’, ‘My hero’, ‘My philosopher’ and ‘My guide’. These were only few adjectives to represent what I actually mean to say, you know? If someone would have asked the same question about Mom, I could have easily replied with ‘My enemy #1’. LOL! I know, you would have said the same about her. ;) By the way, she was just talking about how much she hates us that we had spent last evening completely ignoring her. LOL! I told her that it’s not our fault that she doesn’t know how to play games on a play station. LOL!

Anyway, where was I? Yeah, I was paying a tribute to you. I love you and adore you so much that I want a husband like you. Yeah, I’m talking about my marriage! HAHAHAHA. But you just don’t worry about that yet, I don’t even have a boyfriend, you know?

Anyway I just want to tell you that you’re my whole world. (Along with Mom, of course!). *Kisses*

And a question for you. What do you want as a present? Mom is paying for it, so you can ask for anything. ROFL!

I love you.

World’s best daughter,

Rhea

P.S., Don’t tell me anything about how stupidly this letter has been written. I could have written ‘bf’ for boyfriend, ‘ur’ for ‘your’ and you wouldn’t have even understood anything. Just giving few examples. LOL! Love you!”

 

“Hey world’s best daughter, (Rolling my eyes here. Would love to know who gave you this title!)

Indeed I was surprised when I got your letter. But let me tell you, it was a pleasant surprise. How thoughtful of you to send me this amazingly written letter. *Snorts*

But well, to be honest, I’m touched. Gaahhh… This doesn’t sound like us, does it? Because honestly I can’t even remember when was the last time we had talked like emotional fools? (That’s your mother’s department! LOL! ) But still, I’m really glad that you consider me as your protector, best friend, guide, etc. etc. I think, I should let you know that I completely adore you, too. I can say that you’re my whole my world, too. (You come a way ahead than your mother. But don’t tell her. *Sheesh*)

Okay, enough for this ‘

stuffs. Now I’m in a ‘strict dad’ mood. So pay your attention. While I’m glad that you want a husband like me, I’m still angry that you’re even thinking about your wedding. You’re too young for that. *Shakes my head* I dearly hope to not hear about this stuff from you anytime soon.

Okay, now about a gift. Your mother is paying for it, eh? How about a private island then? LOL! She would be like, 

LOL! Such a jealous person your mother is! *Shaking my head again*(Don’t tell her about this, too!)

What else? I love you, sweetheart.

World’s best dad,(Self-appointed!)

Aditya

P.S., God, I just realized that it’s a lot easier to write a formal letter than a letter in this stupid style!

P.P.S., Hope you had noticed that I didn’t scolded for writing in this style, instead I tried to write in your style, even if it took me ages. Because I love you!”

__END__

