Family Short Story – Meghana

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Due to summer, the day started early. Sun is still under the clouds trying to come out. The Sunflowers in the farm turning their heads towards the sun. The cold breeze gently touched Meghana’s face. She is a charming girl and has a magnetic smile on her face. Everyone likes her due to her friendly nature.

Meghana is the only daughter to Siva murthy and jaya amma. She always be the best in character, studies and everything. She visits orphanages and old aged homes during weekend and spends her time with them. She teaches the kids there, play with them and eat with them.

Meghana is doing her bachelors degree in a local college. Here comes a guy named Ravi who loves her from his heart. He was trying to impress her since their school age. He is also her neighbour. But she never spoke to him.

One day, suddenly Meghana got disappeared from home. His parents worried of her. Searched her in many places but of no use. His father found a letter written by Meghana. He opened the letter and started reading:

“Dear Father, I never thought i will do this. But, unfortunately i am deeply in love with Ravi. Our two families are of two different castes and we know that you people never accept us. Hence, we are running out of the house and getting married. Please never search me. I hope you people never forget me. Yours loving daughter”.

Siva murthy shocked. He never expected such letter from his daughter. He is not able to believe the fact that his daughter ran away from home with a guy. It is a big shame for the family. Now he hates her.

No one believed the fact about Meghana. Orphanages, Old aged homes and neighbours…started asking about her. Now his family hates her to the core due to the bad image.

After a year passed, Ravi returned back to the city. He went to Meghana’s house. Siva murthy became very angry and started abusing him. He asked the reason for his return and said that he does not want to look his daughter again. Ravi started crying. He explained what exactly has happend to Meghana. She was suffering from a severe brain tumor and doctor gave her a time of few months. The fact that she was going to die cannot be digested by her parents and dear ones. Hence she wants to die alone, far from her family. She got the help from Ravi. Now she is no more.

After hearing what has happend, Siva murthy fell down on the floor watching Meghana’s photo on the wall. Her beautiful smile is still on the face.

-END-

