Family Short Story – DEEPEST TRENCH

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is 6.30 A.M. and the sky is cloudy. Yesterday,the weather experts  reported that a mild cyclone is heading towards our region. I am watching the clouds from the balcony. My little 7 years daughter Sony brought the News Paper for me. As I am going through the headlines Sony made a hissing sound to draw my attention.

” What is the matter,Sony? I asked.

“Daddy, Do I have to go to the School today?”

” No, the weather is not good” I replied.

” School management has not declared any Holiday. Sony must go to the school. You are pampering your daughter too much.” fiercely cried my wife, Lilly ,who came there to serve me a cup of  Tea.

” What went wrong with you Lilly now a days you are becoming more and more aggressive even on simple matters and I am not interested to send my Daughter to the School in this hostile Weather” I quipped.

Without giving any reply, Lilly rushed back to the kitchen. Meanwhile Sony got a chance to observe the News Headlines about the Cyclone.

“What is a Cyclone Dad?” Sony asked innocently.

“It is nothing but  air circular motion due to development of low pressure in the center. Before Cyclone calms down sometimes it causes devastation ”

“I could not understand what you said” Sony exclaimed.

I responded in low tone ” Sony, just only you have watched how your mother talked loudly about your brought up. Originally your mother intended to serve me Tea only. But my decision against  your attending School today, certainly, created pressure difference  in her normal thinking and ultimately we received her voice in high pitch. This is called domestic cyclone. It may range from mild to severe basing upon the fate of our day. Now you go and play.”

Sony scratched her head over my explanation and went to play with her kitchen set. I presumed that my wife  could not have heard my comment on her behavior. But to my surprise her magnetic eardrums proved that my evaluation is wrong. She approached me like a whirling wind.

“Why are you murmuring with Sony.I know you are spoiling the mind of Sony by portraying a bad image of my personality. It is not the correct way to bring up the children. You should know that the parents fundamental responsibility is  to serve as an ideal example and  carve out  better future of their children. In fact, if I also Compare your occasional irritation with Volcano Eruption or Earthquake, ultimately our family life serves as a good example of Natural Disaster for Sony. In fact you have started  digging a trench between Mother and Daughter relations.If you continue like so, one day, it will be shaped as  the deepest trench and you would definitely slide into it without the hope of any rescue..” said Lilly like a teacher holding  baton and left the place without awaiting for my reply.

Now it is turned out to be my turn to scratch my head.

__END__

