Family Short Story – It’s All About My Wife And You

Photo credit: 

 from 

I do not know how she (not my wife but somebody else) came to know that I’m an author. It may be possible she might have read some of my short love stories in net or website concerned.

 Yesterday late in the morning at about 11 I got a call from some foreign country. The unfortunate part of this story now begins with as introduction. It is that that my wife was present and was engaged in sewing her so called blouse. She is a good tailor too.

 She said,“I’m Sophia, talking from ?.”

 What’s the matter, Mrs. Sophia?

 I wanted to talk to you face to face in leisure, now I’m free. I have no work to do now. I’ve disposed of all. Now I’m sitting idle.I’m feeling bored too.

 O! I see! What can I do for you?

 Please favour me with your Email ID. I request you earnestly to mail me your stories the moment it is finished. In fact I don’t have so much patience to wait for.I’ve already gone through your short love stories one and all and I’ve enjoyed them like fairy tales.

 Then, why don’t you want my mail ID?

 It’s paying website. Though it’s a small amount but I can’t pay every time. I request you to mail me a copy as a good friend of mine.

 O.k.

 Mr. Prasad! You are a nice man.

 I switched off my smart phone to avoid the ensuing tsunami.

 My wife was listening the conversation though one side but trying to know that of the other side.

 Who is he talking so long?

 I don’t know.

 You know but you do not like to disclose.You’re concealing it from me.

 Not at all. I’m swearing for God’s sake.

 The way you were inclined to talk to, she must be a woman, not a man.

 What of that?

 Just then she called me again.

 The line was disconnected. so I couldn’t finish what I wanted to express.

 Mr. Prasad ! You’re a nice gentleman.

 How did you conclude it? we never saw each other, we never sat face to face.

 Obviously we love each other, if you not, then be sure and certain I.

 Amazing!

 I see you in your every short love story. I see you the role you play as an actor and characterize the hero or heroine of the story. In most of your short love stories I find you with a woman.

 As my wife was staring at me with her burning eyes, I switched off once again but after a few minutes she called me again.

 Mr. Prasad! You are a very nice man.

 Let me confess to satisfy you but I’m not a nice man in the eyes of my wife.

 My wife, after listening to this absurd comment about her, jumped upon me like a lioness.

 What did you utter about me?

 Nothing.

 Nothing? I’ll teach you a lesson.

 Let me finish, then you have liberty to do with me whatever you like. You can scold me. You can abuse me. You can beat me even. I’m ready to bear it with ease.

 On the other side she (The lady) was listening to our talk.Her smart phone was on. She was listening to our conversation.

 She asked me,” I heard some harsh voice.

 It’s my wife’s. You love me. Isn’t it?

 Of course!

 In fact whosoever comes in contact with me he or she starts loving me, the reason best known to him or her. If anybody does so , how can I stop him or her?

 But your wife? She questioned me with a sheer surprise.

 She didn’t at all. She is of the opinion and has set it in her mind that I love women other than her, inclined to them the moment I come in contact or be in touch with anyone alike.

 Mr. Prasad! Truly speaking, I too didn’t love my husband rather I hated him.

 The reason?

 The reason is almost the same.

 Please clarify.

 Whenever he saw any woman in person or talked to over phone, he started inclining as if she were everything and I was nothing. Mr. Prasad! All wives are more or less of the same nature or attitude. Please suggest me as a good wife the best solution to this problem.

Here is for you and all concerned:

 The only way, so to say solution is to keep silent and to bear with whatever your wife comments. I’m sanguine she will be calm and cool after a short time. That is why the wife is termed as better half. Now Nothing was left out for me to understand further.

 Is there any bitter experience or burning example you can share with me to support what you’ve stated?

 Of course!

 Whenever my husband saw any woman or talked to any woman over telephone, I used to reac. I disliked too. I used to scold. I used to abuse. Moreover I threatened him to divorce. At that time when I was at the top of my voice, he kept calm and quit and put up with what I said with sheer patience.

 Mr. Prasad! The another part of the coin is much more interesting.

 So curios she made me that I intervened to know immediately.

 What is that other part?

 After a short interval I stood up, caught hold of my husband under my arms and surprisingly I kissed him one after another. In fact I felt guilty of what I did. Since that very day I changed my opinion about my husband. I believe in him like a good wife. I trust him like a good wife. I love him like a good wife even. My husband is the lord, my life, my keeper, my sovereign who cares for me.

 Gracias ! I thanked her in Spanish language.

 Adios ! She switched off her smart phone saying good bye in Spanish language in turn.

 Do you want to know what my wife did after that? She repeated the same.

–END–

 Writer: Durga Prasad. MA (Labour & Social Welfare), MA (Human Rights), PGD(JMC), MA(Hindi – Part-I), B.L.

 Dated: Ist. August 2016, Monday.

