Short Story Family – My random thoughts – 1

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Life is a beauty but it’s made complicated by this brain of ours and add to it social norms . As I sit in my cozy home on this rainy day , multiple thoughts emerge in my mind . It’s been one year to my marriage and Wow! , it is the best phase of my life .There are so many beautiful memories , the bond and the love that grew between him and me with each passing day , the transition from clumsy girl to “the woman” . Yes, the woman . Nothing brings out the woman in you , like marriage does . Now , my thoughts start moving to all the moments that made me the woman.

My job as a IT professional , led my parents to search for a suitable engineer groom for their only daughter . Quite a task! During the “searching” phase , I met the most hilarious prospective grooms possible . Listening to their expectations was the beginning of my transition to becoming the woman . The questions asked by them were outrageous and absurd . From whether you know cooking , like wearing what kind of clothes to do you like night life and what’s your glass power . Well, thanks to all these men I definitely came to know what I didn’t want. It made me love myself bit more and take a stand for myself . In short , I found my “voice” which was lost somewhere . I learnt to accept the flaws in my personality . Well, I always accepted it but I never thought they would ever be highlighted so much .

Finally, I got married to the lovely guy. Well, he found all my flaws cute. The support that I got from this lovely guy is amazing and yes ! , I am short of words . Everything was not as rosy. As, my flaws were again highlighted. Not by my hubby but his family .Whether it was my acne , my weight ; all possible attempts were made to make me feel less of a woman. But , they failed because I took stand for myself once again. Told them, it means nothing to me and if it means so much to them , I am helpless. Now , I have learnt to love myself so much that hatred from anyone is meaningless to me. After all , as the famous saying goes “Ignorance is Bliss “. Indeed , it is.

Ultimately , the people who hate us , who despise us or try to demean us , are the one who make us the better person.

Well , someone is knocking the door…..see you!!!

–END–

