Family Short Story – HIDDEN STREETS

Photo credit: 

 from 

(A MEMORY I NEVER EVEN RECORDED BUT IT WAS THERE ALL THE TIME.ALL I NEEDED WAS THE ACCESS.)

Sometimes life teaches us the important values of it with some incidents or events.This is quite usual for one to take the decisions on the basis of one’s own life experiences.These experiences come from the outcum of daily-life situations and it takes time to learn a value.But in this story a night-dream is there that teaches the most important asset of the life for an individual existence.This is a true story of my own!

My name is Aish.d and I am the final year software engineering student of GLB college,New Del(India).My hometown is in Lucknow and my parents live there as of current.

Two years ago: when I was in first year of my college,I had a room mate named Neeshank.He was from the electronics stream and a cool personality by nature.We were close friends and lived in a small flat. At every night,we both used to go to the cue-club for the purpose of playing pool and the snooker.

That was the saturday night! and my mom used to call at every weekend’s night.Me and Neeshank,both were ready for going to the cue-club.We locked the door and went to the club.That very day we made a bet with two other individuals.The game was executing very well and we both were fully charged.Meanwhile my mom called me and I disconnected the call because there was my turn to hit the cue.She called me three times but I wasn’t in a state to pick that up;in short I simply ignored her!

Finally I switched off my cell-phone.We played for the late night and after playing so long we both paid the money for the booked table.We came back to our flat and were so much tired. I at once settled down to sleep and within a few minutes I actually had slept.I had no idea what I was gonno get.That very mid-night I saw a dream that changed me a bit for always! I had just managed to enter into the dream;in short I was in dream and then 10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1—-

Me and Neeshank,both came out from the front door of my parent’s home and that means Neeshank was also there at my home in Lucknow! I thought at once to call out my mom and dad but Neeshank suddenly requested me to go to the nearby shop.My home and that shop was just the two end-corners of the street(20-30 steps apart).I agreed to him and we both entered into the shop.We bought some products there and when we had to pay the money,we got to realize that we had left the money over the bed-sheet at home.I forced Neeshank to stay there and promised to came back in a minute.Then I turned—-

When I backtracked,I saw my mother standing at the front door!I passed her a smile and advanced to her.

 I was advancing and advancing in a straight line.Then all of a sudden,I realized that I had already spent more than enough time. Why couldn’t I manage to reach the destination?—- I asked myself. Then I

 saw around and I found myself in the streets of New Delhi! I was coming back from the cue-club!

Sudden I stopped walking and I found myself in a state of being unable to make the instant decision for where to go. I had been completely trapped by the triggering of that situation and I was like stand-still.

Meanwhile I started memorizing my mother and I recorded her waiting at the front door.My attention also diverted to Neeshank waiting at the near by shop.I couldn’t help myself to stop from running.I was running fast and faster.All I needed was just to get the home.I was running hard and with each advanced step,the streets were continuously altering!Neither was I able to get my college flat nor the hometown.

I was lost and suddenly I closed my eyes(I was still running). When I eventually opened my eyes,anyhow I managed to get the railway station! I took the train to my hometown and atonce I found myself in my hometown.I was at the railway station of my hometown.I wanted to get a taxi but there was not a single individual so I decided for going to home by walk. When I was on my way,I saw that there was no living being and all the houses were fully empty.It eventually scared me a lot and I started running faster.

After a few instances,I managed to get the nearby shop.I found the shop was open but there was not a

 single material in that and of course Neeshank was also not there.I thought he might be inside with my mom at home.Then I ran to my home and entered inside the house.I found no-one in the house and there was the almirah but no clothes,the bed but no bed-sheet!! I was in a materialless world or just in an existed structure.I came out of the house and went to the shop again.I found no-one there and I ran towards the home and entered into the house again.I went to my parent’s room and I saw around.

There was nothing but a lonely mirror.I came to it and saw myself into the mirror.Suddenly I found no image of mine in the mirror but I saw a street there. A peon of some x school was ringing the bell and a cute child was running so fast as to meet his mother;afterall the winter vaccations had been taken place!

I experienced the meeting of that child and his mother.They were planning for the picnic and very much happy together.The child’s mother suddenly saw me and asked-“Wouldn’t you come with us?”

I was just about to answer but meanwhile I woke up with a lot of thoughts in my mind.The last part of the dream was very touchy for me because that hidden street was not hidden then anymore.The child was no-one but me and she was my mother!!

With the advancement of my real-world life,I actually had forgotten some soulful memories of mine that had been attached by my parents.The memory I never even recorded for permanent but it was there all the time.

 All i needed was the access.That module of dream(the Hidden Street) made me able to access all of that.

That was by far the best reality that I had ever been on !! I was blind but now I could see–

That was the sunday and I perfectly knew that my mother would call at the night afterall she used to call in the weekends! But I couldn’t stop myself to call my mother atonce. We talked for half an hour and the interesting part was that we planned for an immediate picnic.

Neeshank was still sleeping because he was very much tired; or dreaming something?–well I actually had no idea :)

 After that incident I always set the priority to my parents.The existence of one’s parents is the most important asset for an individual !! My dream had taught me that lesson. And for sure Neeshank and me are still close friends:)

 Next time whenever you see any dream take it seriously!!

 This matters–

 Me from the Hidden Street says Good Bye!

__END__

