A mesmeric address plaque engraved with golden letters computing sense as; Greater Noida, sector 5, GH 17; hung before Mr.Chaturvedi’s appartment,  once a business tycoon and the proprietor of Subhadra textiles a prodigious hand loom sarees generating corporation which has wanna its mettle in the world of mind.

Like every workaday Mr.Chaturvedi woke up along the first ray of sunlight peeping through his window. He then hustle to his deluxe stoop were a cup of tea already awaiting for him next to the carage at the table and scrawl some dates in the tea’s condensation.

” He has both hatred and adherence with beverages simultaneously as they kill people’s time wordlessly and are his best ally in loneliness. ”

Apart from him the apartment is shared by Sailesh the only begotten of Mr.Chaturvedi and his four year’s old grand-daughter Riya. Sailesh is an irascible, aggrieved and naive psyche. Words like fraternity and amity are concealed to him.

Only because of his captious personality the company has already suffered huge losses since Mr.Chaturvedi took leave from the office everlastingly due to his inoperable disease.

As Mr.Chaturvedi has only reckonable days left in this sphere he want to rectify his son as a remarkable magnate before time goes up. But up to the time his all efforts call for failure.

Due to which the load of anxiety is increasing steadily and has led to the depletion of his health firmly. And now perceiving no ray of hope he has lapsed everything on God.

And one evening while the father and son were conversing over the company’s fatality,  Riya came and started importuning his father to play with her. Getting no way out Sailesh gave a task to her.

He tore a world map from a magazine; fizzle the map into several pieces and asked her to array the chunks to regain the map. Just after two or perhaps three minutes Riya accomplished the task. Seeing this Sailesh cup of stupefaction overflowed.

He couldn’t belive his eyes that a girl of four who doesn’t go to school or can’t even locate her own country on the map can do this miracle.

When a asked Riya told that behind the map there was a man face depiction  and I had just arranged the pieces to get the face, while the map turned automatically.

This simple incident alter Sailesh entirely and now he had understood the meaning of words like brotherhood or intimacy. And this was also the minute for which Mr.Chaturvedi was holding back for several years and now he could demise with pleasure.

–END–

