Rudra, after his social work hurries up to his house thinking that his wife, Vaidehi will be waiting for him. But for his surprise Vaidehi is not there at home and she has left him an apology letter mentioning that she is going to her mother’s home to help her parents as her mother is not well and is having fever.  Vaidehi had prepared dinner for him and had arranged everything on the dining table before leaving to her mother’s place. Rudra has now missed Vaidehi very much. Rudra and Vaidehi had done love marriage and they love each other very much. Rudra’s parents are not alive and Vaidehi’s old parents live nearby their only one daughter and son-in law’s bungalow.

Rudra is a very generous and helpful person.  He is also very bold and a good trained fighter. Rudra always fights against injustice, corruption and violence. He is having a coffee estate in his village. Rudra has also set up a private security agency office in the urban area. Rudra and his family live in the city in a bungalow, but they go to their estate house which is nearby in the weekend. He has appointed a manager to take care of the estate. Rudra takes good care of all his staffs. Rudra has helped many poor people financially and if he sees any injustice against helpless people he fights for it without even fearing for his own life. So many people respect and adore him.

Vaidehi is proud of her husband, but at the same time she is afraid and always feels insecure till her husband  gets back home from the office. The reason for her fear is that Rudra has to deal with bad people in his day-to-day life. One day she comes to know that Rudra is opposing people who came to bribe him for doing mean deeds and they had threatened Rudra. She comes to know that even the police are afraid of those people as they are having strong political support. Vaidehi fears that they may harm her husband.

That day after dinner, she hugs her husband tightly and starts crying. Rudra is very confused and asks her the reason for her grief. Vaidehi requests Rudra to ignore the bad people as much as possible and not to oppose them. She expresses her fear and says that she does not doubt his ability, but she fears that the bad people may harm their five-year old daughter Megha and she cannot live without Rudra and Megha. Rudra tries to console her and asks her what she is expecting him to do now. Vaidehi tells that she wants Rudra to close his business here. She expresses her wish of moving away to their estate house.  Rudra tells Vaidehi that village life is not easy and Megha may not get good facilities for education in the village. Vaidehi is crying continuously. Rudra is not able to see Vaidehi’s tears. He asks Vaidehi not to become emotional and promises her that he will do whatever she wants him to do as her happiness is his happiness and he loves her very much. Vaidehi now feels better and smiles at him. Rudra is also very happy seeing her smile and they both sleep peacefully.

Next day, evening Megha and Vaidehi are playing hide and seek in their garden. Vaidehi asks Megha to hide. Vaidehi closes her eyes and start searching Megha after counting ten loudly. She searches Megha in the garden behind the bushes, but she is not able to find her. Now Vaidehi goes inside the house and search for Megha in every room downstairs and upstairs. But still she is not able to find Megha. She calls out Megha’s name and tells that the game is over. She pleads Megha to come out and announces that Megha is the winner.

Vaidehi is really much tensed now and smells danger. She runs into the terrace and again searches for Megha in every corner of the house and the garden. Vaidehi starts crying as she couldn’t hear a word from Megha. Vaidehi is very anxious and she calls Rudra. Rudra comes home immediately.  Now, Rudra doubts the man named Nikhil who had come to bribe him recently along with Deshpande and was asking Rudra to join them in their misdeeds against the country and work for them. Nikhil had an import and export business of Nicotine supply.  Deshpande had a fraud, construction company. They wanted support from Rudra who was known for his bravery and actually they wanted to trap him. But Rudra had rejected their offer and had told them that he would never back stab his country and would never encourage people like Nikhil and Deshpande who are taking many people’s lives to mint money.

Immediately, he calls Nikhil. But his assistant picks up the phone and tells that Nikhil is busy and will be available only after half  an hour. Rudra is not having Deshpande’s contact number. So he decides to wait patiently.

Vaidehi cries and pleads Rudra to try calling Nikhil once again and to agree all his conditions. Rudra tells that Megha is his daughter too and even he is having the fear of losing her. He consoles Vaidehi that Nikhil is just trying to extort him or threaten him and he cannot do anything to Megha. He consoles her that he will handle the matter and see that Megha reaches home safely. Rudra requests Vaidehi to take courage. Rudra calls Nikhil again and again. At last Nikhil picks the phone and asks Rudra what he wants. Rudra tells that his daughter Megha is missing. Nikhil starts laughing and wishes Rudra good luck. Rudra is now confirmed that Nikhil has kidnapped Megha. He asks Nikhil to send his child back to him within an hour or else he will publish about his misdeeds in his friend’s newspaper.

Vaidehi snatches the phone from Rudra. She cries and pleads Nikhil to send her daughter back to her. Nikhil tells her that he is not interested in her daughter and asks her to find Megha near the gate. After about fifteen minutes there arrives a car near their backyard gate. Two goons throw away Megha from the car near the gate and escape from there.  Vaidehi and Rudra run towards the gate only to find Megha dead. Rudra and Vaidehi are crying at their daughter’s death with intense grief.  Rudra has become fierce now and again calls Nikhil to tell him that his time is over. This time Deshpande picks up the phone, laughs and asks Rudra to look behind. Rudra turns around and sees that two goons are dragging Vaidehi to the road and within a few seconds they push her under a moving truck. Rudra rushes and runs towards Vaidehi only to find that she is dead on the spot. Rudra is moaning with grief.

Rudra doesn’t want to live anymore without his wife and daughter. But Rudra wants to take revenge of his innocent wife and daughter’s death who got murdered in an inhumane way. Rudra with sorrow and anger takes an oath that his purpose of living will be to take revenge of his family death by taking Nikhil’s and Deshpande’s life in the same inhumane way.

Nikhil and Deshpande’s plan was to make Rudra emotionally weak as he was the thorn for all their ill deeds. Nikhil and Deshpande are now planning to flee away to Dubai for a few months. They are about to leave to Dubai in Nikhil’s chopper but Rudra who has kept an eye on their every action, attacks them with the help of his staff and capture them alive. Nikhil and Deshpande plead Rudra not to kill them. Nikhil tells him that he will give him all his property to Rudra. Rudra tells that he will leave Nikhil only if he can get back his wife Vaidehi and his child Megha.

He asks Nikhil is it possible for him to return back his wife and his daughter. He says that the value of life will be known to Nikhil by now. Rudra shoots Nikhil twice once for his wife’s, sake and another time for his daughter Megha sake. He does the same with Deshpande as he had supported Nikhil in all his misdeeds. Rudra goes to the police and surrenders himself. Police asks him why he took law in his hands. Rudra tells that he has received many awards from the country for his service, but today he is proud of himself that he has saved many other families from the wrath of evils like Nikhil and Deshpande.

–END–

