Usually, parents are the one who sacrifice everything for the sake of their children. 

But there are some children who sacrificed their passion and dreams for the sake of their parents due to some reasons (financial, family, health and others).

This is a story of a boy who sacrificed his dreams & passion at very early age. Like others he also had the dream to become a sportsman but due to middle class family he was not able to afford for sports equipments etc. Even though he did not bow down and continued to play sports. 

One day while practicing for athletics he got a severe knee injury, which buried his dream of becoming a good athlete. As the injury was severe he was advised to not to play sports anymore, Then his parents consoled him to quit sports so that there would be no health problems in future. So the young boy sacrificed his sportsman dream for the sake of his health. Thereafter he never played any of the sport, but his dream was still alive.

Another incident that he sacrificed his dream of going abroad for higher studies as that time his father had suffered severe heart stroke.                                                                                                                            At that time his father was heavily suffocated and told  his son to call ambulance, boy called the ambulance and rushed to hospital. Finally they reached hospital and treatment was started and all going fine. Then after a while doctor came said “Your father is safe and you brought him on time otherwise things would be different”. These words shocked the boy, which led him in a dilemma that if he goes abroad, who will take care of his parents? So he dropped off his dream and stayed with his parents.

Also he sacrificed his love life and freedom because his parents were adversely affected by his sister’s marriage which was a love and arrange marriage. Even though it was love marriage there were quarrels in her (sister’s) mother-in-laws house, and there were quarrels in his house also and his parents were mentally disturbed for almost 5-6 years. For this reasons he sacrificed his freedom and love life and was unable to relocate to other locations for higher studies, job purpose etc., As he has to take care of his parents. 

That boy is none other than me only.

By God’s grace, After this much of sacrifices now I am experiencing a little bit of happiness as my parents are good now, they are retired and living happily. 

For this happiness of my parents I have sacrificed my dreams, career, passion, etc. Compared to my parents sacrifice my sacrifice is very small.

  If you don’t experience sadness, you will not be able to enjoy happiness. Sad and happy both are complementary words.  

In this race of settling and earning money, many people are busy and neglecting their parents. “Settling means not sending money monthly monthly to them, settling means we should be with them in every point of time and take care of them”.

Parents never tell us to “leave your career and be with us”. But at some point of time they think about us and feel that “our children are not with us”. So try to postpone your work or sacrifice your time to spend with your parents.

Mother can show her love to her children limitless, father cannot show his love to children but, in universe father is only person who loves the entire family and sacrifices everything for family. 

So respect your parents and love them from bottom of your heart. 

–END–

