Family Short Story – Memories Don’t Fade

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘Be quick Sarah, aint you getting late for you class’ , I screamed at her.

‘Oh, come on, you know what that professor always arrives late for the lecture. I am damn sure he will repeat the same today’ , she replied gently.

I took a pause for sometime. We were moving at a ceaseless speed. I used to drop Sarah to her class everyday from her home. She was already late on that day, and over that she was walking wearisomely as if she has not eaten anything since several days. I was just advising her to walk quick so that she can reach her class on time.

‘Sarah you speak too much now. I am not going to tolerate you now. You need to walk quick or else I will not talk to you the whole day’ , I yelled at her.

‘Okay so now I’m not going to utter a single word till the whole of the journey. I am going to enclose my mouth now. Lets see who makes an attempt to speak first’ , she said with that wicked smile on her face.

The distance from her house to her class was almost a journey of half an hour. We both used to revel our company a lot and that was one of the reason why I used to drop her to her class everyday. From doing a whoopee to caring for each other our journey used to be filled with agitation. To make her smile used to be the first priority I used to start my day with. And on that day I could have not afforded to keep her mum in the whole journey.

‘You are not going to do that. I cant afford that, you need to speak’ , I protested.

But she did not uttered a single word. I took a pause and spoke again. ‘Well you should speak now, or else even I wont speak now’ , I said to her.

I knew she was pranking with me. She wanted me to do something for her which can coerce her to open her mouth. I tried to do many things for her. I made numerous wicked faces, I cracked jokes, I made pranks but nothing managed to coerce her open her mouth. My efforts made her laugh though, but at the end she did not spoke. At last I admitted that I lost and she won and now she should speak something, but she still kept quiet.

‘Bye’ , she indicated her departure by saying that as we reached the class. She did not speak in the whole journey inspite of my groovy efforts. I waved my hand to indicate her Bye with a lamentable expression on my face.

‘Where are your attention guys. No one is attentive in the class’ , the professor screamed on the whole class, and I felt the realization that I was stargazing. There was a tender smile on my face, as stargazing was my favourite hobby that I used to enjoy in the lecture.

Sarah was my sister. She was not my sibling or a cousin but a Rakhi sister. We did not have any blood relation or something of that kind.

But I had adopted her as a sister. We met through a common friend and were studying in same class but different college. As I did not possessed any sibling sister, it wasnt a bad idea to acknowledge her as sister. Every Rakshabandhan when I used to see my friends wrist filled with Rakhis, I used to feel inflicted deep inside for not having a sister to tie a rakhi on my bare wrist. Sarah took the spot of my sister and filled the space in my heart of having a sister. We cared for each other, we fought, we whooped with each other, we shared our spirit with each other. We did each and everything what a brother and sister of same blood does. For the first time I started to enjoy a company of a sister. To make her smile every morning was the topmost priority I used to give.

She is married now and it has been a year since I saw her the last time. We barely talk with each other. I dont drop her to her class now just because she doesn’t go there now.

I miss all the memories we had together. I miss the laugh we used to have together over a particular joke. I miss that smile on her face whenever I used to gratify her with my presence around her. I miss those eyes of gratitude of her whenever I used to facilitate her. I always tried to be a perfect brother for her, but I could not make it. Now I could not do anything but to memorize those memories we had together over the past few years.

In this span of time I acquired that time doesnt hold on for some specific moment. It doesnt wait. It just passes and you cant fix it again. The moment once endured will never come back. You have to make sure that you enjoy the fullest of that moment with no regression after.

__END__

