Family Short Story – Tomatoes in the Yard

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was two o’clock in the morning when I heard some plates crashing and loud voices in our living room. It was mom and dad screaming each other. They have been doing it since mom suspected dad for having an affair with other woman.

I rubbed my eyes, stood up and sneaked through the door of my room. I would want to stop them from having such non-sense argument but nothing I can do, instead to listen to them. Then I went back to bed and fell asleep. When I woke up, I went to the living room and to my surprise, dad was sitting there alone. I wondered why.

“Dad, where’s mom?” I asked him.

“She’s not staying with us anymore.” He murmured after sipping his coffee.

I was shocked with what I’ve heard. My tears would fell from my eyes but it stopped. I thought they were just tricking me. I thought that was just a prank. I finished my milk and cookie and went to school. I really had a hard time thinking of what had really happened that night that made mom to leave us. At that moment, hatred blossomed into my heart. I thought it’s dad’s fault.

When I reached home, dad called my attention. But I didn’t mind him. I went to my room and locked the door. Tears started to fall and words clouded into my brain. I whispered with sober voice.

“Why would mom leave us? Is there something wrong with me? I’ve been their good son. Why are they doing this to me?”

I really couldn’t help myself but to cry. Then, suddenly, I heard of someone knocking at my door. I knew it was dad.

“Hey son, are you okay? May I come in?” Dad said.

At first, I really didn’t want to talk to him but he insisted.

“Son, open the door or I’ll crush it!” Dad exclaimed.

“Leave me alone. I hate you!” I protested.

I noticed that dad was silent when I said those things to him.

Dad was crying. He was complaining and apologizing.

“I’m very much sorry, son. It’s all my fault. I can’t help myself but to get angry to your mom when she kept on having doubts on me. I swear to you son, I love you and your mom. I didn’t make fool of her. That woman was just a friend, nothing else.

Unexpectedly, dad cried. But it didn’t make sense to me. I asked myself.

“Why would I have to listen to him? It’s all lies.” I said.

“Son, please open the door. I need to talk to you.” Dad added.

Everything that dad said had just gone through my window. I couldn’t hear a thing but only my heart bursting with anger. The day ended up silently. Dad didn’t get any answers from me. I fell asleep with an empty stomach.

On the following day, I woke up hungrily. I immediately went to the kitchen to get some cookie and a glass of milk. After my breakfast, I went to the backyard to breathe some fresh air. I thought it was a very wonderful Saturday. It was so quiet. I felt no worries that day.

“I think I could plant some tomatoes here or grow some trees.” I talked to myself.

“With this, I could even prevent the flood from destroying our yard.” I added.

“Yes, son. That would be a nice idea to make while your free from chores.” Surprisingly, dad interrupted.

I was very much shocked and my heart was pounding that time when I heard dad talking to me. I thought he was mad at me. I paused for some couple of seconds. I didn’t know what to do.

“Son, I’m sorry. Talk to me. Let’s clear things out. We can live even without your mom. I could fill up the emptiness your mom left to you. We could still live a happy life without her.” Dad explained.

Teary eyes showed to me when dad was trying to relieve the pain I have. I was confused that time.I didn’t know if I was going to forgive him for what he had done to mom. I knew he had also endured the sorrows I had. I felt something odd to myself. My heart said that I should forgive dad but my brain thought I should not. My mouth opened and words came out unexpectedly.

“Dad, I could plant some tomatoes but those mom’s flowers you uprooted would never grow again. Those flowers she planted put a smile into her face every time she watered it. When you had such argument, she talked to them and even shed some drops of her tears. My heart melted when I saw mom crying in front of her flowers. It was very hard to me to accept that she asked help to her flowers rather than to her only child. Now, you want me to plant tomatoes. It could prevent the flood from going to our yard not the flood coming from my eyes. I’m very much sorry dad that I didn’t accept your sorry. I was just carried away. I’m sorry.”

Dad put on his knees when he heard those things from me. He cried. I went over him, let him stand and hugged him.

“Son, how I wish I know how to grow flowers for you. I never thought you like flowers than tomatoes.” Dad whispered it to my ear.

__END__

