Only a life could be saved, the doctor said. Without thinking a second, before even the doctor finished the sentence she said, it’s my child who has to see the world.

Neither her husband who was standing with all anxiety and tension knew nor her father who was praying, nor her son who was playing and asking every minute where is mom. She had flashes of her life going through in her mind. Meanwhile she had two requests to keep and the doctor with a heart said yes. Neither my husband nor anyone would know that I took this decision, and I’d like to know whether it’s a baby boy or a baby girl who is going to step into this world.

The doctor said it’s a baby girl who is going to come, and that minute her eyes shed into tears, the tears which kept flowing, the tears which had now meaning, the tears which had no ending stepping into her ending.

Her mind was full of thoughts, only about her girl, how she would cross her life without a mother, how could she face the world without a woman holding her aside.

For one minute she closed her eyes and subconsciously she then spoke to her child, a few words with a heavy heart.

“My dear, circumstances made us not to meet in this life, but there is no difference between you and me, as you are from me. I am not going to travel along with you in this life, but these 10 months with you were the best days of my life, you have a beautiful father and a cute brother to take care of you. I want you to be brave, I want you to be a woman who can face anything. The world is a beautiful place and there are good and bad people around, I won’t be there for you to say what is good and what is wrong, but you on your own take your life in your hands and live it. Live long, live the days which I had to live as well. I wish I could hold your tender hands, kiss your pinkish cheeks, look at your eyes and walk with you through the life. But I wanted you to face the world and win it. Though I am not going to be with you just remember I love you, actually I love you more than else. I’ll be there in you, in your thoughts, near by you in all the roads you walk. All I have to say is I love you…!!!”

She then closed her eyes forever giving rise to one loud cry bringing to this world one beautiful woman with whom she wished she’d be forever.

Why did she choose her girl to see the world when she had a choice of living?

Why she left the world with her life given to a new birth?

Its the girl now who has to face the world, as strong as her mother who had the courage to give her life to give a life.

She wanted her to face the world, the world she left to her all alone. A world filled with good and bad.

The baby’s cry was heard all over, it was her first cry, the first cry for the death of her mother.

–END–

—

