Rohan’s Puppy – A Universal Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Mumma, I am going to the morning walk”, Rohan Screamed while his mother was cooking in the kitchen.

His mother who was engrossed in her work replied casually, and he went away. It was bitter cold outside, though he had his cap and muffler with him, he couldn’t perceive much cold. He followed his daily routine when something different happened to him. There laid a small puppy on the either side of the road, just beside a canal who seemed shivering and trembling with the cold. He went towards him and noticed his eyes, experienced his pain and couldn’t refrain himself from picking it up on his hands, though it was voiceless, but expressed everything to the boy, without any language.

There was no other thought which stroke his mind and he decided to take that puppy with him to his home, then came a thought of his mother, who never liked the dogs and restricted whenever possible, but his compassionate feeling overcame all his fears and he went back to his home, holding a puppy in his hands. He headed on towards his home though he wanted not to go and thought if he could delay his arrival at his home, but no way possible…

After five minutes of thoughtful walk he reached his home, where was his mother, who was surely to be vexed with a puppy in his hand. He got inside his home and underwent what was anticipated, His mother asked furiously “What is it”, and continued number of questions consecutively when Rohan uttered a single sentence which made her mother believe ‘What Love is’, “Mumma, he needs us”.

And his mother remembered the words of her favourite teacher “Love is the feeling to help someone when he is in need, knowing the world would obstruct”.

His mother allowed that puppy to have with them. And from the day on he became a part of their family, he played with him, fed him and at last aged up with him, years went on and he grew up and his father decided to send him abroad for further studies. He went away as it was a obligation, but had a thought of the puppy who was now grown to a dog. But couldn’t stop himself.

Two years passed on but he could never return to his home due to excessive work load, and once got an order from the principal office that he was granted a fifty days leave, he felt delighted and started his packing for the next day journey. He was just 50 steps away from his home when he stopped in a grocery shop and purchased some cookies and continued his return. As he reached his home, he saw his parents rushing towards him, astonished to see him grown old, but his eyes were still seeking for something, and after a while when he couldn’t find anything he asked his mother about the puppy. His mother uttered three words that left him with the agony of breaking emotions. The words were “HE IS DEAD”.

–END–

