Ever since my Dad died, my life had changed. My Mom is always really busy at her work, and she doesn’t get to spend anytime with me anymore. I have to go to a daycare everyday after school while I wait for Mom’s work to be done and I can have dinner with her, and she has to work on Sunday.

One day, at dinner time, I asked Mom if we could go to the fair together., “Can we pleeeaaaaase go to the fair this Sunday?” I begged.

“Lilly, you know I have to work that day.” Mom told me.

“Yes, I know…. But we never get to spend time together anymore! Can’t you take Sunday Off ?” I asked.

Mom placed a plate in front of me and kissed my head. I smiled and licked my lips as she had given my a piece of cherry pie. Then I looked into my Mom’s brown eyes and asked one last time, “Can’t you take Sunday off?”

Mom raised one eyebrow and said,” We’ll see.”

“Yay!”

“I said, ‘We’ll see. “ Mom snapped.

“Okay.” I said with a grin, “We’ll see.”

It was Sunday morning, and I ran to see if Mom was awake. She was making pancakes and coffee in the kitchen with her work clothes on.

“Mom, why are you in your work clothes?” I asked

Mom bent down next to me and put her hand on my shoulder, “Sorry, Lilly! I have to go to work today.”

Tears streamed down my face as I yelled, “You never have time for me anymore!” And I ran into my room and slammed the door.

As I was crying on my bed I could hear Mom talk on the phone, “Hi, Charlie. I have work today and Lilly is in a bad mood. I was wondering if you could come over and watch her for a few hours?…. Great!…. Thanks so much! See you soon.”

A few hours later, Charlie came over and Mom left. I heard him knock on my bedroom door and say, “Lilly, your Mom made pancakes. Do want to come out and have some?”

“No!” I screamed.

“Aw, come on….. Your Mom told me why your upset.” Charlie muffled.

“….She did?”

“Yeah. And she left a note for you.”

“She did?” I jumped off my bed and opened the door. Charlie led me into the kitchen table where Mom left my a plate of pancakes and a note.

I grabbed the note and read it. It said that Mom was really sorry that she couldn’t take me to the fair and that she had plans for us tonight. I smiled at Charlie and told him what the note. Then I poured some maple syrup on my pancakes and gobbled them all up.

I waited for hours and hours for Mom to come home that day and finally I saw her park in the driveway. I ran outside and gave her a big hug. She swung me around and kissed me.

“What’s the plans?” I asked her.

Mom grinned. “You’ll see.”

Once we said goodbye to Charlie, Mom put me down on the couch, and said, “Wait here.” Then she went into the kitchen.

A few minutes later, she came back with two coconut smoothies. She gave one to me and slumped onto the couch. “Thanks, Mom!” I exclaimed as I sipped on my smoothie. Then I set my smoothie down and looked at her, “What’s the plans?” I asked again.

“I thought we should have a talk.” Mom replied.

“Talk?”

Mom sighed.”Yeah.”

“Oh,….. Talk about what?”

“You say we don’t spend enough time together.” Mom told me.

“Yeah, your always at work, and I’m tired of going to daycare everyday after school.” Then I looked down and muttered, “Sometimes I think you like work more than you like me.”

“No!” Mom gasped as she grabbed me and gave my such a tight hug it was hard for me to breath. “I Love you so much, Lilly! I go to work so much not because I like it, but because I make money that can pay for food and clothes. It was a lot easier when your Dad around, but now I have to work longer hours. But now I’ve decided to take weekends off, and tomorrow…. Guess what?”

I looked up at her,” What?

“Tomorrow I’m taking you to the fair.”

“Really?” I smiled.

“Really.” Mom nodded as she held my close and rocked me back and forth. Then she tapped me on my nose and said, ”I love you, Lilly.”

I laughed, “I Love you too, Mom….. And you are the best Mom ever!”

–END–

