Short Story of a Girl – Gods child

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It all started the day Shloka  was born some how life has not been easy for her from the beginning but being a fighter she always told herself it will get better some day. Shloka was the eldest  daughter followed by her brother and sister. Shloka was loved by everyone among her friends and family for her caring and kind nature. She was a dusky tall simple girl who anyone would want to take her home.  Like a typical middle class family they started searching groom for when she was done with her education.

The hitch was she was not sure of what she wanted in her life if she wanted to get married or she wanted something else out of life. She liked going out with her friends having a goodss time and coming back home. One day Shoklas mom called and told her to get her photo clicked because there is a proposal and the guys side wants to see her how she looks.

For Sholka and her friends were excited to get photos clicked with all the hair and make up done. U know the girls thing. All the friends laughing and trying to think who is the guy who wants to see Shlokas photo and god how does he look and what he does professionally.

Once the photo was sent sholkas family got a call from the boys side telling they liked the girl photo but they want to see her personally. Date was finalized for the boy and his family to come for lunch and also have chat with the girl.

The day finally arrived and shlokas mom had made sure that sholka looked her best that day. The moment the guy and his family walked in shloka  was confused because he was not the kinda of guy she wanted to marry but did she have a choice to give her opinion she was not sure of that. When she tried talking  that she needed time to decide, her family felt that the guy and his family came from a well to do background and the guy was very soft spoken with a good character and she should just say yes because she wont get anyone better then this.The wedding day was fixed and she just had few months to know him and he was a total stranger to him.

Fate had something else stored in for her, the place she was working she came across a guy who was charming and gave lot of attention and he just swift her off the floor. Before she realized what was happening with her she had fallen for this guy and she was madly in love with him. She started to panic because she knew that she is going to be married in sometime and here she has fallen for someone whom she does not know much about him and still she does not want to think straight.

Shloka dint dare to tell her family about all that was going inside her because she dint dare to. She knew what the consequence would be if her family gets an idea of what she has got herself into. Though this colleague of her by the way his name Karan knew Shloka was engaged to someone else it dint stop him from telling her nice things and also telling he loves her. There was something about this Karan that a girl like Shloka who would never think of doing anything against her family or hurting them was ready to do anything for this guy and she was ready to go any extreme. That’s what happened.

Shloka knew that by taking decision not to marry the guy her family has chosen she has to fight a battle. she knew that if she got married to the guy they choose she wont able to do justice for any of her relationship and she dint want to be in a relationship for the heck of it. For her marriage was like a fairy tale and its forever. But she dint know what her fate has in store for her.She had to make a decision.

Shlokas family reacted very badly for her decision to not to get married to this guy. There were  no room for discussion, i marry this guy whom i don’t love or go against the family. She knew if she did that there wont be looking back and her family will boycott her. She broke her engagement and her family wanted to disown her.

Shloka was very sad because suddenly she was all alone without her family and she missed them badly because  she loved them a lot but she had Karen with her. They loved each other a lot and they wanted to start their life from scratch. Shloka knew deep down time will heal everything and eventually everything will be fine. But was karan the right guy that only time would tell.

__END__

