Short Love Story – A Journey To The City

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was a young boy who lived in a village. He was the most intelligent in his village. Everyone thought that he would be a big man and bring honour to his village, but he was very naughty.

One day, some city officials visited the village and organized a innovation contest. All the kids participated except him. There was no winner. The city officials went back disappointed. As they were leaving he ran to them and gave them his idea. He was declared the winner. He won a scholarship to study in the city’s most prestigious school/college. The base theme was to build a vehicle to assist the elderly. His idea was to create a personalized car that would go anywhere with them.

When he started his scholarship he was the topper of his class. the teachers were amazed at his intelligence and his ability to complete sentences. He was awarded the medal of honour, the highest award the school could give. He passed out with flying colors and remembered his parents.

He went home and found that his parents were murdered on the mere fact that he won the scholarship. He vowed revenge against those who did this to them. The next day the same people came for him to warn him of his place. They were the goons of a local don. The don had a sister whom he knew very well and was his childhood friend.

He contacted her and asked her what this was about. She said that this was about the scholarship which she wanted but you won it. She said that she tried to convince her elder brother to stop the madness. But he didn’t listen. He said that he was going to kill her brother. She begged him not to do it and told him that she loved him. He replied that he would thereat him and won’t kill him.

He went to her brother’s place and fought him. Her brother lost and ran away for his life. The goons were scared of him and he was known as ‘The Helping Don’ as he helped those in need and developed his village using her money. He then professed his love and asked her hand in marriage. She said yes and they lived happily ever after.

__END__

