Family Story with Suspense – A Brutal Conspiracy

I was 11 years old at that time. Mom used to work at SBI, New Delhi .She received promotion and was transferred to Bangalore Branch. We were sitting in flight and just about to reach Bangalore . Mom was  recovering from her divorce that happened a few months back . Dad never looked after us . I hated him . Mom probably determined that I was thinking about Dad . She told me “Let’s forget about what happened in past and start a new life in Bangalore “. I smiled to show my agreement to her . She pulled me near her and kissed my forehead . Soon we reached Bangalore airport and picked our luggage .

As we were going towards a Taxi Stand , Mom took her Mirror from  her handbag and started tying her hairs .Suddenly a man pulled handbag from Mom’s hand and started running . It happened so sudden and was something that we didn’t expect at all. Mom shouted “Stop! Stop! Thief! Thief! Somebody catch him” .

He looked like a poor guy rather than a professional thief . As he was running and trying to escape, he saw Mom running behind him and shouting, He collided with a Lady as he didn’t watch her coming in front. Lady fell on ground along with  her bottle of soft drink she was drinking then . She got up and shouted ,”Heyyy”.When she heard Mom shouting “Thief” , she took that bottle of soft drink and threw it towards thief . The next moment I saw Thief fell on ground and was  touching his head with hands as it started bleeding . Soon the Airport Security Officials came . They apprehended the thief and handled handbag to Mom .

Mom thanked them and then turned towards that Lady to thank her . .As Mom approached her , Mom thanked her to get her handbag back and getting the thief nabbed . She introduced herself as 

 and also gave her Business  card to Mom . She worked as a Manager at a Hotel . Mom asked her to have a coffee on her behalf  as she thought it was her way to thank Sia . She initially tried to avoid the offer pointing to her work  but then accepted it . As we sat on an  Airport Restaurant , she started asking about me . She came to know about We being new to the city . We had a conversation of about 15 minutes and then she left and we moved towards Taxi Stand .

We took a Taxi to Anjana Nagar where Mom’s SBI Office was .She went in office and joined on the day itself . We were given Accommodation by Bank and we went to our new home . We took some time to settle and I got admission in my new school . It was 15-20 days since we saw her last .That day , Mom took me out for outing and We went to Dolphin Swimming Club . As we reached , We wore our swimsuits .  I jumped into the pool whereas Mom  decided to jump from Diving Platform . She climbed the stairs and was just ready to jump in. Suddenly she stepped back as she got afraid of  its height . She didn’t  thought it to be too high than it seemed from ground . She was thinking there whether to come back or jump in .

Suddenly , she heard the voice of Sia from behind “Hey! How are you lady?” .

She met Mom and asked why she was standing there and not jumping in . Mom initially tried to avoid the question but then she replied honestly that she was afraid of heights . Sia held her hand and asked Mom to close her eyes . Mom initially thought why but after more insistence from Sia , she closed her eyes . Sia then pulled her hand and jumped with her in the swimming pool . Mom shouted “Ohhhh! What?”. They reached safely in water and Sia started laughing at Mom’s face , the way Mom was shouting .

Mom realized it was all done to overcome her fear. She too smiled admiring her for this step . Sia told Mom “The Real Fear is always within , It doesn’t have any existence outside”.

Mom agreed and then told her to search for a coffee shop today also as she need to thank her today too . Sia and Mom shared many things and we went for a Dinner .

Sia started talking about herself . she informed us about her fiancée’s death due to car accident on the day of their marriage and then started asking Mom about her marriage . Mom told her equation with Dad and how the things resulted into Divorce Petition . It seemed both the ladies were sharing their pain and trying to forget their past by helping each other . Mom found a new friend in Sia . She was very happy about it . Sia in turn too befriended Mom and soon they became very close together . On many occasions , She used to come at our home and we too visited her often .She came to know How Mom loved Tennis and Cricket in her college days . She arranged tickets for the trio to see RCB  vs  KKR IPL encounter at Bangalore . We watched it and enjoyed at lot . She often used to accompany Mom in Shopping and even convinced Mom to continue her tennis practice in Health Club of her hotel .

Mom then started going every day in evening to play tennis with her after coming back from office .

Often they went to swim together and enjoyed each other’s company very well .

Soon they started seeking each other’s decisions in every matter .

Everything seemed to be fine with us and I was happy to see Mom elated with her . But the thing which was worrying me was that I could see something ominous in Sia’s eyes which Mom couldn’t see . I suspected she was always concealing something and trying to wear a mask . I felt something fishy behind her happy face. But since Mom was very happy about it, I thought that must be my misunderstanding.

Once, I saw Mom getting fainted while playing her tennis game .She lifted Mom in her hands and took her to the hospital .The Doctor informed us that she experienced a jerk in her shoulder while playing which aggravated her shoulder injury which happened years back when she fell from stairs. But she got well soon and this incident strengthened their friendship even more .

On one day, Sia advised Mom to get me admitted to a boarding school. I didn’t want that. But Mom didn’t pay much heed to her advice. Often I used to see her coming with new examples, new logics, data statistics to convince Mom how better it was if I was shifted to boarding school but one day Mom told her clearly that My Dad has already left us alone and if she shifts me to the boarding school, then I will be bereft of the love a child must receive from one’s parents .I saw her reaction at this , she became sad but then pretended to agree with Mom . I found her this reaction quite awkward as why she was so keen to shift me to boarding school.

 

One day Mom called Sia from her office and told her to arrange a tuition teacher for me . After 2-3 days , Sia came to our house and introduced Mom to Aakash as my new tuition teacher . Mom welcomed and greeted him . He told us that he will come daily at 8:15 p.m. to teach me at home . Mom was happy with the timings as by the time she too used to return from her Tennis Practice . From next day , Tuition classes started . Aakash  was an attractive man , he was about 6 ft tall and he had a  hero like physique . [But the hero’s physique I’m here talking about is certainly not of Rajkumar Rao].He used to come daily on time , teach me very well . Mom was quite happy with improvements in my academic performance . Sometimes he used to do dinner with us when it got too late . He worked as a full time teacher in the private school during daytime and used to take my tuition classes in evening .

Mom’s manager in the office Mr. R.P. Mishra was a very lascivious person . Many a times he used to call women employees to his office and used to pass lustful comments on them . Mom’s colleagues warned her to stay away from him . One day , he called mom in his office to submit a file . As Mom was showing him file , he was watching Mom with his lustful eyes and then started passing erotic comments on her but Mom warned him to better mind his language else she will complain it to higher authorities or will even go to police . He couldn’t digest Mom’s repulsive reaction.

After that incident , he used every chance to taunt Mom and sometimes humiliated her in front of complete staff for her irresponsibility. From then onwards, he regularly used to tease Mom and rejecting all her files of work . On one day , Mom was shopping in Market in the evening and he saw her . Mom didn’t see him. Mom was clad in a beautiful Blue saree with a sleeveless Blouse . He came from back  and touched Mom with his hands and then spoke lightly in her ears “Tu Office ke bahar bhi Sunny Leone se kam nahin dikhti” [You don’t look less than Sunny Leone even outside the office ].

It  was unbearable for Mom and she tried to slap him but he held Mom’s hand and slapped tightly her chin . Before Mom could do anything , Mom saw he being pushed to wall . And then a person throbbed his head in the Mirror of the try room at the shop . Mom couldn’t see his face as she was facing his back . Mishra’s head started bleeding .But that was not enough for him , she saw his face smashed against the furniture . He was wounded now and started warning “I’ll call the police .How dare you touch me?” .

The person turned , Mom saw her , he was none other than Aakash , He told Mishra “Call Police if you have guts to do so because you will soon see you behind the bars for eve teasing “.

Then he took Mom to Police station and They registered complaint. Mom told them everything how he used to taunt her at office for not being physical with him. Police officials investigated in the office and all women employees complained and Mishra was charged for Eve Teasing and Violence . He soon has to resign from the post and That day when Mom entered the office , Everyone greeted her , appreciated her for her courage and the way she taught a lesson to Mishra . Mom on reaching her office, called Aakash and thanked him for not only supporting her in such a serious matter but also getting Mishra punished relieving everyone at the office. Aakash happily replied that he couldn’t see any woman humiliated like this and it was his duty to teach Mishra the lesson .

After this incident , Mom started treating Aakash as Family Member  and he too  got mixed very well with me ,Mom and Sia .The next day was my birthday , We celebrated a lot . Mom , Sia, Aakash and my friends danced and enjoyed the party . Aakash then took my Guitar and sang a very melodious song showing the love of parents towards a child . That song was very emotional and heart touching that , I went to Mom and touched her feet in between the song . She embraced me and licked my forehead .

Aakash later explained he chose this song as Parents become the most elated on their child’s birthday and how much he missed his parental love as he was an  orphan . Everyone felt bad for him but admired his singing very well .

After this incident, one day it was around 8:00 p.m. in the evening and Mom had just returned from her tennis practice and she was taking  shower .

I was playing on street with my friends outside . Suddenly , Power Blackout occurred for a minute . I continued playing as I knew my tuitions will start on 8:15 when Aakash will arrive and it was the only time I could play . As Mom was still taking shower she heard some knock at the gate.

She tried to open the door of wash-room a bit to call me and to see who is at the door .She thought I was watching Television and didn’t know that I was playing on street .As she tried to open , a person  strongly pushed the door of wash room trying forcefully to enter inside , Mom applied her complete strength to close it but he pushed so hard pushing Mom towards the wall of wash room . Mom saw a goon type person dressed in Black Jacket and Black Pant With a Black Ghostly Mask on his face .Mom shouted at him to run away .Near our house , There was a “Mata Ka Jaagran” that night and it was just started then with huge sound of mike . Moreover there was a sound of Generators too running in the same house so probably no one could hear Mom shouting . Mom shouted “ Who are you ? How dare you enter here?”.

The goon then attacked mom with a knife , But Mom turned down and got success in preventing from the first blow . By this time , Mom was frightened a lot . She told him “Who are you ? Who has sent you here ? How much money do you want ?”.

But he again tried to attack Mom but Mom this time threw a bucket towards his face resulting in knife falling from his hand . Mom then pushed him to the wall but then he kicked her tammy badly . Mom screamed “Aahhh” and banged Mom’s head against the Mirror above Wash –basin . Mom’s face started bleeding .Then he gave a solid punch on Mom’s chin and tried to strangle her by holding her neck in his hands . Mom was trying to shout louder but no one could listen due to sounds from Jaagran . She then saw Shower Pump , pulled it outside and smashed it on his head . By this blow, He left the control over Mom’s neck and held her head trying to control the blood . Mom then used it again to smash his head . He fell down  and started screaming “aaaahhhh” .

Before he could got up  and rushed outside the wash room to call the police but she slipped and got unconscious falling in Drawing room .Aakash entered our house for tuitions and saw Mom lying unconscious in Drawing room . He tried to wake up Mom but soon his head was throbbed with a Lamp by Goon , he started screaming and rushed towards Goon .The goon jumped off the window , started his bike and then escaped .

I entered on hearing some sounds and saw a stream of blood which probably came from Goon’s head while he was escaping . Aakash then took Mom to the hospital . In the mean time when we were waiting outside while doctors were treating her . Mom was soon brought to senses and A Nurse then told her that Your Husband and son are constantly waiting for you outside .Mom then saw Aakash and me entering with a Bookey and soon Sia joined us too .Mom realized Nurse presumed Aakash to be her husband . We all asked her how she felt .

She replied that she felt much better then and thanked Aakash once again for saving her .Soon the police was called and they assured us to find Goon. After 2-3 days We were informed by the police that the man was none other than Mishra’s Henchman which he sent to avenge Mom . However that man was killed in police encounter and Mishra was arrested .

 

Mom now found a new friend in Aakash as he was very protective about her . Aakash then called  us and Sia to his Annual Function in his school where he was to receive the gallantry award for the Best Teacher from Deputy Commissioner . We accompanied him as his family . At this point Mom started liking Aakash . As we left the function for dinner , Sia took me to buy an ice cream since she realized Mom wanted to talk to Aakash in alone . Mom told her crying that she don’t know how will she be able to repay what he has done for her and me . Aakash then removed tears from her eyes and told her that tomorrow is his birthday . He has always been celebrating it alone but this time he want her alone to be with him the entire day . Mom agreed and decided to seek Sia’s help . Sia admired her decision and assured her that she will drop me school , then pick me up and will keep me at her home .

The next morning I saw Sia coming to pick me for school . At this time , I have forgotten what I used to feel for her in the beginning of her friendship with Mom . Aakash then came to pick up Mom , They went to Fun Park , danced together , and enjoyed a lot . For the first time , Mom was too happy after her marriage . They watched a movie , took dinner and made them eat it with each other’s hands .By this time , Aakash has already won Mom’s heart . It was around 9:00 p,m. , he took Mom to a dilapidated house away from the city . He told Mom that it was his orphanage where he has spent his most of life .They both then walked in the backyards of that house where there was a beautiful garden waiting for them which had all kind of flowers . The most beautiful flowers of all the colors .

He then told Mom that it was he who used to grow these flowers every day and water them regularly . He then told Mom , One day the head of his orphanage asked him , why he was so much attached with these flowers . Aakash replied ,”Most of the people when find their love , take their Beloved to meet their parents .But I don’t have my parents but I believe they are always watching me and I can see them smiling in these shining flowers and blessing me from here . The day I”ll find my Beloved , I will bring up here in front of these flowers” .

Before Mom could speak anything , He held Mom’s hand and jumped in to the lake with her .There he went near a flower and took some box from it . He then opened the Box and took out diamond ring inside it and inserted it in Mom’s finger .

They came outside the lake and before Mom could speak anything  , Aakash told her “ I love you so much and want you to become my wife. I know such decisions should not be taken in hurry , you think about it . I’ll meet you tomorrow at the time of tuitions and if you will wear the same ring , I’ll proud to be the happiest man in Universe and if not hen I will accept it as my fate and will continue to respect you as much as I did before it “.Then he dropped Mom home and left .

That night Mom couldn’t sleep . At some time , she felt happy to get someone who really loves her a lot but at other times , fear grabbed her as she was afraid it doesn’t turn out to be like her husband again since this time she won’t be able to bear that shock .

The next day was Sunday , She met Sia in the Swimming Club and told her about the entire matter .

Sia convinced Mom that she is too fortunate to get love back in her life and shouldn’t waste time in approving it . She went to explain which man you are going to find so nice in this world . Mom was satisfied with her advice but she wanted to rethink it as she didn’t know that whether Aakash will be able to accept me or not .And what my reaction would be when I’ll see Aakash as my new father .

That night when Aakash came to  our house and asked Mom on her status to his proposal . Mom replied that above a woman she is a mother now and as a mother , I am her first priority and she need to think how a second marriage is going to affect me ? Aakash on hearing this , went outside . There were tears in his eyes as he left the gate . Mom couldn’t understand his this reaction and turned towards him to call him. She called Aakash to stop .

There was raining very heavily that night . Aakash was moving very fast and Mom following her shouting “Stop Aakash !!! Stop” .Aakash turned back to see Mom approaching him . He then held Mom’s hand and asked her “ You answer me while looking into  my eyes . How could you think I will not love Arjun(me) ? I have loved your heart not only your body and everyone who stays in your heart. I promise I will never allow Arjun to be deprived of any kind of love due to me ” . This deeply touched Mom’s heart and she embraced Aakash . Aakash in turn kissed her and removed her tears .

Aakash then lifted Mom in his hands and started coming towards home . Mom was so elated and could see his true love in his eyes . They then came home and spent a Romantic night together . e Super-Hot splendid Red Bikini .

I was the happiest one at this time since Mom was very elated . She finally found Happiness in Aakash . They then contacted priest to select marriage date which came out to be 9

 of September , just about 2 weeks away . Priest informed it to Mom and she  started jumping in enthusiasm .She decided to break this news herself to Aakash  and went to his home .

 

As Mom went near Aakash’s house , she spotted Sia’s car inside it . Mom became baffled as why Sia would be visiting Aakash in her absence. Mom entered inside gate. She heard Sia’s voice and then she saw Sia and Aakash kissing each other for about a minute . Mom felt something didn’t seem good , she concealed herself and watched from window what was happening in her back . Mom heard Aakash saying her, “ Divya , I knew it your planning never fails . She has fallen in love for me and is even dreaming of her marriage . This is a grand success for us and we must celebrate .”

Divya or so-called Sia said, “No my loving husband , The enjoyment of Celebration will come only when we will succeed in what we planned.”

Aakash said ,”But what is left now . In maximum 9-10 months , We’ll be able to get our child and then we’ll flee away the same night .”

Divya said ,“Yes We’ll . But We have to wait till then .”

Aakash told Divya ,“I knew it, you are a renowned Genius . How you hatched this Conspiracy when you saw Ananya(Mom’s name) in Bangalore Flight . And then We bribed that poor boy to steal her handbag . You met her at the airport and then followed her to finalize Swimming Pool meeting . Then how you befriended her , won her trust while taking her to hospital , how she started believing you “ .

Divya said ,“But my great planning received a setback when she didn’t agree to shift her child to school . If that was done , Developing the Romance wouldn’t have taken so much time . But I didn’t lose my heart and when she called me to arrange a Tuition Teacher for her child , then I saw it as a perfect opportunity to  introduce you to her . Then I decided to change your name from Kamal to Aakash in front of her .

On one noon , I visited her office and I determined her equation with Mishra. Infact , I took a lift in Mishra’s car to drop me at that shop in Market where she was shopping. Poor Mishra ! I knew it when he will see Ananya (Mom’s name) , he will definitely create a mischief with her and then I sent you at the right time to have a heroic entry and beat that lecherous old man . Accompanying her to police station was a move to win her trust . I always knew you were a good singer and had no doubt that you will stole the show that day .

Then We waited for the right time . The “Maata Ka Jaagran” was a perfect opportunity for us to attack her and when you will take her to the hospital lifting like a heroine , she will definitely fall for you. Then We paid money to Goon to attack her and then made him blame Mishra when he’ll get caught and the best thing was he died in police encounter burying this secret “.

Kamal or so-called Aakash said ,“But that was never so-easy for us .I told Nurse that I am her husband due to which she informed Ananya that her husband and child are waiting outside . I have won her trust by this time and she even started liking me but it was still not appropriate time to propose her . “

Divya said, “I kept on asking her about how she felt about you but she never said anything . But I could detect from her blushing  when I  used to speak  your name that she likes you .Then , We bribed school authorities to give an extra award of Best Teacher at annual function . She was fool enough to accept that . Imagine if some teacher has to be given an award then there is Teacher’s day for that, then why will they give it on Annual Function .”

Kamal said, “Then I decided to bring the play of my Birthday Bash . After searching for a long time We found a place with such a beautiful garden and Lake . But Your direction for the proposal was brilliant that she has fallen in love for me after that .”

Divya said ,“ Later on in the morning I tried to convince her a lot but she was still thinking about her child but the real credit should be given to you who acted brilliantly on that night to make her believe you’ll love her child equally . And We must also thank rain how it turned into a Romantic night ”.

Kamal said , “But what is the future plan ? She has asked Priest to select the Wedding date Darling”.

Divya said , ” Don’t worry about that Baby . Keep on Romancing her , spending nights with her and postpone the wedding making any excuse”.

Kamal said , “You again proved how much you love me . Since I went into depression when Doctor told us that you are infertile since I really wanted my child  and you hatched this master plan to get us child . And now when Ananya will give birth to our child , We’ll just runaway and move to a far place where only you , me and our child will live“.

Divya said , “Absolutely right !!! That day we’ll actually succeed and then will come the right  time for celebrations .

On hearing this conversation Mom was deeply shocked . She became distraught as both her lover and her dearest friend cozened her and whatsoever happened in her life was their hatched conspiracy to get a child out of her . She couldn’t believe first but then realized the people for whom she was even ready to sacrifice her life haven’t revealed her even their real names. Although their masks fell down revealing their true faces but giving deeper  wounds in Mom’s heart . She went through Memory lane and realized how happy she was to get love back into her life and a new friend . She was hoodwinked again as she saw first her husband betraying and leaving her life in Damocles and now when she was able to trust someone so fondly, then she was deceived again . She wept heavily in shock and Then she heard,

Kamal said , ”What to do next?”

Divya answered that now Kamal should make an excuse to get himself shifted in Ananya’s house permanently . As Divya said this , Mom stepped inside and shouted “Your Game is over now . But you will be soon shifted to prison as I’m going to Police station give you a Pre-Wedding gift ”. Mom then left the house for Police station .

Divya and Kamal went in shock as their entire plan was exposed and now were completely on Backfoot . It was like as if lightning has fallen over them .Kamal told Divya that soon they must contact a good lawyer .

Divya said to him ,”Shut-Up!!!We can’t let her spoil all the hard work we have done till now . We must get a child out of her at every cost “.

Kamal asked “How?”.

Divya answered, “Wait and Watch” .

 

As Mom reached Police station and came out of car to step in . She was deeply in grief and shock but was determined to punish the culprits . As she was entering in , She got a phone call . She picked it up and said Hello . I on the other line replied “Mom please save me . Sia Aunty brought me here in this dark place . She even slapped me and is frightening me to kill me with her knife .” Mom couldn’ t speak at that time as it was something which she never expected . Mom then told me to give the phone to Sia .

Divya said to Mom , “Hi Baby !!! Your son is with me . Don’t be a smart woman to enter inside this building (Police Station) because if you did then I’m going to kill Arjun . Kamal is watching you . If you tried to make even a single smart move , I’m going to grudge this knife in Arjun’s neck .You know I have nothing to lose but you may end up losing Arjun .“

Mom then saw Kamal standing near her car . She then thought for a minute and then replied “What do you want ?”.

Divya said, “Now that’s a smart woman . Baby you can’t just walk wantonly out of our life . We have something to settle . Straight away go to your car and Kamal will bring you here  . In the mean time if you tried anything to spoil our plan , I promise you , you will never be able to find Arjun’s Dead Body .”

Mom told her “I’m coming”.

Mom then disconnected the phone and came to her car . Kamal then made her sit in the car and after travelling some distance . He asked Mom to sit in Back seat . Then he saw when no one was watching them , He pulled out a thick rope , forced Mom to hold her hands at her back and then  tied them . He even tied Mom’s legs and covered her mouth too with a cloth so that she doesn’t shout. Then he went to the driving seat and started driving . Since the car has Black glasses , no one in the road could see a woman tied on back seat . He then drove for about half an hour .

By the time , Mom was constantly trying to tell him to pull cloth out of her mouth as she was finding difficulty in breathing . He first ignored her feeble voices but then stopped car and removed her cloth . Mom started breathing heavily and he felt if this was not done then that could have resulted in serious impairment .He then made Mom drink water with his hands and then again started driving the car .

On the way , Mom told him why he pulled the cloth , he’d have left her die as he hasn’t left any effort in doing that . Kamal said to Mom ,”I pulled it to keep you alive . Now don’t chatter with me”.

Kamal then said , “Look I know what you think of me and Divya .But We were left with no choice . Divya was infertile and we had to choose someone . You just turn out to be the unfortunate one that got stuck in our web”.

Mom said ,”So are we the women are just the machines to give you child time to time . Do you have any idea the grave sin you have committed ? You played with emotions of a mother and manipulated her just to get a child . Moreover if you were so desperate to become a father why didn’t you adopt a child”

Kamal said ,”There was a problem with Divya not with my sperms and we thought the child we are taking care of should have my own blood and my own DNA”.

Mom answered , “Ohh!!! DNA!!! Do you have any idea how much pain a mother has to bear during child’s birth just for your DNA.  By doing this , even if you get the child out of me , Will he be able to accept that he is your DNA .An Illegitimate Child ! I don’t know where your real parents are and whether your orphan story is as empty as you but think if this would have happened with your mother . Would she be able to give birth to a child like you“.

Kamal said, “I didn’t say anything wrong about my parents . I am an orphan  .“

Mom said , “So being an orphan you know how much a child misses his parents . Think if you would have adopted an orphan child , can you imagine his happiness when he will find parental love from you . Moreover you said your parents are always watching you as flowers and all that Will they not repent after watching you committing such heinous crime”.

Kamal became a bit emotional at that point and shouted, “Look I don’t know about my parents or my child . What I know is that I must obey my wife’s order”.

Mom then stopped talking to him and suddenly he stopped the car on the corner . He came outside it and watched towards sky for about a minute . He then cried a bit and turned towards Mom . He opened the door and untied Mom and made her seat comfortably . Before Mom could understand anything ,He told her that “Arjun is fine .Don’t worry . You are going to get him safe soon”. Mom felt as if he had undergone  a heart melt .They reached an old farmhouse and gathered in a hall .I was locked in a dark room with my hands and legs tied  against a chair and even my mouth was covered .

Divya as she saw Mom coming out with Kamal became perplexed as why she wasn’t tied as per their plan . She chided Kamal , “What the hell is this? Why you have not tied her?”.

Kamal told her , “Look We need to talk . We are not going to get anything out of it . Let’s bring Arjun and send him with his mom”.

Divya replied ,” Have you totally lost it ?We have done so much hard work to get this plan reach success and have undertaken a huge risk to abduct someone and you are saying me to leave him”.

Kamal was trying his best to make her understand but she was not even listening to him.

Divya then replied angrily , “Certainly You have been brainwashed by this b**ch and I’m not going to leave her . We’ll find some other woman for our plan as I’m going to kill her”.

She then turned towards Mom with Dagger in her hand but Kamal interrupted her and in an attempt to snatch dagger out of her hand , it got grudged in Kamal’s stomach . He screamed , “Aaaahhhh”.A  steady blood stream started emanating from his stomach and Divya started shouting , “What happened Baby ?Nothing will happen to you “.

Mom told her to take him to the hospital and tell her where I was . But Kamal saw Mom as if he was asking for forgiveness in his last time and then died on the spot .Divya cried heavily and then she got up and lashed at Mom ,”It is due to you that I’m losing my Kamal today. I am not going to leave you.I am going to drink all your blood today“.

Mom tried to pacify her but she was  just getting ready to smother Mom as if some blood was driving her mind .

Mom was fighting for her survival as Divya blamed her for her husband’s death and was determined to kill Mom .

Both the women began to circle around each other and suddenly attacked each other with stretched hands . Soon they held each other’s neck in their hands and pushed each other .

They then tried to lock each other’s neck with their hands and Divya then while holding Mom’s neck started punching Mom’s face with other hand .

These continuous punches led Mom to leave her hand over Divya’s neck .Divya took an advantage for it and pushed Mom’s head against the window . Mom screamed but soon she got an iron rod near  the window . She picked it and smashed it on Divya’s head . Divya started bleeding and Mom kicked her tummy badly resulting in Divya  falling on the ground . Mom then jumped over Divya and punched her face 2-3 times while sitting on her tummy . But this was short-lived as Divya pulled her legs up and used her thighs  to gave mom a rollover where Divya sat on her breasts and squeezed Mom’s face with her thighs along with punching her . Mom screamed louder and louder in pain. But she was unable to do anything against her as this was very strong position for any fighter to dominate .

Divya sat in that position for about 3-4 minutes while giving continuous jerks on Mom’s breasts thus crushing them . Mom groaned in pain .At this stage Divya became slightly overconfident and started relaxing . She was indeed unaware of Mom’s power to fight back . Mom then used the entire force to tilt her body resulting in Divya getting lose the pressure she applied throw her thighs . Mom then kicked her chin badly .Before she could get up , Mom pulled her hair and then dragged her near a wall to bang her face against it .Divya screamed ,”Aaahhh! Leave me b**ch “.

Mom then held her neck and pulled it down to make Divya fell on ground . As Divya fell down , Mom kicked her abdomen heavily sounded like “Thuddd!Thuddd” . Divya screamed but she knew that Mom used to get exhausted very soon be it playing tennis or anything else . She waited for the right time to attack . Mom then tried to squeeze her neck while simultaneously trying to entrap her waist in Mom’s thighs .

But soon Divya recovered from it as she didn’t allow Mom to tighten control over her and soon tried the same to Mom .

First Mom tried to allow her neck to be freed from the control of Divya’s hands but then she followed an aggressive strategy .She made herself stand and pushed herself back against a wall so that Divya collides with wall . Divya didn’t expected it and as she collided against wall all of a sudden , she lost the control over Mom’s neck . Mom then took advantage of this situation and punched her tightly on her face  splattering her nose . Divya fell off , Mom then lifted her body above the ground and smashed her against ground .

Divya fell screaming ,”Aaahhh”. She didn’t expected this brutal fight with Mom . Mom was in all dominant position at that time but she didn’t want to kill her , she only wanted Divya tell her where I was .Mom then picked her by pulling her hair and asked Where I was . By this time , Divya has recovered. Although , she had got wounds on face , on tammy and on forehead with blood spilling out of them .While Mom was asking her about me , She remembered about Mom’s Shoulder surgery .

And then all of a sudden , she first kicked Mom’s abdomen . Mom was shocked by her this attitude that she still wants to fight which Mom thought was over . In no time she picked Mom by hair and suddenly jumped to use her elbow to punch badly  against Mom’s shoulder . Mom screamed “Aahhh!You bitch “. Before Mom could recover from this attack , she pulled Mom’s hand and stretched it and then kicked heavily on Mom’s shoulder . Mom was groaning in pain .She then throbbed Mom’s head against a mirror and then strangled her neck with one hand while continuously punching on Mom’s breasts for about a minute . Mom vomited blood and fell on ground . Divya then squeezed Mom’s  abdomen with her legs .

But this wasn’t enough for Mom as she has to face even more . Then she kicked Mom’s hips to turn her and then sat on Mom’s back for about 2 minutes . She kept on pressurizing Mom’s backbone and by giving small jumps over her , she tried to crush Mom’s nipples against ground . Mom groaned in excruciating pain .

But the worst was yet to come as she clawed Mom’s neck while sitting on her back and pulled Mom’s chin upwards giving too much unbearable pain to Mom .

Mom couldn’t even scream at this point as her jaw was clinched at this time , she could do only “uuuhh”

She has completely surrendered herself in the battle . Divya then pulled Mom by picking her hair , dragged her to window and then threw her out of window . The window was quite close to the ground and not very high . As Mom could get up , Divya jumped from the window over her and Kicked her abdomen . There was not much scope left for Mom as she was almost knocked out with blood stream emanating from almost all body parts . Divya then sat on Mom’s breasts and tried to strangle Mom .

Suddenly , Mom got a ray of hope in this lop-sided battle . While Divya was strangling her , Mom saw a wooden pole , quite heavier . She pulled it slowly without the notice of Divya and then smashed her head with it .This blow was quite dangerous as within a few seconds , Divya’s head started bleeding heavily . She tried to control her blood with hands . By this time , Mom got up and gave her another blow , that too at head itself .Divya just screamed loudest in pain . That was the loudest sound I have ever heard . But Mom was in no mood of Mercy then . She picked her head and smashed it against tree .By this time , Divya was losing consciousness , Mom then kicked her tummy . As she got up , Mom punched her badly , about 15-20 times in her abdomen thus giving enormous pains to her lungs . That was the strength of those punches .

By this time , after a hard struggle , I could get myself free from the ropes tying me . I tried everything from finger nails to teeth , was hurt a bit . But by this time , I was successful in making myself free . But the door of my room was still locked from outside .

Mom then made Divya lie on her knee and kicked her chin . Mom then asked her , “I’m asking for the last time . Where is my son?”. Divya then pointed towards the room in which I was locked . Mom rushed towards it , she was deeply wounded but became very elated to get my room then .

As she was moving towards the room , she saw a lock on the room . She asked from outside ,”Arjun , Are you inside?”.

I was deeply ecstatic to hear the voice of my Mom . I replied to my loudest , “Yes, I’m here”. Then she tried to search something to break the lock . She found a brick and used it to break the lock . While she was trying to break it , she screamed “Aaaahhhh!!!Ohhhhh” as she was beaten from the same wooden pole in her head by Divya . Mom turned and Divya again used it to smash on Mom’s face . Mom fell down shouting in pain .Divya then jumped over Mom , sat on her abdomen and used the wooden pole to strangle Mom to death . She applied her entire force to strangle Mom’s neck with it and continued for about 4-5 minutes till Mom vomited blood badly and went unconscious . She then dragged Mom to outside as if she was taking her somewhere . I could hear Mom’s screaming and groaning in pain . Tears rolled down my eyes . I thought Mom had left me .

Then I saw a closed window in the room . It was quite higher from the ground . I broke the window using the chair on which I was tied and used the same chair to climb to window and jumped out of it . I fell on ground but felt relaxed to come outside the dark room after almost 3 hours . I thought to run away but then I decided to see what that bitch has done to Mom before it gets too late . I saw , she was dragging Mom and there was a railway track nearby . She reached their and then tied Mom’s hands and legs with a cloth found nearby on Railway line to get her crushed by train . Mom was unconscious but she has still some life left .

As she tied Mom , Divya then turned towards my room to get me too killed in the same manner . As she turned towards the room , I rushed to railway tracks to untie Mom and to prevent her . As I was approaching the track , I heard the voice of train coming on the same track . My blood almost stopped flowing as I got so much afraid . But then , I mustered all my courage to untie the  cloth and soon the train was approaching nearer and nearer , I was weeping and trying my best to untie all of them .

I was successful in getting her hands freed . I rushed towards her leg and used my teeth to tear the cloth . Soon , I could see the train coming to us . I was deeply frightened but then tried my best to open the cloth and freed her leg . Again the train was just about 750 meters from us and I struggled to untie the cloth that tied her second leg on track and within a gap of just few seconds , I untied her leg and pulled her body off the track . If even train was late by 10 seconds, we both would have been crushed under it .I looked in the sky to thank god and then looked at Mom . Her body was full of wounds and Blood ejecting from almost every part . I could feel her predicament , I tried to shake her head so that she get conscious . But then I realized , I must use water to sprinkle on her face to bring her to senses .

Fortunately , I saw a water tap on the other side of Railway track ,I pulled Mom towards it . As we reached there , I collected some water in my hands and sprinkled it on Mom’s face . That water tap was very loose with its iron rod was almost out of the wall . Before I could see Mom regaining her consciousness , My head was smashed against the same wall . It was Divya who came there to finish her unfulfilled task .She held my neck against the wall and was trying to strangle myself . I found my death in front of me as I couldn’t breathe and was just screaming “Aaahhh!!!Uhhhh”.

I was weeping badly and was just going fainter. Suddenly , I fell down as she left control over my neck as I found her trying to scream but couldn’t as the tap with iron rod having sharp end went through her stomach . She turned to see it was Mom . She screamed heavily and this blow was so powerful that she passed away immediately . I rushed towards Mom and she embraced me for a few minutes as if we were thanking each other and trying to believe that we still survived after such a hard battle . Soon We got Medical Help and informed everything to Police . Police in their investigation found all the proofs and declared that Kamal and Divya paid for their own sins and wished us to have a safe and happy imminent life . It  was their own 

A Brutal Conspiracy” which dragged them to Death .

__END__

