Family Story – Celebrating halloween

Today when I wake up and get out of my bed slowly I almost forget that today is Tuesday the thirty first of October. The day of Halloween that has always been celebrated even way before I was born. I was feeling absolutely thrilled that the October half term holiday finally arrived at college.

Especially being that my business and administration teacher called Miss Jones; set the whole class some revision questions for us to answer as we finished one whole unit in the business studies course. However only being Tuesday it still meant I had almost one week left to do our set homework. Our set exam was going to be in one weeks time. I was currently feeling slightly nervous with the coming business exam, but then I told myself that no one likes taking exams. And when the time comes for the exam it will not seem as bad as I first thought. Hopefully, with my fingers crossed. Business studies was one of my strong strength topics literally. I always knew I wanted to take the business and administration one year course when I went to college. It was all planned out years ago. I was going to run a business when I got older. I have always loved that idea.

Later on this afternoon I had arranged with both of my parents for one of my best friends called Katie, from the same college class as me. To come over to my own house at around three o clock. Which suited her perfectly fine as her mother was going to give her a lift to my house.

So I stopped daydreaming to myself and went to the bathroom to get washed and changed into my black and orange matching jumper and jeans. I knew that black and orange colours were well suited today for Halloween. At around ten o clock both me and my mother  decided to do some food shopping in our local Tesco supermarket just down the road from us. We were out for a little longer than we intended as the traffic queue was fairly long on our way back from the Tesco supermarket. We ended up buying one large bag of maltesers which me and Katie were going to share between us, one generous sized bag of cream cheese and chive crisps and one container of Cadburys own hot chocolate. And another one of our favourites of pink and white marshmallows. And my mum also bought two medium sized  pumpkin ornaments to decorate our living room and bring on the Halloween festive mood in the family.

When we got back home from the Tesco supermarket my mum rushed around the house dusting and cleaning the kitchen work surfaces with  Dettol antibacterial spray. She was always a very clean and house proud type of individual. After I had my lunch consisting of one salad sandwich and one full glass of blackberry and raspberry juice I went upstairs to my own bedroom. Then did a little amount of studying my business notes.

At exactly three o clock my friend Katie came over to my house and was really pleased to see both me and my parents. We then first sat in our living room and my friend Katie asked whether we could watch our favourite horror type film a of Supernatural. Which we did for a good couple of hours and enjoyed watching the film. At around five o clock in the afternoon my mother bought us a special prawn cocktail curry and fried brown rice to eat for our tea. Which we all ate with great appetite. Much later in the evening we all ate plenty of crisps, maltesers and my absolute favourite pink and white soft marshmallows. Until we were so full with food.

At around six o clock Katie’s mother came to collect Katie on her way back from work and thanked my mother for having her over that evening. It was one of the most memorable Halloween days so far.

__END__

