The people who get to know us best are our parents. They have the greatest influence in our lives because they are the people we see the most and have known for the longest. They sacrifice many luxuries to give their children the best life possible. My father has had a huge impact on my life, and it is because of him that I am the person I am today.

Most people say I am a lot like my dad, both physically and mentally. We both have the same mannerisms, facial expressions, thought processes, and an incredible amount of energy. We love to learn, travel, eat exotic and luxurious food, and spend time with family. From observing my dad’s behavior and listening to his lectures, I’ve noticed that he has influenced my life, my choices, and my personality.

My dad is short, white, and the sweetest man on earth. He is responsible, kind, happy, and, most of all, he doesn’t give up. He likes to help others when they have problems because he doesn’t want others to go through what he did when he once needed help, and no one was there for him.

My dad was born in Hubli, Karnataka, to a well-off family. He never had any discomfort or traumatizing experiences in his childhood. It was a rude awakening for him when he started to have money struggles, and all the comfort he had as a child quickly vanished.

Soon his life became full of worries about paying the bills and putting food on the table, but he never lost hope and kept working hard to improve his family’s quality of life. When I came along, he decided that it would be best to move to the Bangalore and start a business.

We moved to Hospet, and he started working in Bangalore. It was a huge struggle getting used to this new life, but eventually, we all adjusted. Finally, after about six years of effort, my dad started to do fairly well.

Even though my dad was far away, I would pretend that he was still with me. He would call me every day, and as I talked to him, I would close my eyes and remember how he would hug me when he would get home from work. I could still smell his scent wrapped around me, but I ached to be with him again and play together like we used to every day when I would get home from school.

I haven’t lived with my parents for six years of my life, but I know they will always be there when I need them. Life without them was hard, but even though life has put me and my family through hard times, we never stopped being a family.

My dad’s ability to improve his family’s life has inspired me to always try my hardest to get the best out of life. I believe that if my dad was able to achieve such a comfortable life with very little to start out with, I should be able to do the same because of all the advantages I have compared to what he had at my age. I feel that if I do not take advantage of everything he has provided for me, I am being lazy and a disappointment to him.

Another way I’m like my dad is, no matter what problems life throws our way, we don’t let anything bring us down. My dad’s story makes me realize that there are no excuses for me to not reach my goals, and because of him, I am a very determined person. I never give up, even if I feel my adversities can sometimes be overwhelming. My dream of becoming a successful, independent woman will become a reality if I constantly work and fight for it.

Today, my dad is doing very well, and my family lives quite comfortably. He was able to lift our family off the ground because of his perseverance and strength. He is my hero, the man who would never break my heart, and I love him and the family God gave me. I thank Him every day for that.

–END–

