Short Story Family – The Award

Photo credit: 

 from 

The Award goes to Jason Bruns……………

Claps are being heard all across the hall , jason could see the people in the audience smiling, clapping, he was infact Living a Dream as he walked to accept his award for the best and popular detective in the police force. He had edged two of his coworkers ..

He had been waiting for this moment for sometime. There were several reasons, he wanted to take the opportunity to clear his mother’s name , clear questions on his father’s suicide.. two birds with one shot..

With these thoughts, he went to the stage, heart pumping, hands shaking as he accepted the award. He then softly requested the chief for 10 minutes to speak .

The smile and nod from chief ensured he could talk. Talk to hundreds of his coworkers , new recruits, his seniors , and more importantly to the mother who was sitting in the audience..

Dialogue Start:

Respected Cheif, Respected Seniors, My Dear Friends . Today i come in front of you for not only expressing my gratitude , my humbleness at this coveted award, but to also tell you a story..

As Cops we need to understand two basic points in our careers, one you never choose victims. Two , you never choose the perpetrators. Humanity is race which will never go ahead. For every step we take forward collectively, we end up taking a giant leap backward. The roots of evil are so far entrenched in our souls that even god cannot remove them. Trust no one including yourself.

If you do trust, then you will only hold on to the past and nothing else. Today , i also take this opportunity to tell a Story of a police officer, who was a good man, good father , but a bad husband. Years of verbal abuse, controlling his wife who he called the love of his life, were taking a toll on his wife..

One day she decided to leave him.. walk away, took her two teen sons with her..

The police officer was distraught , was heartbroken.. he was depressed, sad, angry .. he tried to cajole his wife, get her to come back, but neither her nor his boys would budge…

His colleagues at work began to notice the toll of a failed marriage on him, what they did not notice though was his true face behind the sorry face mask he had wore..the heartbroken husband decided to take action.

On a cold day, he walked to his wife’s new apartment.

Ding Dong, ding dong….

His wife opened the door, her sons behind in tow, as they saw their father for the last time..

“Hey Kids, Hey Wifey” .. aaahahhha , do not close the door .. today i have decided to end it all.. i am going to punish you guys for your behavior, this will be the last thing you guys will see, my dear wifey after this i assure you, you will never marry again or fall in love again..

Saying those words, he pulled out his revolver and shot himself in the head!!

Brain matter flew on the wife’s face, she vomited and started to cry aloud. The teenage sons shocked started crying. The younger son suddenly lost his voice as he went in deep shock !!

The cop received a hero’s funeral . Society blamed his wife , who could not move away.. she found it difficult to go ahead , she remained troubled, dependent on medicines throughout her life. Neighbors refused to talk to the three … Soon the sons joined the police force, there was always a certain sympathy shown by their superiors, some extra unwanted attention….

Today as Jason Continued,” i am going to finish this unwanted attention !! Today I want my mother to be absolved of all the blame she has suffered in her life.. today, i want to be known only by my name, today i want my brother to be known only by his name, today we want both of us to be known by our mother’s name. Our father the cop who killed himself was just a BAD DREAM for us…

The crowd was stunned by the revelation, the silence was broken by Jason’s brother Nicholas claps..

__END__

