I am on the gleaming red train, going back to my beloved village of LULA after ten long years of studies. It was time for the “Reunion”.

I was one of the few youngsters given the permission of the wise Elder to go outside LULA to study the outer world. I lean out of the slowing train to see a vast land of vegetation with a small concreted- block standing against a rusty, old iron rod reading in minuscule but bold letters “Welcome to LULA”. Reading the name of my home, send sudden shock waves down my spine and a glow of happiness lights up my once-dull face.

The loud, deafening screech of the shiny, silver whistle whichmakes the passengers’ hands swiftly move over their ears signalled the train was coming to a halt. I quickly grab my possessions, a white leather backpack with books and another hand luggage with my clothes and run down the train into the welcoming forest.

A swift gust of the gentle, sweet-smelling breeze hits my face, fanning my hair up straight; the glitter and glimmer of the early dew-drops on the leaves flash rainbows as sunlight reflects off them; eccentric blue-breasted female birds with yellow tails show off their delicate yet charming voice to the males. I remove and fling my shoes into the air and feel the super-soft carpeted floor of green moss. The steady silence of the wood is disturbed by the strong gush of a waterfall. I hurry towards it. A majestic mountain stands strong and bold in the middle of a huge, glass-surfaced turquoise lake, pumping out silvery white water.

I plunge my hands into the chilly water and splash my face with it, the sudden iciness takes my breath away, making me gasp. But despite the morning coldness, the water tastes sugary-sweet and feels like silky, honey down my throat. I feel like a new life took over me, taking away all my sorrows and replacing it with happiness. Extreme happiness. Old memories, I treasured, flood back into my mind, filling the pot-holes of failure and loneliness with complete joy. I hurriedly wash my face again and walk swiftly into the heart of my village; the heart of me.

“It’s her! She’s back at last. Mom, dad everyone, Sara is finally back,” a young boy of fifteen, cries out into the village. He is wearing a black, dusty jean and a creamy shirt half tucked inside and the rest outside. He is a shade of a beautiful golden-brown, with a mop of curly hair hanging over his face, his shoulder, coloured just like the waterfall I earlier splashed in. He seems familiar, looks maybe a little like me. He stares at me with an emotion I don’t remember anyone showing me .Love, pure love. I feel a sudden urge of affection towards him, maybe I love him too. Yes, I definitely do now. It’s him. Henn.

I race across the wide, barren opening to my brother and two others behind him, whom I know very well. A young, tired-looking lady with golden hair, in a long gown, dyed pink and a middle-aged, happy-looking man in a green overall and jumpsuit. MUM and DAD.

“Sara, oh honey! You’re back, everyone started saying that you were devoured by the beastly, red monster you left in”, Mom says pulling me into a very familiar and comfy bear hug. Laughter spurts out of me, as I think how much mom needs to learn. No! What everyone needs to learn. Henn and dad join in and in a matter of seconds I’m covered in a puddle of kisses and hugs. People start gathering around, it is embarrassing but that is definitely alright!

I look around trying to find one more person, the person who gave me the biggest opportunity of my life. The Elder. Out of nowhere, an old and wrinkled man, dressed in dyed robes comes forward to me. Places his hands on my head.

“May God bless you, child, I can see you’ve learnt a lot; lot more than so many more others before you.” I blink a few times trying to recognise who he is and I realise it is the same person I’ve been searching for the past time.My grandpa, also known as, the wise Elder.I guess people always keep changing over time.

I sit by a small stream with different colored flowers on my lap thinking how much happier I feel, as the villagers get ready for a feisty feast in my name. Orange, gold and red fire lights up, just like the glorious sun setting, painting the sky in streaks of pink, purple, blue and gold. This was probably one of the best reunion I’ve ever had in my life.

–END–

