Sanya rushed towards the shed by the roadside, it wasn’t raining but her legs just gave up after two hours of walk. The roadside was filled with puddles may be it rained sometime earlier. Her sandals were filled with water and mud but she just stood there right in middle of a puddle. She could have stopped, could have leaned on her father’s shoulder but realizing that he would still hold her and wipe her tears made her walk more faster.

She wouldn’t do that to him not after what she made him go through. The endless fights, her’s for freedom, his for understanding. She thought it was what she was meant to do be a butterfly and fly out of the cocoon, she couldn’t take another moment of being a Caterpillar. He was so handsome and irresistible then like a flower to butterfly; she just didn’t know their relationship will dry up in such short time like any flower. They stretched their bonds too thin untill all of them broke and they fought so hard untill they couldn’t remember the dreams they agreed on.

No matter how fast she walked she couldn’t get away from the papers she signed or from the moment she realized he couldn’t even look at her now. That’s how insignificant she had become to him.

Something in puddle made a noise making her jump back and almost fall over instead her sandal strap just gave up spraining her ankle. She looked down to find a frog in middle of puddle; an ugliest one at that. It kept making ugly sounds at her feet and glaring at them and now she realized she would rather look at it than her husband;  no its her ex husband.

A small smile spread on her perfectly shaped thin lips she suddenly wanted to thank the frog but she resisted her slight madness and sat down on damp stairs in the shed without any care for light pink silk sari she chose for today’s occasion. She wiped her face and opened the white purse he got her on their second anniversary, she moved her finger on its zipper but no longer found the comfort in it. The first thing there was copy of divorce paper she signed two hours ago. They looked like end of her small world then now they just made her realize how small her world was.

 She got her phone out dialed her father’s number. He picked it up on first ring, now she felt like such a brat for running away.

“Where are you sanya? Are you ok? Tell me where, i will come and get you!”

 “Papa, i need to ask you something.”

 “Anything dear!” he replied desperately.

 “Can i still have the job you offered two years ago?” She asked while first tears since her divorce slid down.

 There was a brief silence on other side and her heart almost gave up again.

 “Of course!” he said with such surety!

 “Can you loan me some money too, i want to complete my major.” She asked with a sob..

 “Where are you? I am coming to get you!” He said with his voice breaking in the end.

–END–

