Family Short Story – Just a Piece of Cake!

Family Short Story – Just a Piece of Cake!

Ram collapsed on the velvety cushion of the couch made of teak wood, which graced the big living hall of his home. The fan above was whirling in full speed. It was cold, as the air conditioner has kept the room chilled. But still, Ram was profusely sweating and panting. He knew for sure that his blood pressure has sky-rocketed. He neither did any heavy work, nor was he scared. Then why?

He was outraged, completely under the influence of the rage god, whoever it may be. He shouted many things, which he didn’t even plan and yelled with his full strength. And to whom?

To his age-old father, who has been bed-ridden for the past five-months, who has started showing symptoms of dementia or Alzheimer’s or whatever it was. And why?

The man has asked Ram for a piece of cake!!!

Ram, the bank manager, had reached the home that day at 7pm. His wife Suma and his five year old son have gone to her family to see her sister’s new born daughter.Suma had mentioned about the trip many times before, so that he could take leave in the afternoon and reach the home at 3pm, hence she could leave early and return early.  She planned it like that to prevent their old father being alone in their house.

The old one could get up with help, but was not normal; at times, he behaved almost like a kid. Ram had thought several times that only Suma could deal with his father’s silly ways, as he himself didn’t have that much patience. The old man, during his healthy days, had loved Suma as his own daughter, seeing her in the place of his daughter who had died soon after birth.

Suma waited and Ram didn’t turn up till 4.45pm. He pictured the new chairman as the villain and his meeting as the cause for his delay. She left as soon as he had come, so that they needn’t lock the house with the old man in it. She gave all instructions as how to give his father food, in which plate and what amount and how to clean him, she being the expert in that. She would be back very late that night.

Ram had always seen Suma with great respect for her attitude and sacrifice. Suma used to be a teacher and she had taken leave for looking after her aged father-in-law, at her own will. When Ram, the son, thought about a home nurse or care taker, she was the one who had scolded him telling that taking care of aged parents was children’s duty and NOT the duty of home nurse or caretaker. Ram had always believed that he would never find another lady in today’s society with such a great mentality. He always had felt blessed to have her in his life, as his love, his guide and his support! But when he had shouted, she was away.

Suma’s sister had delivered a baby girl about three weeks back, but she couldn’t visit her so far. Suma who had longed for a daughter, was too eager to meet the new baby girl in her family. And Ram also thought she deserved at least that very short break.

Ram after having bath and giving medicines to his father at 6pm started checking his office files sitting in his living hall. He heard a groaning from his father’s room and ran to check.

Seeing him, his father smiled and asked, “I want a piece of cake!”

Hearing this strange need of his father, Ram remembered that Suma hadn’t mentioned anything about the cake. But he searched everywhere in the kitchen, throwing off all the order and leaving the kitchen like a ground after festival. Tins, bottles and everything else scattered all around. He was muttering to himself as he had to come leaving his office work aside. And to add, he found no cake in the house!

“Father, there is no cake here. When Suma comes she will make one for you. Or I will buy you from outside tomorrow!” Told the busy son.

The man remained silent as if he understood what his son has told. And Ram went back to his work.

But, after some time, his father made the same moaning for the cake, in a high voice, and repeated it every ten minutes like an alarm. For the first few times, Ram also repeated the same reply, in the same way as he did first.

As his father started making loud noises asking a piece of cake, Ram became worried thinking that his neighbours in the next flats would come to enquire.

He knew Suma used to make cakes using their microwave oven. But he, who used to go to the kitchen only to take eatables, neither knew the recipe of the simplest cake nor the handling of a microwave oven. But he decided to give a try, calling Suma and asking the recipe. He could hear his father crying again for cake.

Sometimes he couldn’t believe that it was his father. His father who had been a teacher was a very  disciplined man, who used to be a serious reader sitting in that reclining chair in his room, till some five months back. And the transition from that state to this child-like state had been too sudden to grasp. The doctors didn’t have much to do. Old age rules!

He called Suma and asked for the simplest cake recipe, how to make it and where located the ingredients. He forgot that he has already misplaced and cluttered everything in the kitchen.

“Ram, I can tell you the recipe and the location of things. But did you forget that our microwave oven is no more working? I told you at least five or six times about it, don’t you remember? Every time you said you would get it repaired; now it has been a month and nothing happened. I remember your reply when I told you about it the last time, just before your last conference. You shouted at me asking whether we were having cakes three times a day! Forgot?”

“Suma, I am sorry. I was mad at that time, and you know that!”

“It is okay, I can understand. But what I didn’t understand is this –  why are you asking about this now? That too when I left????”

“Suma, father has been bawling and asking for a cake for the past one hour. Every time I tell him there is no cake, I think he understands me. But no! But, after some time, his father made the same moaning for the cake, in a high voice, and repeated it every ten minutes like an alarm. For the first few times, Ram also repeated the same reply, in the same way as he did first.. I am sure everyone in this block might have heard this! It is already 8.30pm. The shops near us would be closed. And, going out to get means, I should lock him and go. I don’t want to do that! The only option is making one! I think it is easy and quick, isn’t it?”

“It is easy and quick if our microwave oven worked. But why can’t you understand what I am saying?”

“Look Suma, I am already out of my mind. I have a hundred things to check and verify for tomorrow. Don’t make me angry further!”

“Please don’t be angry at him, as you behave to me. He is not a normal person. Don’t forget that. He is your father!”

“Suma, I am not in a mood to hear your counselling. Tomorrow I have a meeting and I am amidst those works. I can’t simply sit here listening to his yelling. You tell me how to make it!”

“Ram, but our oven isn’t……”

“Can you tell me or not?” Ram cut in.

“Okay, I can”.

Suma told the simplest cake recipe and he jotted it down as well as the location of the things, which was of no use actually. Mainly because the microwave oven was not working! And, he has already made the whole kitchen a mess. The condition being that he himself didn’t know why he was advancing with the cake making project. He had gone crazy!

One hour passed. He managed to get everything needed for the cake.

Ram blended the ingredients and beat the mixture as told by Suma. Then he poured the contents into the bowl, specified by Suma, put it inside the oven and waited for some miracle to happen. And, nothing happened!

Then he remembered he hadn’t saved the work done so far and the charge in his laptop was depleting. He ran to the living hall. His heart broke when he saw the laptop dead with his unsaved documents. He couldn’t control himself. He ran back to the kitchen and pressed everything he saw on the microwave oven as if it would come back to life, like a child who would  become obedient soon after getting a beating. Ram went wild with fuming anger and pulled all the coloured wires on the microwave oven, until he saw spark and fumes.

Ram knew he did more harm to the already faulty oven. With that thought, he opened the door of the oven and threw away the contents of the bowl into the sink. All his efforts were in vain. Then he heard his father’s cry again.

He went into his room and yelled at a voice ten times his father’s. He said many things, including the sacrifices he had done for his father and many more, which a good son wouldn’t have ever told a father.

It lasted for about ten minutes till he didn’t get a gasp of air to breathe to utter the next word. He saw his father’s eyes were flowing. Knowingly or unknowingly, he didn’t know. He rushed out of his father’s room, took the whole jug of water from the kitchen and drank it.Then he fell down on the couch in the living room.

When his heartbeat was somewhat normal, he looked at the photo hung on the wall in his opposite side. A pair photo of his father and mother! His mother had passed away ten years back.

Hours passed. He felt bad for his behaviour. Since his mother’s departure, his already reserved father had become more silent. But when Suma came he started talking and smiling again. He used to tell that Suma was his daughter. He was in his world of books and never bothered Ram in anyway. He played with Ram’s son, which Ram couldn’t do himself. 

giving up many pleasures , to give Ram the best of everything!

But what did Ram give in return to his father in his second childhood?

A lot of shouting, cursing and terror!

His mind overflew with remorse. He cursed himself for those moments of anger, those hurting words; his conscience called him selfish and rude.

Guilt trashed him.He went to his father to beg pardon, though Ram knew his father was unable to follow what he was going to tell. Ram held his father legs and begged to forgive him.

He thought he was touching something taken from the refrigerator. So cold limbs!

He went and checked his breathing and his wrist. There was nothing!

He ran to Dr. Sharma in the next flat.

The doctor confirmed death.

Ram stood there chilled.

His mind asked him “What sort of a man are you? Such a thankless son!”

Ram couldn’t do anything. He had never spoken sweetly to his old father since past few months. There were days when he hadn’t entered his father’s room because of his office works. He didn’t try to understand his old father’s feelings, his state and his unsaid agonies, though his wife could. He didn’t support him in the way a son should. He didn’t repay at least a bit of what his father had done for him all through his life!

Ram had high education and good occupation. He was respected in the society. And still, he couldn’t fulfil his ill father’s last wish, which was just a piece of cake! He could have done at least that if he had paid attention to his wife’s repeated words. But he was busy, too busy to pay attention to the little things of life.

He knew, the pain would haunt him for the rest of his life, whenever he sees his father’s empty chair.

Ram couldn’t resist the pangs of his conscience.

And he cried……cried like a child!

__END__

