[Inner Silence – Family Short Story]

Inner Silence – Family Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

5 O’ clock in the morning and phone was ringing. “Amit Please pick up the phone, its ringing from last 5 minutes” a sleepy voice came from the bedroom, its voice of Rohini, Amit’s wife.

“Amit please pick it up, its disturbing Vikaas’s sleep, he just slept 2 O’clock in the morning ” and in the meanwhile phone stopped ringing.

Rohini and Amit had a 14 years old son Vikaas. He is in 10 th standard and preparing for his Board Exams which are after 2 months.

Again after 10 minutes phone again ranged and Amit picked up the Phone.

“Yes Amit speaking who is this” and after listening to the other side, phone dropped from the Amit’s hand.

“What is wrong Amit, who was on the call, say something Amit”

Rohini asked him, but he didn’t answered a single question and  just ran to the other bedroom, and after reaching there he remained quiet and his wife Rohini was also standing there behind him.

He shouted “Where is Vikaas, Rohini just tell me where he is?”

Rohini- “He was right here in his bedroom and I saw him at 3 O’clock on his bed, he was sleeping”.

“Then where is he now?” Amit shouted.

“Calm down Amit, I think he must be in the bathroom, let me check it out”.

She searched him in the entire house but he was not there.

Amit- “now tell me where is he?”

“I dont know, lets go to the police station, I am really afraid Amit, he must be in some danger” she replied.

Amit -“There is no need to call to the police”.

“But why?” she said surprisingly ,”Why are you saying this?”.

Amit- “Because that call came from the police station itself”.

“What? Police  called you, but what they said to you? After listening to them you came running to Vikaas’s room, please for god sake tell me what is the matter? you are scaring me Amit”

Rohini was scared that what Amit is hidding from her and where was her son Vikaas.

“Rohini please listen to me, police called me to said that our Vikaas is with them”.

“What? what is he doing there? I myself saw him sleeping in his bed, then how is it possible that he is there with them”.

“That even I dont know ,they just told me to come to the police station, and they just cut the phone” Amit Replied.

“How many times I told you not to let him play outside with those spoiled kids, one day he is also going to be one of them if we didn’t stop him, and results are in front of us ” Amit said it angrily.

Amit always behaved as a strict father and always remained harder on Vikaas so that he didn’t get spolied.

“Now there is no need to think all these things rohini, lets get ready we are going to the police station”.

After 3 hours they came back taking their child Vikaas but the every thing was changed  in their life. They came with the dead body of Vikaas in their hands. Actually Police called them to said that they found the body of Vikaas near the railway track and through his ID card they recognized him but Amit didn’t listen to them and understood that Vikaas was caught by the police with his friends in the night. Both Rohini and Amit are back to their home but are still in the shock that why their son committed suicide? Tears are rolling down from their faces but words are caught by their thoughts.

Rohini moved towards her son’s bedroom, it was impossible for her to believe that Vikaas is no more with her. Vikaas’ books are placed as such on his table, his study time table was sticked just in front of his study table so that he can utilize his  time efficiently and study well. Books are scattered every where in his room. Suddenly alarm sound broke  Rohini’s thought, it is the time to get ready for the school.

Rohini – “Vikaas get up my boy, come on, wake up otherwise you will get late for your school baby” and saying this she picked some books to perpare his school bag, tears were rolling down from her cheeks. After knowing the reality she was not ready to accept that Vikaas is dead. Suddenly a paper came to her hand, it was a letter written by  Vikaas to his mom.

After reading all this Rohini cried,

“Come back my Son, I am really very sorry, came back to your mom”

…and scolded herself and Amit for doing all this to their son, because now she understood that what is their mistake but it was too late now. Vikaas is not going to came back, he finished his life in depression.

This is not a story of a Single Vikaas, every day many Vikaas are finishing their lives due to depression, it is request to parents to understand their child’s feelings and aims and let them be whatever they want because each child has a different talent and qualities , the only thing is that we have to understand them and motivate them and most importantly they want love and care like flowers to grow and bloom and spread their fragrance  in the whole world. So that this inner silence is not able to take another life.

__END__

