Like the vase,I knew for sure could never be fixed again; my soul and heart were on the verge of collapse.

I heard the glass vase hit the wall before it broke into a million pieces. Shouting and screaming followed afterwards.

Like the vase, I knew for sure it could never be fixed again;my soul and heart were on the verge of collapse.  Another night here and I was sure enough that i could be called a lunatic.

“Shut up!” said my dad as he hit his fist into the wall, inches away from my mom’s face. Slight scratches on his arm, indicated struggle.

I was ready to run away. Ready to enjoy my freedom and my right to do what I want! Over the years, my mother subdued from being my best friend to being nobody. My step-father was a different story all together. He didn’t let me do this or let me do that. In extremis,  I could not take it anymore. Moreover, I couldn’t tolerate this domestic violence. Maybe if I run away I would have another shot at life. My mind wandered off to a more important question.

Could I survive?

I had been planning to this for about a month now. I was 17 years old and I could handle myself now. I grabbed a bag and shoved my wallet, chips, water bottle and a book. I quickly managed to change my clothes and grab a few things on the way to my room.

The voices died down a bit as I opened my room’s window. I tied my hair and put my hoodie as a gust of cold air hit my face. I weakly held onto the window frame and glanced over my shoulder, at my picture-perfect room – one last time.

I carefully placed my foot on the aluminium frame and jumped. I firmly held onto a branch of an orange tree in my garden, just as a thorn sliced my finger. I winced in pain and placed my foot on the wall adjoining the gate. If there would be barbed wires or fences on these walls then I would have counted the days of my imprisonment.

A smile crept onto my face as I walked away without looking back. I was finally breaking free from insanity. I was running away!

My fears and all my tears were left behind. It wouldn’t be until tomorrow that my ‘so called’ parents would notice that I’m missing. Wild thoughts began entering my mind and I felt like a gangster who was part of the drug mafia. What if they run my photo on the television? I laughed at this thought and pushed it away.

I clenched my fingers onto the straps of my bag and took a deep breath.

I fully understood the consequences of running away.  But who was I to blame? It was already too late. I was on my own now. I had to take care of myself now which also included a place to live, food to eat, clothes to wear and my source of income. Everything was carefully written down into the back of my mind.

I quickly checked into a hotel. Careful to pay it in cash, I had watched enough movies to be careful enough for not using a credit card. They could probably track me down.

I stared at the ceiling for a long time,with my shoes on the luxurious bed. I closed my eyes and let darkness wash my soul as an image of my parents and me crossed my mind.

–END–

