Family Short Story – Son Ji Nadi

Photo credit: 

 from 

In japanese times, there was once a man named Son Douya a great known scientist. He has a blood type which is “s” for superextraordinary, it was a powerful blood which made him super smart, he was the only one who had that blood. The government hated Son Douya for he got all the attention because of his works.

The government made a plan which will make Son Douya out of the picture forever. The government hired scientists to invent a substance where Son Douya’s invention will be a threat to people. For years of working they have finally finished the toxic. The government hired a spy who will enter in Son Douya’s lab and put the toxic in his lab. Son Douya went to his lab and then when he opened the lights his works were gone.

A sudden scream was heard outside, it was his inventions destroying the city. Then, the soldiers came and destroy all Son Douya’s inventions and put him to prison. It was then declared that all of Son Douya’s inventions will be destroyed.

One yr. later … a prisoner escaped. The police went to look in Son Douya’s room, he was still there. One of the police went inside and talked to him, the police touched him, he shouted

“FOOLS!!, WE HAVE BEEN FOOLED , RUN , NOW!!!”.

It was just a hologram, he escaped with just using a fork to dig a hole out of the prison which he coverde with his pillow. He went to philippines and there he found his true love, which is Nadine C. Mirna. They had a baby named Son Wakarou who married a british named Jian T. Geniway. They were going back to Japan when suddenly Jian is about to have a baby. She was brougth to the hospital and then the baby was born. Her name is Son Ji Nadi.

Son Wakarou went out to buy some foods but then the Doctor came.

” Can i talk to her guardian”.

Son Douya answered “I’M HER GUARDIAN, WHY?” .

The doctor talked to him about the conditions of the baby. Son Douya gasped. MIDNIGHT COMES…. Son Douya went to look for Son Ji Nadi and then the next day, the doctors were surprised, the baby is cured.They went back to japan.

Son ji Nadi grew older until she reached the age 13 yrs. old. She went to look for her mother and asked something

” Mother how long can I take this off ”

“Next month my dear”.

There was a contest for dancing her group was picked to be a contestant. Their group name was g-swash. It was a contest which will be held next month, so her team kept on rehearsing.

It was time … They group was called to dance on stage but while dancing Son Ji Nadi felt weird and suddenly falls down and fainted. Everyone was shocked. She was brougth to the hospital and then she was a new person. She’s white and her hair is red, it was her real identity. She was about to die when she was a baby but then her grandfather experimented on her and saved her life she was then called “Son jI Nadi , the special girl”. She was then known in the world.

__END__

