Today is a special day for the whole world , all are ready to welcome the new year . But in my life it’s going reverse , I am sitting in a wheelchair, rewinding the memories of my past.

Before some days , I lost my wife in an accident , my spinal cord was heavily damaged and by the cause I can’t control my hands and legs effectively. By that I felt “how could  I live my remaining life , by sitting in a wheel chair? “because now I am just fifty . ” how could I fill my remaining life ?” I am a MAN , I am not a woman to spent my whole life in a wheel chair .

By that time I got another wife “yeah second wife for a man, who is sitting in a wheelchair , my second wife decided to spent her whole life for me , to take care  of a MAN in a wheel chair. This sounds cool no !

. I got an another life by a wife, daily she used to cook for me, she used to feed the food to me, she used to took me out for some fresh air , even she used to change my diapers. She always keep on thinking of me . One day when I was drinking some coffee , my hands started to tremble and I dropped the cup down, then the coffee scattered all over the room . Do you know what happened next ? my second wife came there with palpitation by hearing the sound, she doesn’t cared about the scattered coffee , her concentration was only on me and she asked me ” ARE YOU ALRIGHT ? ”

What these words actually mean? why she doesn’t cared about the broken cup and the scattered coffee? . This remind me of my first wife .

One day when I was urging to my job, I asked  her ( my first wife) to bring me a cup of coffee. While she is bringing me it, she accidently dropped the cup down and some of the hot coffee spilled over her hand .But, by that time I scolded her for the broken cup. I didn’t cared about her pain. I never thought about her life , I never respected her feelings . How selfish “MAN” I am ? .

Is this the life of a women ? “NO” , the answer is NO. Come for my second wife . She is just in her 20s , her life not even starte , when she was born her mom(my first wife) dreamed big of her future. YEAH, she is my child . I portrayed her as my second wife because, this the common life of every women in the societ . I don’t want her life to end before it starts . I want her to live her life freely, free like a butterfly, fly in the clouds by her own . So , I don’t want her , to live for a man in a wheel chair and I am getting out of her life .

–END–

