“I mean seriously, does she 

require an injection? The syringe 

 be pushed through her cute fluffy body! Oh my God! I mean, Doctor, can’t we avoid this – at any cost?”

Dr. Jessica exploded in laughter. “Britney, now, come on! You need to actually grow up! It’s just an injection! Every Tom Dick Harry is used to it!”

Britney tried hard to persuade the Doctor. “But she is not 

Tom, Dick, Harry! She is Carlos; a very sensitive, overtly emotional 

! She can’t bear all these excruciating pain! Can’t you see that! Oh my baby! How will you bear all these? Huh!”

Dr. Jessica went dumb; she went on jotting down the essentials to be followed diligently. Britney caressed the innocent pet in between, scuba diving through her own thoughts.

 Carlos is so much unaware of her upcoming fate. Two weeks back; Britney had to leave Carlos for the first time in a Dog’s Home for two consecutive days. She had no choice; delegates from Great Britain were to meet her at Dublin. Britney was not at all willing to live Carlos, a mere two and a half years old spaniel; Britney’s lifeline and the reason for her sole survival! But she had no option left. Britney stays at one of the remote countryside of Ireland far distant from her relatives, friends; and takes care after the house all alone. On that note, only living creature extant in her blunt life was Carlos; the charming brown furry princess.

On the very day when she returned from Dublin, Britney went directly to the dog house to fetch back her 

. But, Carlos was not showing any interest to return. That surprised Britney. Before, her pet used to cuddle up all the time; she even followed Britney everywhere. She had a separate sleeping zone at one extreme cozy corner near the fire-place; but Carlos never hooked upon the same; she was overjoyed and dependent solely upon Britney’s pillow and body warmth.

But currently, the narrative had reached a whole new phase. After arriving home, Carlos became too quiet. She started preferring lying down throughout the day rather than roaming around and cavorting as before. In the morning times, she even puked. Whenever, any guest visited Britney’s house, Carlos would have entertained them all with her fun-loving gestures. Now, she avoided these evening get-togethers at all.

These differences raised the cautionary button in the mind of Britney.  Ultimately she decided to go for 

health check up. Dr. Jessica was known to be a specialist in handling the mood swings of the pets. She scrutinised all the functionalities of Carlos and came to a verbal confirmation – Britney’s dear pet was expecting offspring.

“Well, Britney, you need to understand, Carlos will behave abnormally right now. She may herself be not aware of the root cause of her discomfort. She will try to resolve this state of uneasiness herself, without actually notifying the reason. After a few more days, she may even try to revert to her old day-to-day activities with her ‘pumped up’ only, treating them to be normal. You need to keep a check upon her then, so that she doesn’t jump or run or harm herself or her kids in any way. You are her 

 Britney. You 

to be very strong, strict, and stubborn; of course, for the sake of 

 baby!” Dr. Jessica took a distinct formal approach this time.

Britney picked up Carlos from the dog’s arm chair and embraced her. She could feel all the warmth of her furs. Carlos relaxed instantly, as she understood the gentle touches of her 

“By the way, I am fixing the date for her USG next week then, probably Monday! I need to check the position of the kids; so that we can understand whether any special care or prevention is at all required.  Even, we need to confirm her pregnancy. You must be aware, dogs at times, raise this false alarm when they had probably faced any unwanted situation – you know, what I mean! Right! ”Dr. Jessica fumbled a bit.

Britney sighed. “Of course I know. It’s true, I had never been a mother myself, but still I can feel her agony. When I was raped and ripped last summer, I used to behave exactly like Carlos!  You had seen me through that uncanny episode Doctor. Literally, I had spent sleepless nights fretting over the unforeseen unborn. Surely, I was saved from that unwelcomed pregnancy; but now, I should be held guilty for Carlos’s mayhem. “Tears twinkled at Britney’s eyes, as she kept on hugging and kissing her spaniel.

Jessica framed her reply for a couple of moments; then uttered slowly, “I fully understand your affliction. But, you need to comprehend Britney; Your Carlos is 

She 

a spaniel. Their code, lifestyle, rules – all vary vastly from our human society and their stigmas. You have to apprehend Carlos, dear! At her age, it is quite expected, she 

 wish to have a partner; she 

initiate the planning of her kids. Your incident is horrendously shocking, no doubt; but Carlos may have a different diagnosis altogether. Britney, look at her! Try to feel 

 happiness! Wait for a few more weeks to welcome her & 

 extended family. Past had drifted you from the waves and tides of a regular life dear. Trust me; this is the time to return to the port!” Jessica held strongly Britney’s shoulders.

In reciprocation, she smiled while kissing on the forehead of her 

I am already sensing her trouble! How can she manage so many suffering all alone?”

Jessica bloated with laughter once again; “Oh really! I thought you are already overwhelmed with 

labour pain!”

Britney blushed. “You mean to say, a ‘false alarm’!”

Carlos squealed in appreciation.

–END–

Parijat Banerjee

