Family Short Story – Dad’s Daughter

Photo credit: 

 from 

“ Dad, I am sorry, I maynot be able to sing in the competition..”- I was a timid and introvert girl who lacked self confidence. But my father noticed my ability to sing melodiously touching the higher notes of music effortlessly. He believed in my talent and encouraged me to participate in the song competition in our school.

“Don’t worry Nalini, you are a winner and I am sure you will win the competition! “

I remembered my father’s words when my name was announced as a contestant for the competition and I stepped onto the stage. But when I glanced through the audience, an unknown anxiety and fear engulfed my mind. Cold sweats formed on my forehead and I felt weak on my knees. After singing the first two lines of the song, I stopped singing! Tears were flowing along my cheeks as I stepped down from the stage. I accepted defeat and came back home.

My father consoled me “Nalini, you are a great singer. According to me, you are the winner! Now don’t worry about the competition. You know, failure is the stepping stone to success. Keep trying with confidence in your heart.You should focus on your goals and don’t accept defeat. One day, you will conquer the world with your melodious voice!”

I smiled with tearful eyes….

“A warm welcome to the well known singer , Dr Nalini!!!! You all know that she is an approved artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan. She has many albums of Ghazals & Bhajans to her credit. She has given numerous musical performances all over India. Now she will enthrall the music lovers with her mesmerizing voice…”

I took my seat on stage, humbly greeted the audience and the accompanying musicians.With my eyes closed, I prayed to Almighty and payed  obeisance to my Guru.Then I  fondly remembered my dearest Dad…I missed him so much as he left for his heavenly abode leaving me all alone in this world..

“Tumko hum dil mein basa lenge

Tum aao to sahi

Sari duniya se chupa lenge

Tum aao to sahi……..”

Marvellous lyrics…enchanting music…beautiful compositions of ghazals caressing the cords in your heart  like a feather touch..taking you to a dreamland where there is only love,happiness and  tranquility…

When I finished my ghazal programme, the audience gave me a standing ovation. I was felicitated by great persons and was showered with bouquets and words of congratulations .That was the most happy moment for me…. Singing ghazals in” Jashn-E- Urdu “programme of Hyderabad was a dream come true for any ghazal singers. I was specially invited by the Government of A.P. for singing in the famous music programme.

A cool breeze touched my cheeks and I felt the blessings of my father. In the moonlit light, I could make out the silhouette of my loving father….!

“ Nalini , I knew you are a winner, Can’t you see that ?”  ! My father whispered in my ears.

“ Yes Dad, I did it !! I am a winner!I am obliged to you. You have made me an achiever!”

I was talking to my father with excitement, but he just smiled and vanished. I knew that the soul of my loving father is always with me even after his death, inspiring me to achieve greater heights…As I wiped away my tears, my heart was overwhelmed with joy and confidence.

Yes,I am an achiever now!   I am Dad’s daughter!

__END__

