Family Story – Her life is now sad, she did not know how to be an artist

Photo credit: 

 from 

“We created a beautiful love story ,but did not know how to maintain it.We had to break up in order to understand that he was everything for me”.

Presuming,small,dreamy and elegant in her move-in such a way looked Adele in the 9th form,at the beginning of the scholar year. In that autumn there were coming more pupils  from the  neighbouring villages in their classroom because there were not medium schools where to learn. Adele was the head of the class and the form master authorized her to draw out the list of all newcomers. In such a way she got acquainted with Vlad, that person which few weeks later after the graduation of the school became her husband.

In that moment when she asked him how was his name and where he came from there was shining something that was moving their hearts in their eyes. Half a year they communicated through their looks, but at the beginning of spring when everything around said:love,Vlad mustered up his courage and wrote Adele his first love letter.

At the beginning of the 1980s, people did not know about internet and mobile phones. Lovers from schools wrote themselves letters which were handed over secretly to the addressee through a classmate.It was a discreet and delicate love. Then the meetings under the Moon took the place of letters. And a year later after the graduation of the school, while he was studying at the same college with her, Vlad asked for Adele’s hand. At the beginning her parents were against this marriage considering it too early.When they understood that Adele was already pregnant they gave them their blessing. Adele and Vlad had a beautiful wedding.

In such a way the younger got off on the right foot in their family life. After God gave light over their house and souls with two beautiful sons which came into the world after a year one by one, Adele continued her discontinued studies,having all the help of her husband and her mother-in-law. The last had a good behaviour towards her daughter-in-law, she took care of the children, taught her how to prepare the food and everything else.

I must tell you that our heroine had a difficult childhood. Her parents put her to do the most difficult work out-of-doors.From 5 years old until the 4th form she took care of the sheep. From the 4th form till the 10th form she stripped 16 cows at the farm for some small change,which she received at the end of the month. Arriving in the house of her mother-in-law she began  making her life more beautiful. In some years she built a house in all her beauty.She liked working and taking care of everything. In such a way her dream to have a house and a table, good children,a broad beautiful clever husband became reality.

Adele worked hard,with passion,she did almost all the work in her household. Many times Vlad came from the forest( he was forester) and told her:”Dear wife, let that work, you will find it tomorrow also. Come and lie down near me, tell me something beautiful…”.

But she,with worries and problems,being tired did not want to make love with him and tell him sweet words.But who does not know must know that the man like a child needs tenderness.

Vlad,being a beautiful man,found another woman. In fact she herself found him there,in the stillness of the forest.He was trying again strong feelings which he could not hide. Adele got acquainted with her even there,at the cabin,while her husband petted with her. She was shocked when she discovered that she was cheated. It looked so as if everything came to an end. She came home and cried on her mother-in-law’s shoulder who tried to calm her down. She was jealous. After two weeks she recovered her temper and decided to let everything to her children and went in her native village. The children were already big, had their own families. Vlad realized the situation and implored her to stay. But Adele considered that it will be better to go.

The breakup was difficult for everybody, at the same time for her mother-in-law. The children suffered and suffer at the moment.The truth is that after 23 years of living together they broke up amicably. They did not divorced,did not divide the property.They just chooses to live separately. Nine months Vlad and his mistress are living at the cabin.They have a child together. Adele is living in a small house which she has bought in her native village.They keep a friendly relationship in the beautiful memory of the years lived together.

After some years of separate life,Adele is convinced that the fault for the separation is of both of them:”We created a beautiful love story,but did not know how to maintain it.We had to break down in order to understand that he was everything for me.Today I regret that I did not know to be an artist in those moments.What if another woman took him from me?I should not be selfish. I should have forgive.Because I did not know how to keep him near me.”

–END–

