“Go in room no. 114 and connect the IV fluids. Don’t speak with the patient about her family and not at all about her husband.” This was the orders I got during my first night duty from my senior nurse as soon as I joined the duty. Yes I’m a nurse, working in the hospital.

I went with completely blank mind, knocked the room no. 114, opened the door and entered. She was middle aged lady with round face, fully shaved scalp showing sutured marks of surgery towards the left half of the scalp; left leg bandaged, resting on hospital bed.

I smiled at the relatives and connected the IV fluids and came back as she was sleeping. On asking with nurse she said, “she has lost her husband in an accident,  but she is not aware about it.” I felt little sympathetic for her. Her name was Rosy.

Rosy’s sister was there along with her in the hospital. She was acting fully normal infront of her and crying badly outside the room.

Next day when I went on duty, I came to know next room Rosy’s son was admitted with fracture on the right hand and leg. He was a cute little boy, sadly with plaster on his right hand and leg. Here Rosy was longing to see her son, but unfortunately both were unable to get out of the bed. The family and relatives were very supportive and always assured good care to her son, which would keep her bit relaxed.

The following day of my duty, when I visited Rosy, she was quite good and had a nice smile on her face. Felt pleasant to see her this cheerful. Her prognosis were good but I always had a question how she’ll react when she’ll face the reality.

During my last night duty, late evening we received one ten years girl with head surgery done, tracheostomy present and multiple fractures of neck and ribs. After receiving and providing all necessary medical care and stabilising the patient, we had a conversation with one of the relative. He said, “she is the daughter of Rosy. She was sitting on front seat in car on the day of accident.” He continued “it was a major accident, total six people died on the spot in the accident that day other four were severly injured. The tanker came and hit; one of the victim was this family. Rosy is only with the knowledge that her husband is in ICU, unconscious.”

As days went on we could see family environment, full of joy and laughter in Rosy’s and her daughter Sia’s room. Her son had been already discharged. The family had handled all situation quiet very well by deep burying their sarrow’s and day by day their progress was really good. Now Sia had started walking independently. Tracheostomy was closed, she was eating well. Rosy too was doing well.

Finally the day came of their discharge. I was there for my evening duty. RMO’s were speaking Rosy and Sia are discharge today, they are only waiting for their insurance approval. One of them said, “today is Sia’s birthday and to night celebration is there at home. God knows what will happen when she will come to know about her dad.”

We all went and wished her and presented gifts brought to her. There was collection of toys in her room, making the room more colourful.

After the approval they left to home happily, leaving many questions in all of our minds….

–END–

