Family Story – Beloved Sister

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Kirti affectionately hugs and kisses Ruchi on her forehead and says-

“Happy birthday Sweetheart!, may god fulfill all your wishes and also give all years of my life to my Beloved Sister”

Ruchi replies- “That’s not fare Di; I accept all your wishes, but not this one. I want you, not your years of life.

Kirti- “Ok Baba! I am sorry. So, who all are coming today evening for your birthday party?”

Ruchi- “Nobody, this year I want to spend my whole day with my Di”

Beautiful memorable days of life passes away very soon, suddenly one day Nibha Mausi calls-

 “Hi Kirti Beta! How are you and that naughty girl, Ruchi? Actually, I called you because…”

Ruchi, interrupts- “Sorry Mausi, its naughty girl this side, I know why you called? Same monotonous talk, Shaadi.com, Bharat Matrimonial……………..but, why don’t you understand, Di is not interested in marriage at all?

Nibha Mausi- “You know why she is doing so? It’s all because of you Darling! She feels, if she married, who will take care of you. But Sweetheart! There are some good families, who can accept her with you. So, now it’s your turn to do your best for your Di, convince her to marry”

Ruchi- “Ok! Mausi, I will do, but before that, I want to meet the Guy and his family, to first make myself fully satisfied that after wedding they are properly going to take care of my Di, and then only I can convince Kirti Di, got it”

Nibha Mausi- “Fine! The guy name is Mohit, by profession he is an engineer in Delhi itself. I will fix your meeting tomorrow evening at Hotel Arya, be on time, ok”

Without informing Kirti, Ruchi meets Mohit and his family at Hotel Arya. After greeting each other Ruchi says-

 “Since my parents are no more, I am here to talk with you regarding my Kirti Di’s marriage proposal. My Di is best, she is not so talkative like me, she is very soft spoken, very beautiful, self-dependent, kind-hearted, never hurts anyone. For my beloved sister, I want a family who can understand and support her in all aspects”

Mohit smiles and says- “So you are the head of the family who is here to talk on your daughter’s marriage? Don’t worry dear, me and my family will take all care of your Di and never ever hurt her sentiments, if you don’t trust, in between you can come and check it out”

Ruchi excitedly- “Ok then, but before we proceed, first I have to convince my sister………….so I am going, bye!”

Slowly and slowly Ruchi persuaded her Di for wedding, on pledge of Ruchi staying with her.

Earlier, life was going on smoothly after marriage, Kirti shifted ‘Ruchi Boutique’ from paternal house to in-laws. There also every time she was concerned about Ruchi, wake her for school, cooking her favorite dishes, her studies, her health and everything related to her.

One day before going office, Mohit told Kirti to be ready in evening for his official party, she agreed to it. Till morning everything was fine, suddenly when Ruchi came from school, she was suffering from fever. Kirti, calls doctor, who gave some medicines and told not to worry, by morning she will be fine.

Mohit reach home and asks Kirti to get ready for party, Mammi-Papa is there to take care of Ruchi, but she disagrees-

 “Sorry Mohit I can’t go, don’t you see Ruchi is not well? I don’t trust anyone when its question of her health, she needs me”

Mohit gets angry and goes out alone without Kirti, she was least bothered of anyone else accept Ruchi. Whole night she kept Ruchi’s head on her lap and took all care of her.

In morning, Ruchi’s fever comes down, and then also Kirti care her as if she is unwell. Ruchi says- “Di I am fine, please go and talk with Jiju, he is annoyed with your yesterdays behavior, Come on Di! Go and induce him with your lovely charm, I know he will definitely get convinced”

Kirti goes and talk with Mohit- “Sorry Darling! I know, I should not talk with you like that, but what could I do? Ruchi was only three, when she lost her mother, I gave her all affection and she is my life, I can’t tolerate even a small wound on her body, I can’t live without her” ( she starts weeping like a small kid)

Mohit emotionally got touched; he hugs and kisses her. Again everything was fine, life went on happily.

Kirti gave birth to a beautiful son, Arav. Ruchi, who is in class eleven now and mature enough to take care of her, then also Kirti treats her like infant, Arav.

Today all are going for picnic to a well known spot in Delhi, enjoying the beautiful songs. Suddenly they met an accident, a truck coming in full speed from behind hits their Car, Kirti who was sitting right side got hurt so much that she started bleeding with pain. Ambulance came and took everyone to hospital, all were fine with some first aid, accept Kirti who was fighting battle of life. Ruchi was in state of shock, she couldn’t understand suddenly what exactly has happened? She every time murmurs-

“Don’t worry Arav, Mamma is sleeping, when she woke up we will go for picnic, have all fun, right Jiju!, Don’t worry Arav, Mamma is sleeping……………”

Doctor comes out from operation theatre and confirms death of Ruchi’s Beloved Sister, Kirti. Mohit tries to control his emotions and tells Ruchi- “Ruchi! Kirti is no more, she is dead”

Ruchi behaved senselessly- “No! She is not dead, I hate you, she is sleeping, see she is calling me, she can’t go like this, you are a liar”. Ruchi was not ready to agree that Kirti is dead.

After committing all funeral rites, one day Mohit’s parent went to temple and told Ruchi to take care of Arav. She was sitting in balcony, Mohit comes and asks her where is Arav? She stared at him and gave just one reply-

“Don’t worry Arav, Mamma is sleeping, when she woke up we will go for picnic, have all fun, right Jiju!, Don’t worry Arav, Mamma is sleeping……

Mohit hears Arav screaming, he went inside and sees, Arav fallen down from bed, wounded and crying in pain, he gave him first and started shouting at Ruchi- “Can’t you take care of Arav, how come he has fallen down?”

Poor girl only says- “Don’t worry Arav, Mamma is sleeping………….”

Mohit meets Psychiatrist, who confirms, Ruchi in state of shock became senseless and has lost her memory after Kirti’s death. At last, Mohit for sake of Arav’s safety sends Ruchi to mental asylum for further treatment.

 And this way after death of Kirti Di,who cared for the motherless girl,Ruchi,like mother,left alone in this huge world, without her Beloved Sister.

__END__

