Siva Also Known as Raju – Family Short Story

This is the first time I’m ever going to meet Raju. I never thought that I will fall for Raju. All my thoughts are so far about my dear siva. I cannot forget the days I spent with him. Those days were lovely.  I used to go around with him often. I just love his cute smile and naughty behavior. Every time he holds my hands, I feel proud to have him. Every time he fights with me, I like his speech. I love him so much than anyone in my life.

But now he is no more. He is not with me right now. It has been 2 years since his death. That day it was his birthday. He was so cute in his blue shirt. We planned to go temple nearby. I have a beautiful doll prepared by me in my hands. I want to give him a surprise. When we walk on the road holding our hands happily, I never expect he will not be there to hold my hand after that.

Suddenly a car that came with high speed losts its balance and within a fraction of second the car hit my siva. The doll in my hands was still smiling but now it gave me a different meaning. I feel like it saying,

“I’m there with you”.

I pinched myself and prayed god “Let all this thing happened should be a dream and this accident as fake”.

I cried.. cried.. shouted but before my eyes my love boy died. I hold him in my hands and kept weeping. Kissed him once for the last time.

After that incident I lived a lonely life. I wont speak much to anyone and I lost my smile. Many tried to convince me but I have not. But things are strange when I heard Raju for the first time by mom. I didn’t believe. She told that he will be like my dear siva with cute smile. He will be with me to go around, fight and always there to love me. And he is soon coming to see me. Slowly my heart felt a love for him.

Today Siva going to visit my home.I have a big plan to welcome him to my home. I have decorated my house well and made his room with all things I had once for Siva. The doorbell of the house rang making a sweet note. 8 years old Meena rushed to invite her brother Raju new baby boy born to her mother..

__END__

