Family Short Story – Tomorrow never dies…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once there lived a person, he lived on the cliff of a mountain, where there is no one except him… There is no one to say that his heart is stone hearted… He would eat, he would drink, he would sleep, just not to die… He does every little thing for a tomorrow, as a little hope still hides beneath his lonesome heart. He dedicated his life for someone who would come and cure his heart one day. He waited, waited and waited since so long, but, no one ever showed up… he’s left with no sweet memories to live with, he experienced no love to live with, and he has no moments to laugh at…

“It’s just meaningless to wait more for the same lonely tomorrow”, he expressed with him. Day after day, season after season, year after year he waited at the edge of a cliff with the world beneath. So, he thought to end his life, tomorrow…

Tomorrow never dies, so was love, so was he… when he was about to jump on that particular tomorrow, he felt a hand on his shoulder, someone stopped him from doing that, someone asked him to live for some time… he stayed back, on looking at his little hope… they fell in love with each other and he felt her as his stalemate, as she took care of him… she took care of him like a father, fed him as a mother and looked after his happiness… a year passed, and they were still the same…

On one tomorrow, everything just vanished, when his beloved lover fell in love with someone and ran down the cliff, as if he meant nothing more than a human being staving for a little love to her… he started to search for her, for a tomorrow, for his hope to come true… he lived, as she gave a reason for him to live… as she gave him a lot of memories to go through and through every day and every moment…

She showed him the world, she showed him the beauty of the world from the cliff of that mountain… The world is beautiful in day light, but, when it comes to night, he was feared, he feared that day would vanish with night… he always waited for tomorrow’s sun, he always waits for tomorrow’s bright, he just waited for his only love to come back to him, as she was the reason he’s still alive, looking for a tomorrow… But, she never came back…

He found it pointless to live like that, to wait for her… So, one night, he tried to end his life, but, someone stopped him, someone came to his life like an angel… She just pointed to the moon and said “look, even the night is beautiful, but, u just have to look at it with your loving heart”

Night is beautiful than day, but, one night, the moon didn’t show up, and, he was scared, and tried to jump again, but, his little sister again stopped him and pointed at the little stars in the sky and said “everything is beautiful, but, u just have to search for that, u just have to search for a reason to live, not to die”

He stopped himself from jumping off the cliff of the mountain… His little sister always stopped him, his little sister was always with him… But, he would always feel for his first love, leaving her little sister’s love behind… she would always bear his brother, his arrogance, his anger, his love for his first love… But, she never left him behind…

One night, there were no stars, no moon, nothing… He was feared again, for a moment he thought to jump… But this time, he stopped himself, he remembered her sister’s words “find a way to be happy”… He searched everywhere, but, there is no one except his little sister… Everything came to a halt… He stopped himself, he just sat beside his sister, while she was worried about his brother. His little sister tried every possible way to keep his brother happy, she left everything behind to keep his brother happy, but her brother didn’t realize that till then…

He just sat beside his sister, holding his little sister’s face in his palms, he looked into her little sister’s eyes… He found tears in her eyes, every drop is a pearl, and his little sister left so many of them for his brother… Day brought light, night brought peace, but, he didn’t even realize the love of his little sister till then, and when he found the love in his little sister’s eyes, he was lost, lost in her beautiful eyes, which twinkled like stars in the sky… But one day, he hurt her deeply, and before he realized what he had done, his sister walked away from him, walked down the cliff of the mountain… Now he realized that nothing is beautiful than his little sister’s love, nothing is beautiful than his little sister’s eyes, which would always show the love she had for him…

She left everything to be with her brother, but her brother gave sorrow to his little sister, because of his lost love, he angrily scolded her to leave him alone… So, he was on the cliff of the mountain again…The more closer he came near to the edge of the cliff, the more he started to hear his little sister’s voice… SEARCH FOR A REASON TO BE HAPPY TODAY, BECAUSE NO ONE KNOWS WHAT’S ON YOUR WAY TOMORROW ———-

I almost jumped out of bed while my instincts slowly started to gain its senses back to the present. I was left alone with her memories. My little sister gave me strength to survive, with all her care and love towards her useless brother who threw the plate she bought to feed his brother. I shouted on her to leave me alone and she stayed back. I ignored her presence by my side, she bared. I pushed her out of my room, she knocked. I stayed on my bed crying, she stayed at the door pleasing to open. I cannot remember the time I slept with the tears of weakness. I doze of like an idiot living her sister in a worry that I would hang myself. No one is at home, still I left my little sister alone.

I ran down the stairs, as if I am running down the cliff of the mountain. I knocked her door once, before I opened, but didn’t get any response. Turning the knob of the door, I entered into my little sister’s room, where everything was placed at its right place. She wrapped herself with a blanket, till her face. I felt happy after a long time, just by looking at my little sister’s face. It’s true, a person can find happiness when you look them happily. I situated myself beside khushi, my cute little sister. I ran my plam all over her face, just to feel her love towards me.

After a little while, she gaped her eyelids, when I pinched her chubby cheek, which I always did before falling in love with the person who left me. Khushi smiled, as it has been a long while. She rubbed her cheek, held my hand with the same and shifted her head from pillow to my lap, throwing the pillow on the floor. While I was caressing her hair with my other hand, she gave a little kiss to my hand in hers and said “I love you annayya (means brother in telugu)” with an affection in every word.

Some people come and go, some stay with you, but in every situation, family is a family, who would always stay with you when you go through your hard times. Family always try their best to give a better tomorrow. I don’t wait for tomorrow anymore, as I am happy at present.

__END__

