Family Short Story – Because I can’t stop

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Life opened its wings to a new visitor, but it’s not able to be trusted, unfortunately, it gives not second chances, because it’s life, and it waits for nobody, all what man can do is trying to walk the line so as to guaranty his place, that’s why I planned to take my chances.

My name is Ancora, it means Hope, the hope that my parents waited for, a pretty brown girl had to live in a modest neighborhood, my story started when I opened my eyes on a sweet family, my mom told me that I was too weak when I was born, Ancora is a Latin word means Hope, my father was hopeless and thought that I have no chance to live, I was the first child to that small family, everybody was sad for me , fortunately the wanted to live was gushing out inside me, it was the true moment of my birth when we come out the hospital and the family got celebrated at home, three years later my mother gave a birth to my brother a very sweet child named Charley.

Life was calm and peaceful I remember, but not for a long time, the year after , we heard about a frightful accident in the factory where my beloved father was working, that was a terrible news, the accident left many victims behind, for bad luck my dear father was one of them, we were in my aunt Sara’s house when we knew about his death. I was four years and charley was 10 months only.. the relationship between my father and me was so close. I loved a lot to wait in front of the door till he comes and put me on his shoulders to go in a picnic together.

I loved more his exaggerated tenderness and goodness which made me feel that life is seriously amazing, he was loving me to the insanity, yes he was because I’m his only daughter, he was my shadow, my guard angel, he was my father, he had never left me alone, but that day he was late, he didn’t come yet, when I ask about him they told me that he dead, I was I child who doesn’t know what is the death, I was waiting for him everyday in front of the door to receive with a big hug and innocent smile, I kept waiting.. Because he promised me to take me in a long trip to the sea, but he didn’t come!

There came a lot of people in the funeral, some of them were supporting us and others were rejoicing at the misfortune of my hurt mother and show crocodile tears, I understood nothing that time, I caught my brother cold hand and set in the corner.. I didn’t know what death means till I observed the different, the absence and the emptiness that my sweet father had left, he used to get candy and chocolate for me every night, when he was here with us the house owner wasn’t coming to knock our door and blame my mom because she didn’t pay rent fees in time, the work was too hard for my mother, that because my dad in his life used to get everything we need, and the fridge was full of food.. But his death left a large emptiness in our hearts that we couldn’t carry.

To be continued…

