 [Anything for you dear! – Family Short Story]

Anything for you dear - Family Short Story

Tomorrow By this time I will be walking hand-in-hand with her in the park, I thought while sipping coffee from the balcony. I’m going to meet her after five days. Five long days….. I looked at her favorite rose plant; a bud is on the way to bloom. I Can’t wait to see twinkle in her eyes when she sees this.

Thinking of dinner, Shall I cook for her or …..No let me take her out to dinner. Last week she was mentioning about some new hotel opened near-by. I will take her there and surprise her, I decided.

I checked out the room. It was in the way she preferred. Bed sheets tucked in, her books in the table and I have rented out few of her favorite DVD’s for us to watch it over the weekend. I want to shower her with everything possible, to let her know how much I love her.

Glancing at my watch, I realized I must be on the way to pick her up. The house will be filled with her laughter when she comes. I miss her very badly; I don’t know whether she feels the same towards me.

I parked my car and was about to ring the door bell.

“Daddy…” she came running out.

“Take good care of her. Last week she had stomach upset once she came back. Don’t give her any junk food…” said Prachi, my Ex-Wife.

“I know what to give. She is my daughter too.” I cut her in the middle

“High time you realized this….” She shot back.

“Mummy Please, don’t fight again. “my daughter said sobbingly.

I reached out to my daughter and gave her a hug. She is going through a lot at a young age of eight. She has seen me & Prachi fighting when we were living together. She has seen us fighting during the divorce proceedings. She is just beginning to understand, daddy & mummy will not live in the same house anymore. Now we are fighting for her….No I can’t put my daughter through this again.

” Prachi, It’s Okay. I will take good care of her. Don’t worry…” I told my ex-wife and without waiting for a reply, I took my daughter’s hand and started walking towards my car.

“Daddy, I want an ice-cream….”

“Anything for you dear…..”

All I care for at this moment is my daughter’s happiness and I’m ready to do anything for her.

__END__

