27/june/2017 It was one of the happiest day of my life as two big events were going to take place in a single day….First I was to get prize for class 10th results and we were going to shirdi for the first time…….The one problem I faced was I could do only one of them because our train was at 10:15 PM and prize was to be distributed between 9 to 9:30 PM and I chose to go to shirdi hoping that my friend would collect my prize…..

At station I was with my family we were 9 members….happily we were waiting for train and I got a phone call that “Sorry..I couldn’t collect your prize..I tried my level best”. I was just in tears not showing to everyone but my parents noticed that i was sad..My father asked what happened I told him i missed an opportunity. We (my dad and me)

 tried level best to contact the officials but failed. Dad said not to worry for us you are champion but i was really sad because it were 4 years since i got a prize like that…

He tried to convience me so that I could come to normal state and after some time I was in.

He said We will talk about it where you prize will go ?? you will surely get it..then me to happily travelled in train in went to shirdi…Its a beautiful place and every one should go there once in a life. on the 2nd day when we were about to return I again tried to call officials and everytime they cut my phone..I tried via different number and it was picked He said sorry nothing could be done…I was confused weather to enjoy this time or cry on

I was broken deeply inside my heart and thinking that who to blame for this…my friend, father or myself. My father told me that anyhow I will get It for sure…now what he was not saying anything about it. He just gave told me a lie about my prize. Why he didn’t told me that time that i won’t get it so as i would have forgotten that matter..just for keeping my heart…..

Really I had missed my opportunity the moment changed the happiest man to the sadest..I could only cry on my fate…I was confused that what to do..should i blame my father for a lie?or myself? ….. I didn’t talked to anyone for a time period. I just wanted to overcome that feeling of loosing something that i deserved/won..

My father and I didn’t even talk a single word during that time…I think he was also knowing that nothing can be happend….We both were like not to face each other..Really this confusion was not going away….

–END–

