Family Short Story – Two sisters

Photo credit: 

There was a young girl named Diliyara Ganiyarova Rashidovna. She was born on January 31, 1978 in Russia. She was very sweet young girl. At the age of fourteen she met a guy. His name was Leonid Ganiyarov Anatolievich. They both had intercourse but apparently it didn’t mean anything. She got pregnant by him. She tried to contact him by letters but he didn’t respond.

Nine Months later, on December 10, 1993 in Russia Part of Republic of Tatar Stan In The City Of Nizhnekamsk. The mother named Her Daughter Albina Ganiyarova Leonidova. She loved Albina so much but was struggling to take care of her. She didn’t know because she was only fourteen years old when she had Albina. At the age of sixteen Diliyara Had another intercourse and she got pregnant but the father was unknown.

On April 23, 1996 she gave birth to another Daughter. The mother named her Baby girl Alina. Albina and Alina become sisters. They had the same mother but different Fathers. Albina was happy that she had a sister. The reason why? It’s because Diliyara wasn’t there for the girls that more often. She was gone. She didn’t try hard enough to care for them. She was having fun having SEX with Random Guys and She took Drugs. Who watched the girls? Was The Grandmother.

Her name was Berngard Vasima Ganiyarova. She loved her Grandchildren a lot. But she wasn’t happy with Diliyara. It was very difficult for the girls growing up. Sometimes when the mother was at home it would get at the point where she was scaring the girls by making a threat that she will jump off the window. She was very drunk and she was overwhelmed with her life. She didn’t know what to do next.

The mother lost her privilege to see the girls and lost her Parental rights. The girls were taken away from the mother.

 The System took the girls to the orphanage.

In 2000, the grandmother came to the Orphanage and asked if she could take the girls home for a visit. The Orphanage said yes but the girls had to come back at a certain time. Once The grandmother picked up the girls. The grandmother told Albina that their mother passed away and she told also to Alina. But she didn’t say the real truth of what really happened to Diliyara. She didn’t want the girls to know the Truth of what it happened. It was a secret that she kept from the girls.

It was very hard for the girls. Once the grandmother and the girls came home, the grandmother told the girls that they had to wait for the body to arrive and relatives to come. Once the girls’ mothers’ body arrived. The grandmother kept the girls in the room. Diliyara’s body was in the living room. The Muslim people came for prepare to clean the body and do ceremony. Albina got a chance to say good bye and hug her mother. But the Muslim people didn’t let the grandmother near the body. The grandmother was so upset that she was crying. Albina saw, when Man put her mother down in a grave. Before they did that, they covered her with white sheet. After they put her down in grave, the man put a big board on top of her and covered lots of dirt. Alina was not there to see it because she was young.

After The mother’s death, the grandmother started to drink alcohol. Most of the time she would get so drunk that she would cry and scare the girls.

She would put a sharp object against her throat and say to Albina and Alina. They killed her. They killed my Daughter. She would blame the neighbors.

Albina and Alina didn’t know why her grandmother got so drunk at some point she would let the girls outside and told them go see your aunt Masha. When it came to that point, the girls would start walking. The grandmother was a big time alcoholic. She lost her privileges to see the girls. The girls end up at Detski Dom. That was another orphanage.

When Albina and Alina arrived at Detski Dom. Albina was so nervous. She was very shy and didn’t know how to make friends.

Albina didn’t go to school till she was 8 years old.

She and the orphanage kids all went to camp every year. The camp was called Chaika. They also once in a while would go to Kama camp.

Albina had a lot of fun at camp. She loved catching Lizards and she was very fast at it. She loved Snakes. The most favorite part she liked at camp was aunts. She loved to poke a stick at aunts’ pile and let few get on the stick and few seconds she would shake it off and lick the sour juice that the aunts left on it. It tasted so sour and she loved it.

Albina was very smart. She was allowed to be with older kids at the camp while the rest of her age was in their own age group. She was also with older age group of girls at the Orphanage.

Albina had a lot of fun living at the orphanage but she did miss her mother. The Relatives tried to help out at some point. The girls had three cousins named Lilya, Ilvira and Marcel. The tried to spend more time with the girls. They even visited the girls and picked them up for a home visit.

In 2004 Albina and Alina were adopted. Before the girls were adopted. One day the grandmother came to Albinas School. She started to beg Albina not to go. But she told her grandmother to go home and don’t worry. That was the last time she saw her grandmother.

Albina and Alina were adopted by an American Family. Albina was somewhat excited but at the same time she didn’t want to leave Russia and leave her grandmother. But she already made a decision. She told the adoption lady YES! For herself and for her sister. Once The girls and their new parents were in Moscow. The Mother and the father only wanted the youngest sister but not the oldest. But they still adopted the girls and a year later they gave the oldest up. The family kept the younger sister and put the oldest sister for adoption. But Albina was at the hospital locked up for no reason.

Albina was abandoned twice. A WEEK OR SO later Albina was adopted By Jennifer Davidson and David Howard Davidson.

 Albina met her new parents and she was very happy that she was getting adopted again. After The Davidson adopted Albina. She started to have a lot of problems.

 She was diagnosed with Depression Borderline Personality Disorder, and postromantic stress.

Albina started to miss her sister. She started to self-harm. Albina started to end up and keep ending up in the hospital. She already been in state hospital in North Carolina and she didn’t really like it. All she wanted was to End her life. She thought she had no reason to live anymore. She been in the hospital more than 10 times. Albina and her parents moved to New York City, Manhattan. She started to attend to St. Luke’s Roosevelt Hospital program called CITPD. She was going there five days a week for nine months. She had up and downs but she graduated the program.

Now Albina and her parents moved to North Carolina, Charlotte. So far Albina is doing well. She is keeping herself out of the Hospital.

 Albina and Alina don’t have any contact with each other. They did communicate few times on Facebook 2 months ago.

 __END__

