Family Short Story – Life without Colors

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Baby, Where are you?Come here my son”, his mother called him.

 “Coming maa”, he answered and stood up from the grass.

 Ravish, a 17 year old boy, who lost his father at 4. He remember only a little of him. He has a few friends only. There are only two things that are important in his life, his mother and painting. He loves to paint. He learned this art from his mother. His life is perfect. He is good at studies, has won many national level awards for his paintings.

 “Yes, maa. You called me?” Ravish asks, rubbing his color-stained hands with towel.

 “Yes come sit here”, she pointed towards a sofa in front of her.

 “You remember once you promised me something?”, she continued.

 “Yeah”, he replied.

 “What was that?”, She asked.

 “That you will ask me or only one thing which i will have to give you and promised that i surely will. But what’s the matter?”, He asked ,this time listening to his mom more attentively.

 “Today I want you to do what you promised”, She said.

 He got a bit nervous thinking what she may ask for when he noticed the seriousness on his mothers face.

 “Ohkay, and what promise do you want me to make?”, He asked taking a long breathe.

 “Promise me, you will never quit painting; whatever may be the circumstances, whatever this life may give to you”, she said looking straight into his eyes.

 He kept looking at her for 2 minutes and then said, “I promise”“By the way, you wasted your wish. As you know i just love painting .Why would I even think of quitting it”, He said.

 “Yaa for sure. But still, just in case if you ever may think of it.”, she replied hiding her tears.

 He thought his mother is just getting emotional, thinking of his future. He came forward and hugged her.

 A few days later she was in the hospital. She was severely ill from months. She hide it from him .She knew she is going to die soon.

 He just could not understand what just happened to his mother suddenly. He was standing outside the ICU, crying.

 Nurse came to inform him that she has gained consciousness and wants to meet him.He quickly wiped his tears and went in faking a smile.

 “Hey maa, I have talked to doctor he said you’ll be okay in just a few days. Then we can go home. So many paintings of yours are left incomplete”, He said

 “I know you can complete them all. I trust you”, she said holding his hand, looking into his eyes.

 His eyes were red .Anyone can tell he has been crying a whole night just by seeing into them.

 “No, I can’t. Maa you will be okk. We will do it together .I can do nothing without you”, this time he just could not stop himself from crying.

 “Shhh, Don’t cry .You are my brave son. Remember I’m always with you .Wherever you go, whatever you do. I’ll be watching you”, she said.

 Then after three days there was a crowd in their small house. Some were getting the things ready for the funeral.

 Others were crying, literally shouting. Among all, he was standing in front of a photo of his mother hanging on the wall. Remembering her last words, “Keep your promise. Don’t forget”.

 Now, he actually understood why she asked him for this.Time passes and life goes on.

 It’s been 6 years from then, he has learned to live alone with his memories.Today, it’s his painting exhibition. Everyone is amazed by his art. All are watching his painting, conveying different meanings out of them as per their perspective. He is standing in a corner, having no interest in all the compliments he and his painting were getting.

 Then a girl came to him and said, “Your paintings are wonderful”.

 He nodded in a way to say thanks and smiled a bit.

 “But, something is missing there. All of your paintings are monochrome. I think you should make them colourful, that would make them look more lively”, she said

 Thanks for the advice but I know that”, he said in a bit rude tone.

 “I’m sorry if I insulted you or something. It was just a suggestion. I am not saying you need to do that. They are…….”, she was explaining her context while he interrupted her.

 “My colours got missing….., someone stole them”, he said, looked upward, smiled and left.

 She just kept looking at him till he vanished.

__END__

