Family Short Story – Kind heart

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mita and Shobha were two sisters. Mita was 19 yrs old and Shobha was 23 yrs. Shobha was dusky and a very simple looking girl. Mita was totally opposite from her sister. She is very fashionable and very pretty. Shobha loves her sister very much, but Mita feels very bad when Shobha gets close to her friend circle. She feels shame going outside with her sister. Because Shobha is not like her.

It was Monday and Mita was ready for going to her college . She was eating her breakfast. Shobha said to her,”Mita, I’m also going to college . So please wait for me. We’ll go together”.

Mita replied, “No, I’ll not go with you”.

Shobha told her ok and went inside the kitchen.

Mita went to college. This was her first day of college. She was confident that no one will do anything with her. She had the charm on the face to impress anyone. When she enter’s the college gate. Some seniors came and stand near her. She felt nervous. But she asked them,” what happened “?

Seniors said,” It’s your first day in this college. So we ask you questions not you.”.

Mita turned her face down.

Seniors asked her some questions. She replied very confidently all the answers. At last one of the seniors told her to go to any senior and ask her number. She told them that how can she ask anyone number. It’s her first day. No one will give me. Seniors get angry and said that it’s her ragging. Ok. What we told you, you have to do. So don’t be smart. Otherwise it will not be good for you.

She was scared now. She turned her eyes from them to search any seniors who will not be angry. There was a group standing close to the girls common room. She thought I can go and ask anyone of them. So she went there and ask them their numbers. They got angry and said,”R u idiot? How can we give you our numbers. Go from here. ”

She returned to the seniors who were taking ragging of her. She told no one gave me. Now what can I do.They told her, “we don’t know. You have to do this.”

After 2 or 3 minutes later she saw her sister Shobha coming inside the college. She thought I can ask her.She is senior and might be knowing these guys. So she went to her sister. Mita told all things to her. She was crying. Shobha wiped her tears and told her that this is not a big problem. She can give her number to them. Mita have tears in hereyes.

She said,”Di, I never understand you. But you always loved me. Sorry. You are my sweet and caring sister. You were always there whenever I need you. I never respect you. I’m feeling very guilty. Sorry.”

Shobha wiped her tears and then Mita went to the seniors and gave them her number. They were surprised to see it.

Mita then loves Shobha a lot. She gives respect and always take care of her sister.

__END__

