Family Short Story – Becoming who I am

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Years ago there was a girl named Mina who made a remarkable thing that touched the hearts of everyone. She came from a rich family and the youngest among the siblings, both of her parents were business man and so much busy that they could not even attend an important events in their school. One day in school, when all of her classmates were busy choosing an event for the incoming intramural,  suddenly, one of them asked her.

Mina, What event did you chose? The girl asked.

Aaah… nothing. I’m not interested in joining any events. Mina answered.

Nothing??? but how can you learn?, how can you explore the beauty of life if you will just stare and do nothing?! The girl asked.

I know, I know… But what can I do? I have no guts in facing people, I am afraid of being rejected they might just criticize me if I could not perform well hmm.. She replied.

Well, I can do nothing about that, no one else can help you but yourself! The girl ended.

Mina grew up with a little confidence in herself, she’s always in doubt, she never believed in her capacity and questioned her own identity! and because of that she thought that in everything she do, she would always have to be a winner so that others would pay much attention to her, like what her parents do when her sister gained lots of recognition and rewards. That was the reason why she was afraid of failures and easily got disappointed.

At night, while eating dinner together with her family her parents consulted them…

So, how was your day? Her father asked.

aahm… fine. Mina answered.

Yeh! always! I am used to it! don’t you have any achievements in school???! you are always like that, same routine, same life! Her father angrily shouted.

I am sorry if I DISAPPOINT you again, why don’t you ask sister, she’s good in everything! Mina answered, then she walked away while tears falling down her face.

(crying) What should I do now…? I have nothing! everything is gone!  I must do something, mm.. Even if things would be difficult but I have to face it! I have to… Mina promised herself.

Saturday morning, Mina went to one of the clubs moderator, Ms. Theresa to talk about joining the club, she then promised not to be lazy in attending all the activities in the club and during intramural as well. She was trying to become the best even if trying is not as simple as it is for it requires practice, patience and respect to achieve her goals…

Now, Mina was doing well in school, she gained lot’s of friends and slowly coping with the new things she encountered. Believing in herself boosted her confidence, excelling in different ways was the reason of becoming an honor student. Her efforts paid off, she has become the best athlete and will be receiving an award but the problem is, her parents might not be able to attend the awarding ceremony because of their busy schedule… So Mina, thought of a way for her parents not to refuse her.

While eating supper, her mom was wondering about the necklace she has given her and she asked:

Why didn’t you wear the necklace that I’ve given to you???

She immediately put a hand on her neck and looked up to her mom…

I.. think I lost it…. Mina answered.

You’ve lost it???! It cost a lot of money, don’t you that?! Her mom told her.

I am sorry mom.. She answered.

Sorry???! You’re irresponsible! you are not like your sister! she is good while you…

While I am nothing!!! and yes we’re different because you love her more than  me! The truth is I did sell that necklace for me to able to pay for the two hours of your salary(crying) I need a parent, mom.. I need you! to escort me while getting my award in school…

Her mom didn’t expect the revelation. She felt sorry and hugged Mina tightly.

I am sorry, baby.. I never thought things like this would happen. Her mother told her.

Now, Mina learned to let go of her doubts and embraced her potentials.

__END__

