Family Story – Awaiting Miracle Chapter No 2.

Photo credit: 

 from 

Another day started and the world was planning for a new day but Asim was still on his bed.There was silence and there wasn’t any noise of quarrel and argument as it usually would have been. He heartened himself  “every thing is going to be alright. You can always wish, it is your right and no one can stop you”.

The peace in the air was unbelievable for Asim. His sleep would break with the alarm of shouting voices every morning and now peace was alarming.

“Is every thing alright?” he asked himself. A voice from inside replied,

“Yes! Now peace will prevail and pains will be gone”

He was floating in the air like  a feather when a mourning voice dragged him out of his fantasy world.

He jumped out of his bed and rushed to the room from where that voice was coming. Akhtar was mourning with pain putting his hands on his stomach, below the ribs. He was quickly taken to the hospital. Akhtar was diagnosed with a gall bladder stone which had caused a severe infection and an urgent operation was suggested. The news was given to Jahan, “Akhtar’s foster mother”, who lived abroad. She paid for the expenses to cure Akhtar. Naz accompanied Akhtar in the hospital.

Naz kept awake all night. She was sitting on a bench placed next to the patient’s bed. She looked at Akhtar and thought,

“the one who was arrogant and harsh is laying still and subdued by fate”. her eyes were interrogating him,

“why did you do that to me. You don’t know how much I wanted you to be close to me but more i chased the farther you ran”

Asim was sitting outside the room, alert and cautious to serve any urgent need. Akhtar woke up in the middle of the night and found that Naz was the only one to take care of him. Akhtar asked for a glass of water. Asim heard from outside the room and came immediately with a glass of water.

“here dad”Asim said.

Naz supported Akhtar to sit on the the bed.

Akhtar said “thank you” with tears in his eyes.

Naz was astonished to see tears in Akhtar’s eyes. She had never witnessed him weeping in thirty five years of there relation. He was harsh, aggressive and rude. He was the one who caused tears in her eyes for many years. Asim was standing there mortified with this sudden surprise.

“What? tears! is it real or its an illusion, why hasn’t he shouted at me, why hasn’t he called me a loser as he always does”Asim was confused in his thoughts when Akhtar,s voice interrupted.

“come son, sit close to me”

Asim had not listened to such words for many years. The last time he felt such compassion from his father was when he was twelve years old and now after ten years, the same warming words were unbelievable.

Events from the past had left deep impression on the minds of Naz and her children.

” Naz was married to Akhtar when she was selected by the foster mother of Akhtar, “Jahan”.Akhtar was adopted by Jahan when he became an orphan at the age of four. She brought him like her own son and Akhtar adored her. Akhtar was interested in another woman but could not refuse Jahan for she was the one he respected most.

Akhtar tried to live a normal life with Naz and during a period of ten years they had four children. But then  Akhtar would spend most of his time outside home. He would give a little sum of money to Naz for household and then would disappear for several days. She would spend with great care to avoid extravagance but when every single coin was spent she could do nothing, but to ask her sons to look for their father. They would go to his workplace where he was expected to be found. He was often found sleeping there recklessly. Seemed like he hadn’t slept all night but, what were his activities was a mystery to them. He would greet his children with joy and compassion. They were given money and gifts and for them every thing was normal.  Akhtar was considered a loving and caring father by his children.

When they grew up they heard about suspicious activities of their father from an acquaintance. He was allegedly living  with a woman. When he was asked about that matter, they were scolded abusively and Naz was tortured physically. He accused her of misguiding children. All love and compassion disappeared instantly.

Time passed and no one knows what happened and he returned home but distances were even greater than before. He lost his interest in work and financial position worsened”.

Asim stepped towards Akhtar hesitantly.

“sit with me son” Akhtar insisted.

Asim sat beside Akhtar. Then Akhtar called Naz and burst into tears.

“Forgive me. Forgive me for every thing I did, for every wound and every pain I had given. I was the one who never cared about you and still how gracious you are that you didn’t left me alone when there is no one around. Where are those who promised me to be my companions till last breath. I have realized that my family is all I have got. I was a fool to go after a mirage.  I am ashamed to ask you if you would accept me once again in your life”.

Naz was in a state of shock and remained silent.

“Please forgive me or I’ll die with regret, will you hold my hand” Akhtar pleaded.

Naz broke her silence and said,”yes”.

Naz took a deep breath and spoke,

“Time has passed and youth has gone. Desires are abandoned but still I have my children for whom I live. Please let me collect those scattered fragments and build my home with them. Will you help me build my home?”

Tears dropped of the eyes and a smile came on Akhtar’s face. He replied,”Yes I will”.

Asim was still silent. He was witnessing a moment he never imagined.

“will you join us son” Asked Akhtar.

Asim stood up wrapped his hand around Naz and said,”yes”

The rays of son were starting to appear.

Asim thought”looks like the dark night has passed”

“Every day starts with new hopes and expectations, as bright as the rays of rising sun and then night, once again bringing melancholy to the air. But night has to pass with the first ray of sun bringing good tidings of a new day invite one to wish for a miracle to happen.”

The End

