There was a young girl named xyz. She was a single daughter with three own brothers and many cousin brothers and very few cousin sisters more number of male classmates and few girl students…Due to this she had more male characters rather than femininity..but she was very beautiful physically and mentally as she was blessed with wide twinkling eyes which could easily hide her pain within themselves, a mesmerizing smile which could easily hide her difficult childhood and an amazing attraction in voice when she spoke to anyone in person or in public.

She was a very good daughter who never had any affair nor had any boyfriend neither was into any relation any time ever even though she lived in a metropolitan city and a very open culture. There were many a boys who proposed her friendship and marriage but she always refused to saying and thinking that this decision belonged to her parents. She thought that her parents were the one who had the sole right to select her life partner since they were the ones who brought her into this world. Although her parents had a rocky marriage.

Finally her parents managed to find a suitable boy for her. According to them he was a perfect match for her although he was 4inches shorter than the girl, quiet stout with a bulging stomach and a double chin to make him look like a big old uncle. This uncle not only got their beautiful high class girl but also a large amount of dowry in the form of cash furniture clothes etc. with a lifetime gaurantee of clothes, cash, monthly household grocery, jewellery etc.

The marriage took place according to all the rituals of the culture and religion. The girl had not seen the boy even though the meeting had been arranged. She was brought to the new home which had a slanting entrance. The girl could hardly walk with her heels which slipped but she was saved due to the entrance gate. She was led to a small but neat drawing room. She slowly looked around through her head cover. A 4feet man came up to her and handed her a small bouquet of red saying that he is as good as the girls brothers. The girl still did not raise her eyes as she was still feeling sad of leaving her loved ones behind.

–END–

