Family Story – Adopted

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sometime ago, when the time travels back to the mystical phase of my life, where I was timid, unknowingly curious about a truth, I realised something that changed my life forever. My story takes its inception on an afternoon when I was exposed to the obnoxious truth that I was not the real descent of the Saki family.

In the year of 1972, when I was 17, I made an unusual excavation into the old store room of our house; Beaten to boredom on the long summer vacation I started exploring the rusted iron boxes filled with those things that engulfed flavours from the past. Digging into one of the old boxes that had my father’s possessions from college, I found a short book that had something written in amateurish calligraphic strokes. Unfinished poems and phrases of prose flashed in between as I flipped through the old note book which was eaten away on the sides by the rodents secretly surviving in the same manor with the Saki’s.

Opening a random page I found this, “

Saketh

adopted

”.

My heart raced faster than anything I could ever imagine. I realised that I was the adopted son to my parents.

Quickly turning to the first page I found my dad’s name beautifully composed in calligraphy and matchless with the amateurish one written in the pages, sharp in its strokes and elegant on the curves. I didn’t move away from that room. It’s the unbeaten curiosity, fumes of anguish and fear of insecurity that made me to sit on the dusty table in that dark store room with a lantern on my side to read the story that would unveil my genesis. I continued reading;

“

”.

 

Bewildered, I stopped reading; I never had the idea that my parents who were revealed to be the foster ones were in love from college. I always assumed it to be a procedural arranged marriage between them. Hearing someone walking by the door I quickly wrapped the book beneath my shirt. Being vulnerable I didn’t speak to anyone. That night, looking at my unusual behaviour my little brother bothered to ask me what I was going through. I couldn’t resist myself from asking him something which was haunting me.

 what if you realize that I am not your real brother? What if I was adopted or something of that sort, what would you do? ” I spoke lying on my bed.

I couldn’t pose this question looking impassively into his pitch black eyes. Waiting anxiously for his reply my lungs expanded twice their size. After a minute pause he started speaking “You have been my brother for so long that I can’t imagine you being an outsider to the Saki’s. Tomorrow if I come to know that you were adopted, I wouldn’t care. You would still be my brother, for this life

I remained speechless

Watching him asleep, recollecting his unforgettable words I quickly switched on the bed lamp and continued reading.

“

”.

Completing the book I was contented, I heard what I wanted to. I was not the adopted one. Next day, I went to my dad’s work place; seeing my radiant black eyes and the book in my hand, my father struck a paradoxical expression. Putting his hand gently on my shoulder he took me outside.

Before I could break the awkward silence he interrupted me saying “

 

.

Holding me tight, he said “

”. Patting me affectionately, my dad left. I never asked what his intention behind writing that book was.

I looked at the black cloudy sky and words of my brother resonated in my ears “

” a tear that rolled down my cheek coagulated with the first rain drop of the monsoons. Clouds started pouring down cleansing the trivial truths about my origin. The zephyrs of monsoons consoled my little heart that had to conceal the biggest secret of our lives; intensely looking at the murky clouds, I tossed that insignificant book far away from my hand. Somewhere in these terrains, sometime in the past, I thus started believing in one thing; that invincible feeling, called love.

I remained “adopted” all through my life happily.

__END__

