Family Short Story – The last glimpse.

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Mumma, please take me with you, mumma please don’t go”

 “no, ritu. You’re mamma’s good girl, right? Go home then”.

 My seven year old self couldn’t let go of her

 with my favorite doll In hand and my whole body falling

In the form of tears, I rushed to catch a last glimpse of her

 but she had already left.

I looked at my reflection In the mirror and then looked at the picture of her that hung on the wall

 It was the only thing that reminded me that she existed

 same eyes. Same face

 you resemble her, they say

 I wish I could see It myself

 time faded her memories

 the clear one I had was of the day she left me

 the day I saw my mother for the last time

 my grandmother tells me we were a happy family

 my parents loved me, the kind of love I haven’t experienced from the past 10 Years of my life

 the kind of love I don’t even know exists.

 my father died when I turned 6

 I don’t remember his face but I know he loved me a lot

 I remember the way my mother used to cry while I pretended I was asleep

 I remember the way her bright colorful dresses were replaced by dull lifeless clothes

 I remember the way the spark of her eyes turned Into tears

 I remember the way her smile vanished, only to never appear again

 Everyone says she left me for another man

 she left me In this nightmare to live her life like a dream

 she left me alone

 she left me to be called orphan by others

 I don’t know why but all the things I heard about her didn’t lessen my love for her

 I didn’t start hating her

 so what If now, the memories Is all I have of her

 I still don’t believe anyone

 I know, my mother couldn’t do this

 must be some other problem

 she loves me

 maybe she still does

 The only wish I have now, Is to see her face

 to know the reason she left

 to prove everyone wrong

 she must have grown old now

 I know, she must be suffering from the same sadness, the same urge to see me

 after all am her daughter

 I look at her picture and smile

 maybe she’s looking at my picture somewhere else and doing the same

I just cannot believe my eyes

 Is this for real?

 Did I just

 did I just see her?

 I jump at the realization and search for her

 there she was, smiling

 with loose skin and wrinkles

 she was standing there

 yes, they were right

 I resemble her

 this was the kind of happiness I haven’t ever experienced

 I had finally found my mother

 eyes could lie

 but the way I felt,could’nt

 I knew It was her

 I could only be her

 I start walking towards her and thinking about her reaction

 how happy will she be to see me?

 I know, much more than I am

 will she hug me?

 Will she even recognize me?

 Of course, after all, you’re her daughter

 I say to myself and tap behind her back

 “yes” She says

 now I know where I got my sweet voice from

 I don’t know what made the tears escape from my eyes and the next second

 I found myself hugging her

 “mummaa” I say

 she pulls herself back

 she must be shocked think.

 She looked at me with astonishment and

 yes, I see a smile creeping on her face

 “ritu”

 “yes mumma,ritu”

 “god, you’ve become a big girl”

 she says and then hugs me,

 I look Into her eyes and

 I don’t see the happiness

 I don’t see the joy of seeing me

 I don’t see love

tears started falling from my eyes and the first thing I did was ask her

 why did you go,mumma

 she looks at me and then looks down

 and before she could answer, a man comes and starts talking to her

 our eyes meet and he asks my mother who I was

 my mother looks at me, her eyes showing not guilt but embarrassment

 she stands there, without saying a word

 mamta,who Is she?

 the man asks again

 “oh, no one, just an old friend’s daughter. Let’s go, It’s getting late.”

 She says and then looks at me for the last time before holding the man’s hand and turning around

 I stand there for two minutes

 shattered,

 trying hard to accept what just happened

 I see her going away

 holding the man’s hand

 she turned around for once

 or maybe the blurry vision my tears created made me believe so

 She Is going far and far

 away from me

 fading away

 I can’t see her anymore

 I run the fastest I can

 my eyes search for her everywhere

 I stop for once and collapse into the ground

 crying loud enough for the passerby’s to notice

 I look up and there she Is

 smiling, sitting In the car

 the car starts

 I get up and run

 I see her car going

 I run fast

 and before the car leaves my sight, I see her face

 I close my eyes to capture It forever

 this time, I managed to catch her last glimpse.

__END__

