Family Story – WHAT FOR HUSBAND IS IN WOMAN’S LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

“ Don’t suspect your wife, it will not give you anything, rather snatch everything from you and at last you will be of nowhere, you will have to repent over in case anything happens unexpected. I said to Mrinal, one of my fast friends. He said to me -“You don’t know my wife’s habit, the moment I leave for office, she leaves everything at sixes and sevens and goes to Keshav – a young man of merely twenty five years. She sits in front of him and does gossiping hours together. I warn her several times, but she turns a deaf ear to it. I don’t understand what she gets in from him. A woman particularly she is alone in house and I also leave her alone. She , in fact, should remain in the house, should not go anywhere. I don’t understand what for she goes there (a quarter nearby) as and when she is relieved of household work. ”

 “ May be she becomes tired of working. You have two school going boy and girl. She gets up early in the morning, washes the house, washes the utensils, arranges for their dresses and school bags, make them ready, prepares and serves breakfast, keeps tiffin in their lunch boxes, Mrinal Babu! still something important is left behind – she takes the wards to the bus stop – nearly three hundred meters from your quarter. Till then you are in the bed and sneering as if you have no duty and responsibility to help your wife in her work. Isn’t it ? ” – I said to him.

 “ Of Course. But tell me how you know all these activities of my wife?”

 “ My wife is a good friend of yours. They meet in the shop of gas agency dealer near Canara Bank. It takes time to take the delivery of gas cylinder. They wait together and exchange their views on different topics. During the course of discussion they know all about each other. At night before going to bed my wife discloses everything about you, your wife, children and all matters of your house and beyond that. Doesn’t your wife talk to you about ours?”

 In fact I don’t get time to sit with her. Even at night I don’t get time to sleep with her on the same bed. I came eating, drinking and being merry. I don’t want her to know that I drink wine. Audit is in full swing, I am in charge, have responsibility on my shoulder to get the accounts audited and get a satisfactory report from the audit team. I have to associate with them in dinner too. I reach my house late at night almost every day, even on Sunday when I take them to a nearby worth seeing places like Maithon Dam, Panchet Dam, Usri Fall, Bhatinda Fall etc. When I reach my house, it is about eleven or eleven thirty, I am totally exhausted, tired of exertion, I find my wife awaiting. She knows I have to take meal with the auditors as a sort of courtesy. I go to bed immediately in another room adjacent to my wife’s.”- Mrinal Babu replied.

 “ Is it justified that after coming from office you leave the house uncared, you take tea and refreshment and go out for hours together? Has your wife asked you any day, any time as to where you go and what you do regularly for a long time. ”- I asked him.

 No, she has never asked me. Once her friend, Anita queried her what for her husband, Mrinal Babu goes out every day in the evening. Why doesn’t you ask him?

 Do you want to know what your wife replied to her friend?

 Why not?

 She said to her, “ My husband is overloaded with work in the office, he is tired, totally exhausted when he returns from office. He goes out to gossip or entertain with his colleagues, what of that? I don’t mind it nor do I put any question. I am a good wife as he says and want to remain a good wife in order to please him. You know,it is the sheer duty of every married woman to please her husband at any cost. If I do, what is the wrong in it?

 Why don’t you say him to help you in the household work?

 Not too much work, why should I disturb him unnecessarily?

 At least tell him to take the boy and girl to the bus stop.

 My children are cordially attached to me since birth, they want me to accompany them to the bus stop, none others even father.

 Moreover I feel relaxed. When they shake their hands out from the window, when I reciprocate in the same manner, my joy knows no bound as if the whole tiredness of the day is vanished. They read in class five and three, tender as rose petals, I, in fact, don’t want to leave this duty to anyone, even to my husband.

 I walk a pretty long distance every morning which keeps me fit and healthy. Moreover a little bit morning exercise helps me in discharging my household work efficiently & effectively. I don’t expect more from my husband than what he does for me. Just see, the moment he gets his salary, he gives his pay slip to me to know what amount of his salary is. He got rupees forty thousand as bonus, he has reported me and asked me to buy anything I like for me and my children. I said, “No.”

 I am lucky to get such a good life partner. I am proud of him. Merely one bad habit that he has had doesn’t mean he is worse than yours. He is better in so many ways, from so many angles.”- she said.

 The days are happily passed but the night bites her like a hound, at midnight when her eyes are wide open, she feels thirsty, but water cannot quench her thirst she is feeling inside her sex depth something essential to satisfy her sexual desire. Her husband looks very sincere in all respect but his heart as well his mind is not within his control, they are mortgaged somewhere else with someone he was entangled with. No way out he had to attend her without fail. She was a staff nurse working in a nearby hospital. He returned late in the night. Shruti opened the door and found him totally exhausted, no strength to stand straight, went to his bed room and whatever served, took casually and slept sneering within a few minutes. Shruti was at a loss to decide what to do with that habit of her husband. The second habit he slept late hours in the morning. He staring at her wife asked her to make warm water ready for his bath and breakfast too, he would leave for office within an hour. His husband never asked about the children nor did she complain to him as to how she was managing the whole household work. The children went to bed by nine every day. She remained alone awakening till her husband returned.

On one Sunday in the morning she when found his husband quite free and relaxed requested him not to go anywhere, but to remain in the house and see the homework of the children, sit down with them, talk to them, play with them indoor games like luddo, carom board, chess, Mario in computer etc. but her husband was puzzled those days as auditing was in full swing, no time to breathe even.

 Sex is as essential as food and drink, it can be avoided for a few days, for a few months, but not for a longer period. For man it is easy to graze anywhere, everywhere in city or in town or even in rustic areas, greeneries ( prostitution or red light areas ) are there to greet such people to satisfy sexually on payment. But for household woman it is too difficult to go outside . If a suitable opportunity is there it is available in and around her residence or where she works or goes for a certain job only, it is possible that she may be entangled with whom she meets frequently. Miyan bivi raji to kya karega kaji ( If husband and wife agree to, what the Kaji can do ) is a very popular proverb. In case the man and the woman agree to do it, none can stop it.

 Shruti used to go to nearby quarter as and when her household work was over, over in the sense that she had no work at all in hand to carry out.

 Keshav was data entry operator in store. He was living alone in his quarter. He was a jolly man – always innocent smile glows on his face.

 In the evening show he had seen a film in fame in Big Bazaar. It was a story totally based on love, romance and sex. He was extremely stimulated to see the romantic scenes in the movie. He came back after taking meal in the canteen. He switched on the TV. Here also some romantic serial was going on. It was nine O’ clock. He had left the gate and the bed room door quite open in the anticipation that Shruti would come without fail , inasmuch as she was very punctual. As expected Shruti entered washing her sweat drops on her forehead. Keshav stood up to greet her with usual smile on his lips. He couldn’t help embracing her under his arms, kissed her madly and took her on the bed.

 Shruti didn’t object, kept quite calm and quit. Shruti also was excited and surrendered to Keshav. Both enjoyed each moment for the first time with each other. So much pleasure Shruti felt out of the indulgent that she forgot all stress and strain she had had out of the pressure of household work.

 It was ten thirty and her husband was expected to reach the quarter positively by eleven. She rushed to her quarter. Mrinal Babu entered totally exhausted after an hour. Shruti looked happier than proper that time. She served the meal to him with smiling face. She asked how his auditing was going on and how many days further it would take to finish. Mrinal Babu replied most probably it would be finished within a fortnight, till then she should bear it and wait for him till late in the night about eleven or twelve.

 OK, I will, no problem.

 As per the routine she finished the whole household work happily and after the children slept, she left for Keshav’s quarter. Keshav was waiting for her impatiently and with enthusiasm.

 They enjoyed themselves as a newly married couple. While departing with, Keshav caught hold of her hand tightly, urged to stay a little more, but Shruti begged his pardon and assured him to make up of what remained unfinished.

 Shruti rushed to her quarter. It was eleven and luckily Mrinal Babu didn’t reach. She breathed happily for the moment.

 Mrinal Babu though came very late at eleven thirty, surprisingly found his wife awaiting, by that time she was never awakening, slept with her children.

 Mrinal Babu asked. “ What’s matter, you are wakening tonight, for what, feeling well or something wrong with you. I find all the things lying scattered here and there,…? You have no time to keep these things properly, left uncared, went somewhere else in haste and thought after coming you would arrange, but didn’t get the time as I entered just after you. Your face indicates of your mind. You are indulged in something unusual, something unjust, something … ?

 Sit with me, have a cup of tea and relax. Here I am not going to audit what my lovely wife is hatching these days.

 Be free from my side. Auditors are watch dog, not grey hound that will strangle you to death.

 I know you work very hard from sunrise to sunset and I am such a cruel husband that I cannot share your load of work, even do not see the home work of my children. I feel shy, I feel sorry, I feel demoralized and what not?

 One day or the other you will know the reasons for all that … ?

 That night Mrinal Babu slept with his wife face to face, kissed her. Shruti didn’t object what her husband was doing unusually. She shrieked her whole body to a full stop, now no commas, semi colons were there. She remembered the days of her young age at twenty three when she was married and living for a couple of days in Sasural, after that she came to co-operative colony with her husband. Her husband from the very day of honey moon was using some sex stimulating capsule and after taking it, he did not remain a man, but turned into an animal. This continued for about a year and she became pregnant. She gave birth to twin babies. During the period of pregnancy she did not permit her husband to do sex with her.

 Mrinal Babu searched a lady, a staff nurse of a nearby hospital who allowed him to stay with her till the mid night. Here also he was using the capsule he had with him for stimulation. The continual use of the capsule weakened his sexually related organs of the body.The nurse hinted Mrinal Babu that he had become impotent since then. Mrinal Babu had never thought of it. He was more shocked than surprised. For a man to become impotent is the saddest part of his life.

 Later he consulted sexologist but of no avail. The doctor told him clearly that even the capsule he was using for artificial stimulation wouldn’t work.

 Mrinal Babu remained disturbed whole day. He was so depressed that he couldn’t sleep properly at night. He was so perplex even in the office that he didn’t behave normally with his colleagues and even with the seniors.

 His wife, Shruti was in her parent’s house when she was informed that her husband was admitted to hospital in serious condition. The medicines he was taking had reacted on his body as well as in mind. Getting the news she rushed to hospital. As approached to him, he was found sleeping. She sat beside his head and touched his forehead and washed it. She called him by name she used to address him, Mrinal Babu recognizing her wife’s voice, slowly and slowly opened his eyes, looked at her as if he were unknown to her, not recognizing who she was and for what she had come there. Gradually with the utmost care taken by the doctors and nurses Mrinal Babu was recovered in a fortnight and discharged with necessary advice and the precaution to be taken until and unless he was recovered completely.

 Shruti was very much worried about her husband’s health. She was taking proper care all the time. Mrinal Babu was on medical leave for three months.

 Now she came to know that her husband has become impotent with the excessive use of sex stimulating medicines. She also came to know that he went to nurse’s quarter and there he stayed, took meal and wine and after that they saw the blue films for hours together. The nurse was also impotent with the continuous use of birth control tablets.

 Shruti didn’t have courage to ask her husband and get the news she had got from one of the maid servant working in the house of the nurse late hours in the night in preparing meal for them. Secondly she was herself indulged in love affairs with Keshav. She had had illicit relationship with him too. Such matter doesn’t remain secret for a long time rather in due course spread like jungle fire the result of which goes one ear to another.

 When Mrinal Babu was in the office, one of his close friends came and sat beside him.

 What’s the matter you are very serious about something you want to say to me?

 Don’t take it otherwise, but what I will disclose is true as death.

 Don’t hesitate, tell me clearly.

 Your wife, about whom you say with confidence that she is very loyal to you, is indulged in badly in love affairs with Keshava, your neighbour.

 I don’t believe. She is very sincere, obedient and loyal too. Quite unbelievable!

 It’s true what you say, but you are behind it.

 How do you say?

 I’ve sufficient reasons to say. You are too unable to satisfy your wife these days, I mean to say since last one or two years. You are now impotent and regularly go to the nurse’s quarter, eat there, drink there and see the blue films with her .I have sufficient evidences with me, even eye witnesses.Now tell me whether I am right or wrong.

 You are right. I feel guilty. I am responsible for all such unusual affairs. I can’t blame my wife. She is innocent as lamb. I shouldn’t have married a woman – Shruti so sober- so gentle, so obedient, so loyal, so hard working and what not?I am very ashamed of what I did in life.

 Don’t repent over the past. Stop going to the nurse, she will leave going to Keshava. Tell your weaknesses to your wife and request her to forget Keshava. Everything would be normal gradually. Don’t flee away from telling the truth and asking apology to conceal the reality for such a long time from her keeping her in dark that you were busy in auditing and accounts closing. Everyone knows it was none of your duty as you work in Personnel Department as Office Assistant.

 Truth is truth and there is no substitute of truth. Mrinal Babu finding no way out to argue further, confessed his fault.

 They went to canteen and had tea together and left for their quarters.

 Mrinal Babu was so depressed with what his friend said to him, nothing was untrue in it. That night he talked to his wife and children, kissed them, embraced then with love and affection.

 At night when the children went to bed in another room, he asked apology for what he did with her whole life, told a lie, kept in dark, had illicit relationship with another woman, thus did offences many times.

 Shruti said to him, “ No serious matter for me, still in my eyes you are a respectable husband. I have also done wrong, deceived you, lost your trust , you know everything but has never complained, please excuse me also, I swear, it will not be repeated again.” Everything was settled amicably between the wife and the husband.

 They slept together whole night. When Shruti got up, she didn’t find Mrinal anywhere. She went to the upstairs – to the first floor. She found him hanging with the rope she had tied on the roof for drying the wet clothes. She came down and called her neighbours and informed about it. The doctor was called in who declared him dead.

 In the morning at about seven when I was shaving, Nandu came in. He was breathing heavily and looked nervous.

 I asked, “ What’s the matter?”

 Mrinal Babu has committed suicide by hanging in upstairs’ room. The doctor was called in who declared him dead.

My dear readers now it is the time for you to think as to how it has happened and why it has happened and who is the responsible for such a tragic end of Mrinal Babu’s life over and above how Shruti and her children will live and lead without him. There is a problem , but for every problem there is a solution in human’s life. Shruti will marry Keshav whom she loves most and live with him happily. With the pace of time she will forget Mrinal Babu – her husband too. It is nothing but go of the world.

***

 Writer: Durga Prasad, Gobindpur, Bich Bazar, Dhanbad

 Date: 23rd. December 2014, Day: Tuesday.

****

