Family Short Story – My best Friend – My Brother

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 7.15 in the morning the city is buzzing with traffic, everyone are on their way to school, office and the sun was at its best, there I was sitting on the bike weeping and telling myself that whatever my mom told me on the phone was not true and my brother is fine, however I could still hear my Mother crying and telling me that My brother is admitted in the hospital for chest pain and he is not responding, My husband was riding the bike with too many things going around his mind.

Two days earlier, It was around 12’0 clock in the afternoon, I was standing by my balcony and gazing the streets outside as I just woke up after I completed my 12 hour night shift and was thinking what to cook for the day. As always it is a big task for the married ladies to decide on their lunch menu. There he was entering my street with his stylish black Sports bike. 6.2 feet tall, perfect body with his new hair style. My younger brother whom I have always had a special bond since childhood, although we were very close during our child hood days, my marriage with my husband had distanced our relationship. But we try to make it up whenever we get time since he was my best friend.

My brother was a naughty child and he always had reasons when he came to see me after I got married; I was his personal bank account like all brothers and sisters, but as days went by, I started to feel that my brothers comes to see me only for money and he never loved me. This slowly grew in my mind and I could not stop thinking about it.

On 9th of October 2010, he came home, he looked disturbed and I could see that he was hesitant to ask money from me. I did not realize that he was my only brother and It is my responsibility to help him whenever needed. With most hesitation he asked me 1000K to pay for his project, since he was an engineering student. I gave the money however with my face long. I was telling myself that my brother does not love me and he comes to see me just for the money. I was asking myself that when this will get over.

He left after collecting the money, but I could tell from the look of his face that he knew what I was thinking about him and he wanted to tell me that he will not disturb me anymore once he is done with his studies but he left my house without uttering a word.

With all these images flashing in my mind, I realized that my phone was ringing; it was my uncle on the other line who gave me the most shocking news of my life. Yes! My only little brother passed away due to stroke. I lost my balance for a second and was about to fall from the running bike, My husband had to hold me in one hand and we rode to the hospital.

There he was my one and only brother, who I always thought as my biggest support, in spite of whatever misunderstanding we had, end of the day he was my only brother and I knew he would take care of me always is lying still on the hospital bed.

On October 12th around 7.45 in the morning he passed away, after all the formalities were over, we were going through his stuff and I found my school days photo in his wallet, I felt so small about thinking so low and I did not even realize how much he loved me until then. Its been 3 years now and there is not a day that I go to sleep without thinking about him and regretting for what I have done and thought about him. I know he is always there next to me and I feel his presence everyday.

__END__

