Family Short Story – Emotions Untold

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Wake up Rahul it’s time to revise for your exam today”.

The alarm rang sharply at 5 am in the morning. Rahul kept his father’s voice as alarm ringtone to feel his presence near him. He reminded the last time when his father,Srinivas, woke him up to go out for shopping.

Rahul always wished to be at home with his parents though he was not a home sick. Rahul’s father was admitted in hospital, two days ago, as his sugar level was abnormal. His mother, Kalyani, hadn’t told anything about this to Rahul.

It was 10 am in the morning. Rahul was all set to take up his final semester exam and also excited to go home for holiday. After completing the exam Rahul rushed to his room without waiting for his friends to discuss how difficult the exam was.When he was about to enter his room, his phone rang.

Sweet Amma” (Sweet mother) calling

Rahul: Hello mom !! How are you ? How is father?

Mom: We are fine dear. Did you have lunch ? How was the exam ?

Rahul: No mom I didn’t have yet. I have done well. I am coming to home tonight,Mom.

Mom: No dear. You wait in the railway junction itself. I’ll pick up you there. Dad wants to ask you what you wish in person.

Rahul : But Mom why should I come there. Let’s talk at home.

Mom: You come to junction and ring me. See you there.

(Call disconnected abruptly)

Rahul perplexed why his mom phoned him in the afternoon.She usually phone Rahul in the night to check him whether he had proper food.

At the time the sun sets Rahul was in train,travelling to Coimbatore from Chennai. “Dad wants to ask you what you wish” . The only thing that was running into the mind of Rahul.

Rahul spoke to himself and switched on the voice recorder.

Dear Dad I want to say you something. Something that is special between us. Whenever you hear this you would feel that your son is matured.

When I was young we used to go to a garden near our house where there were variety of plants. I found something strange in a plant that doesn’t have flowers. I was amused to see even after the special care of the gardener this plant was unproductive. I asked you, Is there any problem with the plant ?

You replied, “Dear Son, The problem is not with the plant. It’s in your mindset. Not all the plants give flowers. This is a type of fern and these plants are consumed by tropical people. Everything is unique. It depends on how you see it. There is no point in comparing an elephant and a monkey when it comes to climb a tree. It doesn’t mean that elephant is not capable of doing any job. It means the elephant is in the wrong place”.

A child starts its life as a blank paper. No matter what you scribble on it, it will remain till it’s disposed. As a father you never let me to scribble something and to lead a normal life or you chosen the way to dictate me either. You parented me to construct my own path. With all the good words,You are my teacher and I am your student. A teacher whose primary job is parenting. A teacher who made me realize ” Education starts from home ” . Education has no syllabus like we have in our school or college. And I still remember the words you told me when I tried to dress up like you.

” A child not only resembles his parent in appearance but also character” . When I heard these words I felt you within me. This is the point where I started to think upon constructing my own path of life that will make you a proud father one day.

Rahul felt asleep and woke up hearing a beep sound at 5 am next morning. A text message from his mother read,

” Hi Rahul. You come directly to People hospital. I’ll be waiting for you there. Love you.

Though Rahul got panicked he didn’t try to call her mom thinking she might be taking rest. When Rahul got entered into the hospital his mom was waiting for him.

Hi dear, How are you ? How was your journey ? asked Rahul’s mom.

Mom,please tell why are you here. Where is dad?

Before she was about to explain,the nurse interfered.

Did your son come? Doctor wants to meet him, asked nurse in a hurrying voice.

Undecided about what’s happening Rahul walked just like creeping inch by inch,with shivering hands.

The nurse asked Rahul to be seated at the waiting lounge.There was a T.V in mute mode at the left side top.The space was half filled with nurses moving here and there as if they are rushing to catch the mid-night train. There was an opened room at the right side corner. As Rahul heard some strange sound he walked into the room where he found his father struggling to get up from bed.

Rahul with full of tears holding his father’s arms and made him sit on the chair.

What happened to you dad ? Why are you so sick ? Why didn’t you inform me that you are sick ? asked Rahul in a dejected voice.

Your dad is all right,Son. I felt asleep and had a dream where I saw you passing the room. I tried to call you by your name. But I couldn’t. So I woke up to stop you. Look I am completely all right. Let’s go to our house tonight and have a peaceful sleep, replied Rahul’s father.

It was really moved Rahul burst out into tears over and over. Meanwhile,Rahul was asked to meet the doctor before he could share his emotions with his father.

It was like a miles walk to Rahul though it was just few feet away. Doctor was straight to the point.He checked whether Rahul was aware of the fact that his father developed weak kidneys due to high diabetes and now he requires kidney transplantation.

We have to look for a perfect match of kidneys, a donor, to replace your father’s kidneys, the doctor added.

Before the doctor could finish Rahul started to walk out. He took a blank paper from reception as if he was decided something. He went into the room where his father was admitted and sat at the corner so that his father wouldn’t see him. He wished to express himself on the blank paper as he and his father hardly shared emotions.

My Dearest Father,

You are not the same as yesterday. Whenever you said your hip is paining I didn’t realize it’s due to infected kidneys. When I saw bottles of tablets with picture of kidneys inside your table drawer I didn’t realize the severity of the situation. Now I realized only one thing.

The life I live now,

The education I pursue now,

The peacefulness and degree of security I have now is come by putting your life under risk. I realized how you paid my school fee,college fee and all my daily expenses.

How easily you overshadowed your emotions only for the sake of me ?

You could have treated this problem at the right time. But you were standing in queue to pay my college fee.

Well ! This would be a father’s sacrifice for his son. But I need better. I may be greedy but I need you till I breathe my last. I need you to lie on your chest hearing your heart beat.

Doctors told that it’s difficult to find a donor. Mom said that you want to know what I wish.  Now I would like to say my wish.

“To be the best father you have made all the sacrifices.

You are the best

And to be the best son

I wish I would do this sacrifice”.

As every son wishes his father to be healthy this 19 years old son wishing to be your “DONOR”. I wish I would if the match is perfect (regarding kidneys).

I just want to lie on your chest and hear your heart beat everyday. As a Son,As a Good Friend, As a donor.

__END__

