The morning was super bright and sunny like always. I love and hate this sunny morning. I love it because I don’t like the cold weather which makes the whole day so dull and boring for me. I don’t like it because I have migraine. I lived with migraine my entire life. It started after I got married. I get serious looks from my husband for not mentioning it before we got married, though for several times I told him I never had it before marriage. He has some serious issues with my migraine. The main thing being ‘Brain Fog’. Its so funny sometimes but at times it makes him too frustrated. We laugh on it together once my migraine is gone. My brain it is a super complicated machine. When migraine triggers in I just forget everything every few seconds. I know that I am not that dumb to forget and keep looking for my specs when they are right on the top of my head, at least not yet at the age of 28. That happens when I have a migraine attack. Today is one such day.

Its Saturday I am happy I don’t have to be on my way to work with this terrible headache. Sometimes I don’t think my boss believes me when I say, I want a leave because of headache. He thinks that I am a ten-year-old kid who keeps looking for excuses to avoid school. Not everyone understands what a migraine headache is, its like someone hitting with a hammer on one side of your head (I so want to do that to my boss when he says, “how many days you have headaches usually?”).

I did not want my husband to know that I am having a migraine attack today because last night we had a fight.  It is his parent’s anniversary and my parent’s anniversary too today. He wanted us to go to their parents place today and I wanted to go to my place. We talked, argued and then dozed off to sleep without any plan for the day. I am so happy that we weren’t talking today I don’t have to explain him why I am going back to sleep although I just got up at 10 in the morning. I see breakfast on the table.  I quickly eat some and I was about to go into my room.

Can you please open the door, says our door bell. It’s the first week of April and there is some milk bill or paper bill that needs to be paid, I walk to the door thinking I would ask them to come the following week. To my surprise I find my in laws and parents at the door. My husband all excited checks my face to see how his surprise was, if it was some other day I would be really delighted for this pleasant surprise but today is not any other day, Migraine day. I must see how I survive this storm.

I know this would start but this soon I didn’t expect. Its high time you have kids we want grandchildren to play with. Except my husband and me everyone else in the room is ready for kids. I excuse myself saying I got a new saree and would bring it to show them. The topic now is how the saree is turning out to be the new age fashion again. I go inside the bedroom I feel like lying down for some time, an hour of sleep my migraine would be gone. I get on to the bed and I hear my mom shout how long you would take to bring your saree. Then I realize why I came into the room. I give them a fake smile, not telling them I totally forgot that they were there and waiting for me to bring them their topic of discussion.

My head started to spin very hard unlike the regular migraines this is different I am pretty sure I am about to pass out. I was about to hand over the saree to my mom instead the saree drops down on to the floor along with me. I just collapse on the floor. I open my eyes on the bed of a hospital which smells so gross. I have everyone by my side and I tell my mom not to panic that it’s just a migraine and I am going to be okay.

Everyone in the room starts laughing, except my husband who immediately asks me “what you are having your migraine headache today?”.

I somehow managed without letting him know and I was so proud about it. My dad kisses me on the forehead and tells me that I would make a great mom. This feeling is so good I loved it.  My head stopped hurting my heart began to feel the joy. I look at him and he still seems worried.

“what’s wrong with you? I know we didn’t plan for this but don’t worry I think we will be fine.”  

He starts to speak “No I am just worried if this migraine is hereditary”.

I couldn’t stop laughing and so did everyone else in the room.

–END–

