Family Short Story – Drown

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a pleasant day in June when people gathered around. It was a day meant to be enjoyed, thoroughly taken in, but despite, everyone gathered around.

There were hushed cries and muffled whispers. Some were pitying, some were emotionless. I silthered into the crowd, past the people to see for myself. They gathered around the corpse of a man unknown to anyone. In the crowd of twenty-six, none knew who this man was.

I looked at the person carefully– my eyes scanning his face, trying to match it with someone I might have known but I came up with nothing. I just stood there, a sundry body amongst many, thinking where he’d come from. I heard someone say he was pushed off the bridge. Others say he jumped off himself. The latter being for real. I just stood there, waiting for someone official to come. I wondered why no one was checking for breath or life. Maybe someone already did, I thought.

After some time, someone called for a priest. He was dressed in his robes with a band of purple hanging from his shoulders. He bent on his knees and made a prayer for him. It was only now that I noticed the corpse. He was looking peaceful, no lines marred his forehead, or cloud hung over him. The water from his jacket was still slowly finding its way back to the river. The priest, unwillingly, checked his pockets for some identification, so that he could name him in the prayer. He found, amongst nothing, a damp envelope.

“Read it, Father.”

A voice broke through the stillness. I was shocked to find it was actually I who said those words. I didn’t know why I uttered those words, even though they weren’t the first of my thoughts. But as I said it, I thought of the poor man lying cold and dead, unidentified.

“He shouldn’t have to die in such a way,” someone else said.

“Yes, Father, read it. Tell us who he is.”

Hesitantly, the Father carefully opened the envelope, trying hard not to tear it. The letter was smudged yet readable.

“

,” the Father said aloud.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I just stood there. I did nothing and felt absolutely nothing but dread. I saw the crowd dissipate but I just stood there, stunned as I looked at the corpse, and all that he had been through. His face was decisive in ways because none could have imagined at he was so sorrowed.

It was the look on his face– pleasant and at peace, that shook me to the core. He drowned in the water, but to tell you the truth, he was already drowning in the pain of losing his daughter to carelessness and then his wife to the sorrow and then finally, himself to hopelessness.

It wasn’t just gravity that drowned him, it was the weight of the whole wide world resting quietly atop his head.

__END__

