It was a Sunday evening. Tia was forcing her mother to take her to the park. Mother being an IT professional and working for 10 hours a day preferred to take rest. But, Tia was a stubborn child. She had to be as she was the only child and was growing up in a nuclear family where all her wishes were fulfilled by her mother and father. However, the only thing Tia couldn’t get much was her parent’s time. She convinced her mother that day to take her to the park. The park was fully equipped with colorful slides and swings.

While Tia was playing on the slides mother chose to sit in a quiet corner under the tree and started working on her phone. Tia wanted her mother to watch her play and find it amusing but mother was not interested to do so. While playing Tia was observing other children too. They seemed to be happy. Most of the kids were accompanied by their grandparents. The grandparents were involved in the play and were also appreciating every act of their grand kids.

Tia suddenly started getting bored and reached a stage where she no longer wanted to play in the park. While she was about to leave there was a small pat on her shoulder. She looked behind. There was an old fellow smiling at her. Tia smiled back too. He started telling her how brilliantly she balanced herself on the slide and how quickly she climbed the pole. She got thrilled at the idea that somebody was watching her play and was amused by her acts. She went back to the slides and started playing again in the hope that the old fellow would watch her again and would get amused and he did!

From distance mother could just see Tia looking at someone and waving.  She got curious and started walking towards her. Then she saw the old fellow talking to Tia and suddenly got furious. Without thinking for a bit mother yelled at Tia and asked her not to talk to strangers.

Tia instantly replied “He is my grandpa”. Mother was shocked, she looked at the old fellow with a question mark on her face. Old fellow smiled at her and said “I saw this little girl playing alone and looking for some attention, she did not get any as you were busy on your phone. I understood her pain as I was alone and looking to give attention. I have all the time in this world as my children are settled out of this country. I come here every day and look for children who need attention. I treat them as my grandchildren and try to give as much love and attention as I could”.

Tears rolled down her mother’s eyes and she kept her phone in the bag and hugged Tia tightly.

–END–

