Funny Story – THE DEAD HUSBANDS

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Murugan is sentenced.” The post man said.

Revati is Murugan’s wife. She is fainted.

Revati’s younger sister Ramalakshmi has broke down.  She is trying to console Revati.

“Getup sister and eat something. Losing husband is unbearable, I know that.” Ramalakshmi said.

Revati did not answer. She is sobbing heavily. Being a widow is a curse. Who will look after her children? The question is lingering around in her mind as unanswered.

They live in Thoppuvalasai near Ramanathapuram -Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu.

-2-

 

“Ganesh is burnt live with the boat. It is unbearable cruel act of coast guards.” The post man said.

Ramalakshmi  is Ganesh’s wife. She is unconscious in the corner of the house.

Ramalakshmi’s elder sister Revati broke down.  She is trying to console Ramalakshmi.

“Getup sister and eat something. Losing husband is unbearable, I know that. You know, I too lost my husband Murugan, The life of a woman is full of wows, my sister.” Revati said.

Ramalakshmi did not answer. She is sobbing heavily. Being widow is a curse. Who will look after her children? The question is lingering around in her mind unanswered.

They live in Thoppuvalasai near Ramanathapuram -Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu.

-3-

One day post man came hurriedly. He is one who reads News Paper and educates villagers with the latest news.

Ramalakshmi is pounding rice.

“Your elder sister’s husband is not dead. His death sentence is cancelled and president has granted mercy on him. He will come home soon. Tell your elder sister Revati about this happy news.” The Postman said.

Ramalakshmi gave the post man a glass of buttermilk. The Postman went away.

“My elder sister is lucky. Let her husband come home, she will know then. Why should I say this now to my elder sister Revati?”

Ramalakshmi thought that her elder sister will show more pity on her when she knows this. Let her wait till her husband comes, she thought. She kept this happy news unknown in the family and did not tell her elder sister.

-4-

One day the post man came hurriedly. Revati is pounding rice.

“Your younger sister’s husband Ganesh is not dead. He escaped from the burning boat, swam and took shelter in a Russian ship. Russian government released an order to send Ganesh safely to India. Ganesh will be home in a week or ten days. Tell this happy news to your younger sister Ramalakshmi.” The Postman said.

Revati gave the post man a glass of buttermilk. The Postman went away.

“My younger sister is lucky. Let her husband come home, she will know then. Why should I say this now to my younger sister Ramalakshmi?” Revati thought.

Revati felt that her younger sister will show pity on her when she knows this. So she kept this news hidden. She kept this happy news unknown in the family and did not tell her younger sister

-5-

One day, Murugan and Ganesh returned home together putting hands on the shoulders of each other.

Everybody in the house looked at them as if they are looking at two ghosts. How the dead men can come with life is everybody’s doubt.

The Post man said that this happy news of both the fishermen’s safe return is carried to the family long back. He wondered how the news is late to reach their wives and their father and mother like this. The dead husbands are alive. It is but happy news. Everybody is happy.

Both the wives of dead husbands are really happy. They did not let the reality of hiding the news is revealed.

__END__

