Rekha and Raja were married for last 12 years. Their marriage was arranged and solemnized according to the Hindu rituals.

Rekha was an IT professional in Wipro, New Delhi whereas, Raja was also an IT professional in HCL, Noida.

 They have a son, Maulik who’s 8 yrs old. They stay at Savita Vihar, New Delhi.

Rekha is getting a better package in contrast to Raja. She has a habit of flaunting her salary quite often! Raja is little subdued, and he takes things lightly as he loves her wife from the core heart. Rekha comes in contact with her senior, Karan who’s a bachelor. Their regular meetings turn out to be love angle. Karan takes her to dates and showers love and affection.

Raja, on the other hand, is a loyal husband, he would prepare evening meal for his family, and wait for the dinner until she turned up.

This March, while having dinner, Rekha confesses that she is in love with a guy, and their relation has taken a new height. On hearing this, Raja laughed, thinking it to be a joke. But when she indicated that the love is serious and she wanted divorce from Raja; Raja’s body was cold. He couldn’t believe in darest of his dreams that a woman who has been his life partner for 12 years could give him a big shock. He pleaded and cried, but Rekha was adamant to leave him. She also indicated him that she’ll take their son too. That whole night was a deadly night full of horrors. Few weeks later, she left the house with her belongings including jewelry and cash.

Raja was totally broken apart. He started excess drinking and fell prey to sleeping pills. On the other hand, Rekha was having leisure life with Karan.

A year after, Raja and Rekha separated on mutual consent and their happy life which existed came to an end.

Inference: Marriage is knot which is tied in the auspicious fire, in Hindus. The rounds taken around the fire is an indication of being loyal, honest and supportive throughout life. The adultery done by any of the partners brings end to the happy married life. The glamour will always wobble your consciousness; how you keep your sanctity, depends on your own balance state of mind.

–END–

 Love n hugs!

 Rajan Mehra

