This story is selected as 

Short Story Indian Arrange Marriage: Late’s Better Than Never

A pyre of dead twigs burnt below the oak tree. The air was reverberating with religious chants . The elaborate ritual had my entire family’s attention and attendance.  I stole a quick glance at my mother. A tear trickled down her crinkly cheeks. I wasn’t sure if it was the fire that had caused it or her despair.

Two hours later, dusk descended on us. It also signaled the end of the ritual. The lone sparrow on the oak tree flew to it’s abode. “Perhaps, it’s time for us to do the same”, I thought.

Once we were back home, mother and father heaved a sigh of relief, in unison. I walked into my room and closed the door behind me. I bawled like a baby. The happenings of the last few days had taken a toll on me. I just couldn’t restrain my emotions. I cried myself to exhaustion. Before I knew it, I had fallen asleep.

“Breakfast’s on the table. Help yourself. I haven’t slept a wink last night”.

The dark bags were very prominent on mother’s face. Her pale complexion only added to the effect. I nibbled a few bits of the toast before dashing off to work.

At work, my thoughts were preoccupied with my personal life. It was in shambles. I hadn’t received a single marriage proposal in months. Mother and Father were distraught. Relatives would snigger at us anytime we’d venture out for a family gathering. My extended family would offer their sympathies to my parents. Some would downright snort at them saying I was way too cocky and hence this fate had befallen my family.

“It will happen when it is willed. We cannot marry off our daughter against her wishes, only to fulfill societal obligations”. Mother always put up a brave front before my extended family.

 

“Why am I not even getting a single proposal?”.

I was angry. Around me, friends were uploading pictures of their newborns and here I was, not even married. Even people at work had started commenting on my relationship status and were flooding me with unsought advice.

“This is getting onto my nerves. Why the hell should I have to get married? I’m better off alone”. Of course I did not mean this. I wanted more than anyone else to get married and settle down . But life just wasn’t playing along.

I was broken off my reverie by the sound of the scurrying feet . It was time to call it a day.

Seven months had passed since I had last met him. I hadn’t heard from him after that evening.

Last week had been extraordinarily difficult for me what with mother breaking down twice over my marriage. Every passing day seemed to be another painful reminder of the fact that I was unmarried.

“Please put an end to all our miseries God. Please. Get something going”.

A week passed uneventfully. Our miseries hadn’t.

Buzz. Buzz. Buzz.

“Yes mother. I’m on my way home. Do you want me to pick up something?”

“Get home quickly”.

My heart skipped a beat. My amble broke into a run. I was trembling when I rang the door bell. Mother opened the door. Her face had lost it’s color. She was trembling too.I braced myself for the worst.

“What is it? Is everything alright?”.

She paused. I shuddered.

“We have received a mail from his family. They want to know if we are still interested in the alliance”.

I was brought to my knees. Mother knelt besides me too. We just hugged each other and then sobbed. Sobbed so inconsolably that even the rain would have blushed seeing the copious tears we had shed. That evening heralded the end of a misery for my mother and I. Tears were our only outlet .

__END__

