Family Short Story – That Moment…

Photo credit: 

 from 

People said, “When your heart is looking for a missing 

 in your life, you have to search for it. You have to find it. No matter where it takes you.” But, what if you get tired of searching? Will you stop thinking ways on how to find the missing pieces in your heart?

In my case, I almost did. It happened years ago. It was during my elementary years. I was the eldest and the only son to my biological father. I have siblings and they were called my stepbrothers. My real mother is not married to my biological father, but he is married to my stepmother.

The day I found out that I am not a real son of my stepmother, I was tongue-tied. I was turning ten years old when she told me. Though, my stepmother was strict and noisy, her attitude was never hidden to me. I experienced beaten by her using a raffia broom. She even pinched my ear whenever I did something wrong or ignored her order.

My stepbrothers that time was two years and four years older from me. They bullied me. One time, when I tried to stop them from fighting each other, they just said, “Why do you care so much about us? You are not even my real brother. Just go away! We don’t want you here.”.

Those words were like small pebbles turned into a big stone thrown in front of me and hits my heart. I only want them to stop.

The same thing happens everyday. All household chores such as cooking rice, washing dishes and clothes, fetching water, and a lot of things at home were my daily routine. I almost give up and decided to run away from home. But, it never happens.

Why? Because of one letter I found written by my real mother. I found it in my father’s room while cleaning. The letter was hidden in his old Ferrari wallet. He must have had kept it in the past. The letter was addressed to me. It was written July 07, 1986.

 

 

The day I found that letter, I was 15 years old. Now, I am 30 years old. It has been 15 years. I was supposed to end my life because of what I experienced from the past, but the letter written by my mother moved me to value life, to withstand amidst uncertainties, and never to forget God to be the center of my whole life.

Though, we never have ever really seen each other, nor crossed our paths, I am still thankful that she gave birth to me. To my loving father who passed away five years ago, I admired his strong will to reject my mother’s decision of aborting me. I will forever cherish him for what he did.

__END__

