This is going to be a story about Sandya , her friends , love  &  life. Read on to know Sandya’s story

Life As I Dream

 

“Do you want anything else?” asked Ragavi

“No . Are you up for a walk? Can we go to juicy before going back to rooms” I asked.

“By all means.  Hey what did that guy ask you while giving the change?” she questioned

“Who that dhaba guy? He asked when our exams will be over” I replied immediately.

“oh-ho. I guess we should add him to the list of guy who fancies you” she shouted

“For the n th time Ragavi I’m not happy at the prospect of dhaba guy, canteen worker, mess-in charge fancying me. Tell me somebody nice and good, I will try to rejoice.” I shouted back.

“Sandya! , when will you learn to cross the road properly? You almost dashed into that bicycle” Ragavi said mockingly.

“One day I will” I replied. We reached main gates of our campus NIT-Trichy. I & Ragavi are doing our MBA first year. Doing a management degree in a college famous for technology, has its own curses. Not many knows NIT’s offer a management degree. But it’s the best college, I was able to get. So do my 60 batch mates.

“Hey look!  see Preethi and Kamesh walking hand-in-hand ”  Ragavi exclaimed.

“What she found a new boy friend? Only last week, she dumped Naresh isn’t” I replied.

“Sandya, what makes you think he is her boy-friend? They can be just friends right?” Ragavi replied sounding irritated.

Problem with Ragavi is she won’t believe that two people are in love unless they come and declare their love for each other in front of her. But I don’t blame her. She hasn’t seen  any lovers in college/school. She has done her schooling in top girl’s school, B.Com in a girl’s college. She has once told me that while going for tuition also, she went in a girl’s batch. So this is the first time, she is studying in the co-education college.  When she has joined the college, she was bit shy talking with the guys. Now she is okay.

“Hi Girlies, Had dinner?”  asked Kamesh.  I noticed, Preethi looking irritated to stop near us. Preethi is our department senior. I guess she hates us for various reasons. Many of our batch girls run to seniors rooms, ask advice, pick up gossip etc. There are few girls who can’t stand our senior girls.  I and Ragavi are certainly in the second category. But anyways senior guys do like us and acknowledge us wherever they spot us.

“Yes.” Replied Ragavi. “Going to juicy now” she added.

“Okay. Catch you later. You only have 45-mins more. Come on Preethi” they both hurried away.

I started walking faster. We have only- 45 minutes more for our hostel gates to close. If we are late, we have to give some explanation to our beloved warden. This is a constant irritation. I mean who loves to come and give night attendance at hostel. Even if we fall asleep by mistake, we have to give some explanation letter next day.  I started to ask something to Ragavi whom I find is trailing behind.

“Dumbo, walk fast” I shouted to Ragavi who was walking very slow watching in some other direction.

“Look that’s Kabita.  She is with a new mysterious guy today” she retorted.

That was Kabita unmistakably with some other guy in the bike. Kabita is our batch mate. She is shy with girls. I have never seen her talking with anybody not even with her roommate Bindu. But she always goes around with guys. She chooses guys who can afford to buy her lunch/dinner, take her around in bike. (Yeah!  Girls are not permitted to use bikes/scooters. Only bi-cycles are allowed)

“That leaves only me” said Ragavi

“What?” I asked. Okay I understood before she answered.

Ragavi is bit worried about not having a boy-friend. In a campus like NIT   it’s hard to find anybody without boy-friend. Especially in our MBA there are very few girls compared to guys. So most girls find boy-friend , within few months of entering campus. There are very few like me and Ragavi who are singles.

“It’s okay Ragavi. Having a boy- friend doesn’t prove anything” I retorted

“You won’t understand, Sandya, You won’t “   said Ragavi. She looks as if she is going to cry. Thankfully we reached juicy ordered our usual Date juice (me) and Papaya juice (Ragavi).

Now I’m irritated. How can Ragavi say I have a boyfriend? I know she means my distance cousin only. But I’m not sure about him.  Am I?  No use arguing about it.

We make it back to hostel before our dead-line. Our hostel-room is as welcoming as home. I have scribbled romantic lines/poems in the wall, which I feel quite proud of. I mean when I have urge to write poems, I don’t care where I write. Bless Ragavi for tolerating me as her room-mate.

Read Next 

 | 

