Life As I Dream

Read Chapter 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

My colleague dropped me at door step around 10.15. I tried my keys, but Vineeth seems to have bolted another lock from inside. I’m ringing the bell for last fifteen minutes, but no response. I tried Vineeth’s mobile, his line is busy. Landline seems to be dead.

Ten minutes later..

No response so far. Neighbor comes out of the house and asks whether I want to come inside their house. I politely declined the offer and waited. Shiela has sent a message asking whether I have reached home safely. What do I answer? What to do? I’m standing at road. Should I take an auto & go to my parent’s house?

In a fit of anger I dialed Vineeth parent’s number in Singapore. It must be one’o clock in the night. But line is busy? Whom are they talking to past midnight? Yes it must be…

I dialed Vineeth’s dad mobile. He answered after a long time.

“Sandya. What happened? Do you know what time….”

“Mama why is your landline busy?”

“Vijaya is talking to…”

“Find out if it is Vineeth on other end…If it is ask him to open the door…”

“Yes it was Vineeth. He will open the door…” he responded after a long time.

“Thanks”

“Sandya…Look why are you late?…”

“Your son has just opened the door. Let me go inside before he locks again. Ask your wife she will know where I have been…And remember if anything happens to me tonight………”

“Sandya….”

I ended the call. Went inside the room & locked it. How can a person not hear doorbell for last one hour? I told him so many times that I’ll be back by ten-thirty. Why was he on phone, not picking my call? He didn’t even bother to check whether I have reached safely? Will he care for me? What protection I have? What if someone has kidnapped or …No I can’t take it anymore.

Vineeth banged the room door for a long time asking me to open it. I didn’t budge. I didn’t sleep too. I called my brother in Australia and told him everything from the beginning.

“Sandya. Look you are calling me after eight months of marriage & giving a list of problems”

“Yes I should have told you before. Everything’s over….”

“You are very emotional today…”

“No I don’t have any emotions left. Probably this is…”

“Don’t take any decisions now.”

“Probably there’s no other option. It got to end today….”

“Take a deep breath…..Now, Please listen to me. Just go home for couple of days. Take any decision after that”

“Do you think Vineeth is going to allow me… He will fight till my energy is drained..I can’t take it any more…”

“No he won’t allow. He will try his best to block you..But please go home..shall I ask appa to come & take you home…”

“No…I will manage…”

“Sandya, I will give a call in one hour… Please go home…You are very emotional now..Don’t take any decision now…”

As expected, Vineeth didn’t allow me to go. We argued for three hours. My brother kept following over phone… And at last I came out of the house.

I slept like a baby for couple of days. Probably rest was all my body needed. I heard the voice of Vineeth, Vineeth’s mom throughout my sleep. I had kept my mobile in silent. I have received around 100 missed calls and most of them are from Vineeth’s parent number in Singapore. As expected,there was not even a call or message from Vineeth. I know he will be angry because I came out of the house. But I need this break. I need a good environment to think clearly.

My mom conveyed that Vineeth’s mom has called them, shouted, cursed for bringing-up a daughter like me. She seems to have told I’m immature. Vineeth’s dad has sent me an e-mail asking me to call when I can.

I discussed for a long time with my parents & brother. My brother insisted on taking things slowly. I was clueless on what to do next.

I could not imagine going back unless the situation promises to improve. I decided to call Vineeth..But I don’t know how he will react. I called his father. He said he is in Chennai now and wanted to meet me. I agreed to meet him in a coffee shop.

“Sandya. Why did you do this? You told me last week things were improving..?why did you spoil it all of a sudden?” he started.

When I didn’t reply for sometime he said “Vineeth is angry with you….he couldn’t digest what’s happening. It’s not good fighting with husband and going back to parent’s house. You have done a mistake…”

“Yes I have done a mistake. I should have done this earlier…”

“Sandya..”

“Stop it. Have you lived in such an environment for a single moment? Last time you said you undertood me, what happened to that now? Just because I do something you don’t expect…I have done a mistake is it? Do you know what your son did on Friday? Any clue? You are talking now, because if I don’t come back house soon, people will start talking about it. …”

“Don’t talk whatever comes to your mouth. Didn’t I help you last time? I did that for you….”

” If at all you want to do something for me…go confront your wife and son. Ask them why they are doing this to me. Can you do that?”

“Okay come home with me. I’ll do that….”

“I’m not coming back till Vineeth realizes what he does. I’m ready to forget .You are portraying as if I have done a mistake. But the one who have actually done everything wrong is your wife & Vineeth. Leave your wife..but Vineeth should realise…”

“you used to call her athai…”

“I just don’t care….I don’t…”

“Relax. You are very tensed….I’ll speak to Vineeth…You want to meet & talk to him?”

“Yes……”

Read Next 

 | 

