Life As I Dream

Read Chapter 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

“Vineeth, I must be going back”

“You still have sometime right”

“Yes but I want to reach early..”

“Sandya….”

“yes..”

“I don’t know how to say this. But still… “

I love you & want to live rest of my life with you. Do you..?” He continued

“Yes I too love you idiot. What took you so long to say this?”

“I don’t know…”

He pulled me closer and kissed me.

“It’s getting late. You better hurry.” He says after a gap of two minutes.

I start walking towards my hostel. Suddenly I turn back, only to find Vineeth is standing in the same place.

“Are you all right?” I Shout

“Yes. I’m.” he replies

I turn to walk towards my hostel. Have I done the right thing? asked my mind. Yes ,Shouted my heart. I felt as if I’m walking in clouds. He called me in couple of minutes and told me that’s what he too is feeling.

Vineeth…Vineeth..Vineeth….

It’s a wonder how a person can walk into your life & become everything. I told about Vineeth to my brother. After enquiring about Vineeth, he asked me to take it slowly & not to rush up into marriage or something. That’s not my plan too. I wanted to get married only three or four years later. He asked me not to inform my parents now; he said he will take care of it that time.

The year flew by. When in love, the time just flies. I spent lot of purple moments with Vineeth in campus, in & around Trichy. Now hardly a month left for final exams and Vineeth will be moving out soon.

Vineeth told about me to his parents and his mom wanted to meet me immediately. I’m going to meet them coming Sunday. I’m bit nervous and want the meeting to go well.

“All ready?” asked Bindu. Today is Saturday & I’m going to meet Vineeth’s parents tomorrow.

“Ready? Am I going to attend an interview? I’m just meeting his parents” I questioned

“You are right. But still I would try to know what she likes and get a good gift for her” explained Bindu

“Mm..I got a Tanjore painting for her. Vineeth told me she would love it.” I replied

Vineeth’s parents are actually here for wedding. They will be halting in Trichy for the night and start by tomorrow morning. Vineeth has planned for us to meet in the evening, so that I can be back to hostel in time. He will be staying with his parents tonight. As agreed, I met Vineeth in the temple inside campus.

“Looks like someone is busy praying” he teased me

“For your Information, I come to temple everyday.”

“Hmmm..”

“How do I look in this dress?” I asked him. I have chosen perfect cotton salwar, accessories, handbag and slippers. As per Bindu & Ragavi I should get ten on ten for my attire.

Vineeth didn’t reply to me & continued driving.”Any idea of replying to me?” I asked him after few minutes.

“I thought you will be in saree. My mom loves very traditional girls, you know”

“When was the last time you saw me in saree? And you told few days back your mom is very modern?”

“Yeah she is quite modern. But I think she will expect her future daughter-in-law to be traditional”

“yeah right” I replied

“Sandya! Look she will like you anyways because I like you. “ he replied sensing my anger.

I was not in the mood to argue. Vineeth cooled me down and I came back to myself.

Read Next 

 | 

