Life As I Dream

 Read Chapter 

 | 

“Where were you guys? I saw you leaving Dhaba almost an hour before.” asked Bindu coming into our room.

“We went for a walk. Come sit down” I said. Bindu loves our room. She likes to spend much time in our room than in her’s. She doesn’t have anybody to talk also. I mean she does have a roommate, Kabita. They are in non-speaking terms and even on their good days Kabita will be on her mobile till two or three in the night.

“Would you massage my hair?” Ragavi asked Bindu thrusting oil bottle in Bindu’s hand without waiting for reply.

Bindu is like sweet elder sister to us. I admire her in all ways. Like she had courage to quit her job of four years and do MBA. The way she refused to get married to any of the guys her father found compatible.  She is around 27; according to her region it’s high time for girls get married.  I hope she gets married to Sanjeev. I mean Sanjeev is not her first boy-friend, but I find the pair lovely. Anyways both Bindu and Sanjeev believe “There is no single love and marriage in life”, so it should not be a problem even if they break-up.

“Excuse-me. I’m getting a call” I said as I started going out of the room.

I came out of the room, for answering the call. It was my mom.  It takes ten minutes for me to finish the call. My parents are in Chennai and it’s the first time I’m staying away from them. So we miss each other. My parents make it a point to call me at least once a day. They are worried coz I will fall in love, elope somewhere to marry somebody. Blimey, some astrologer told them I will do so! One of my not so favorite aunts seems to have suggested my mom to stop my studies and marry me off.  I’m happy my parents are not that crazy.

When I enter back to room, I find Bindu and Ragavi sipping coffee. There’s a cup for me also. Actually the food is crap in our hostel; we keep eating so many snacks and drink coffee to keep our energy level up.

“Guess what!, My brother is coming to India next week” I said

My eldest brother is very close to me. I miss him a lot, after he went to Australia. Now he is coming here to take his wife and kid back home.

“I’m going to Chennai, next weekend. Will take couple of days more leave also” I declared.

“No you cannot take further leave. We have a summer placement interview on Monday” Ragavi shot back.

Oh god. I forgot that. Anyways I hope I will be able to make to Chennai that weekend. Problem with our course is we will get case-study work, assignment work all of a sudden. There is no choice except to work on weekend. That too by the way grades have plunged low, I have no choice. Also I love working on case-studies, preparing a presentation etc.  Few of them are quite challenging actually.

We talked for some more time and I slept. I don’t stay up late nights. I know I’m a misfit for hostel but I do wake up quite early. I wake up around 4.30 in the morning that time no soul will be awake in hostel. I used to go for walk. Few days Bindu will join me, else I go alone.

That day being a Saturday I wake-up around six. Ragavi is sleeping like a baby. I gear up myself for walk. It was difficult on first few days to wake up without a coffee. Now I got used to that.

I went to the ground. There are many guys running around, training for various sporting events. Breeze is too cold. Wow I enjoy morning walks. I take my own time on Saturdays. Tea will not be ready till seven fifteen in hostel and there is no hurry to get ready for class.  I went straight to the mess. I message Bindu. Bindu & Ragavi arrives at mess.  Typically like every Saturday morning, we discuss about guys. Bindu has a boy friend and all that, but she doesn’t mind discussing about guys. Ragavi is taking about Sujay. She has a thing for him. It’s good he is a dancer also because Ragavi is a good dancer. Sujay is in dance group for NITTFEST and Ragavi is really looking forward to it. I discuss about my cousin Ananth.  Ananth is my distant cousin working in Delhi. He is a civil – engineer. He calls me every day for some weird reason which I find bit odd. After three cups of tea, we decide to retire to our rooms.

Around eleven I &Bindu go to library for team meeting. Our class is divided into ten teams for internal evaluation. We have to prepare case- studies etc as a team at least that’s the way it supposed to be. Actually in reality only two or three person prepares, others just get the idea from us.  Bindu, Sanjeev and three more guys are in my team.  We finish the discussion and Bindu, decides to go for lunch with Sanjeev. I walk back to hostel.

I find a bike coming at high speed. It’s my seniors Vineeth & Shankar. Vineeth always gives creepy looks whenever he looks at me. He is a mechanical- engineer left his job to do a MBA. I haven’t even spoken a word to him still.

I hear a voice “Sandya, Just a minute”. It was Vineeth’s voice

He comes near me and asks “Sandya, How about lunch?”

I mean I would prefer a lunch outside but with Vineeth?. I mean I haven’t talked much with him……… None of the reason for decline comes handy. I’m not good in saying no actually.

“Okay” I say feebly.

“Thanks. Just a minute wait here Please” replies Vineeth. He goes near Shankar’s bike talks something and comes back.

Read Next 

 | 

