Life As I Dream

Read Chapter 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

Three Years Later……

I’m not happy. This is not the life I imagined with Vineeth. Does he even realize this? We are married for just six months. But still unhappiness has crept in my life..

Where did things go wrong?… Past incidents kept flashing in my mind

Day Vineeth proposed me

When I met his parents

When we held our hands and danced for a long time in farewell

When I felt the college empty without Vineeth

Day when I got job in the company Vineeth is working

My farewell

Bindu’s wedding with Sanjeev

Working in the same company with Vineeth

When my brother broke the news regarding Vineeth to my parents

When my parents met Vineeth’s parents

Ragavi’s wedding

And at last My Wedding

I look very happy & glowing in the wedding photo. Thinking back that seems to be the last moment I smiled in last six months.

 

***

Our wedding was in a very grand hotel. Everything was going on well, till Vineeth’s mom made a huge scene on the wedding day. Her issue was Vineeth didn’t call her for dinner. He was attending a call & came to dinner directly. She shouted at him before 100 odd guests in the hall. She was crying till

Vineeth’s dad interfered. Vineeth shouted at me , saying I too didn’t call his mom for dinner. I tried to convince him saying my parents called her and I was busy getting ready. Wedding night was total fiasco.I remember crying throughout the night.

Our Honeymoon in United Kingdom…

Vineeth used to call his mom every one hour, to update her. He also wanted me to talk to her every time. I refused to speak once.

“Why can’t you speak to her?”

“I just spoke to her half an hour before..What is there to talk to her…”

“You started ignoring her…”

“Vineeth give me a break. This is supposed to be our honeymoon & you are either on call with your mom or sister. What’s the need to update them everyone hour? ”

I started flipping channels in TV.

Am I hearing a crying sound? Is that Vineeth?

“Vineeth what happened to you?”

Vineeth is never emotional. Why is he….?

“Sandya..My mom is everything to me. She is more concerned about our safety in foreign country. My sister Vinaya never had honeymoon after wedding. She only insisted that I take you to honeymoon.”

What? Isn’t that because both her & her husband was working in states and they came to India in two weeks holiday. No use talking about that to Vineeth now.

“Sandya…You should be happy to be married in such a lovely family. ”

 

***

Sound of Vineeth footsteps made me comeback to reality.

“What are you doing inside the room?”

“Just Reading. Why are you so late?”

“Had to drop Yams to airport”

This has become another worry now. Vineeth quit his job before one year to join his father’s business. Yams was also joined the company in marketing department. Though I don’t suspect anything between them, he is spending more time with her nowadays.

“Mom is searching for you. What are you thinking?”

“Oh nothing. Shall we go out somewhere tomorrow Vineeth?”

“Tomorrow! Don’t you remember its mom’s relations housewarming function?”

“But still we can attend it for some time and go for a movie right?”

” What are you talking? What will mom think?”

“We don’t spend time on weekdays and every weekend or other you have a family function to attend. When do you have time for me?”

“Quit that job of yours and we will have enough time.”

“For your information I spend only nine hours in office. Rarely do I stretch. You are the one who don’t have time for me.”

“Who will run the company otherwise? Dad is busy in overseas expansion. I don’t want to trouble mom. You just don’t care about It”.

“I’m asking you to make time for me too, Vineeth. You have time to spend with mom, talk with sister and take care of Yams. Atleast on weekends…”

“Sandya this is how I will be. I know what I’m doing. If you can stay here, else get out.”

“Why are you staying with him after he asked you to get out of there?” asked Bindu.

I’m meeting Bindu & Ragavi for lunch without knowledge of Vineeth. I have taken couple of hors permission from office. Bindu is staying in Bangalore and has come down to Chennai to meet her sister. She and Sanjeev are married for three years now. They have a cute one year old. Ragavi had an arranged marriage couple of months before mine and she is little pregnant now. We are still in touch with each other .

“He asks me to get out daily. Even though I have told him this word hurts a lot, he uses it quite often. He claims he get this word in tongue when he gets angry & doesn’t mean it.” I explained

“So he gets angry daily is it?” Asked Ragavi

I kept silent. I don’t know where to start or end.

“Come on talk . Get it out. You look terrible. You look like you have aged ten years. And last I saw you were in your marriage six months before. What’s troubling you? ” asked Bindu

“Vineeth is not the person he used to be. He used to care for me. He used to know what’s going on in my mind. He loved me. I don’t know where is all this now. He hardly talks with me at home” I told them sobbingly

“How is the business running? Might be some other pressure?”

“Business is running smoothly. If he spends less time with his mom and lesser time talking with his sister, life will be easy. All he thinks is how will something affect his mom or sister. Every damn little thing is centered on that. It’s quite difficult to explain “I replied.

“You look scared. If you can’t explain to us, talk to your parents or brother. I’m much worried about you” told Bindu.

I don’t want to tell them that Vineeth is not allowing me to visit my parents…

“Your mobile is ringing, answer it” shouted Ragavi interrupting my thoughts.

It’s Vineeth.”He doesn’t know I’m meeting you guys. So please don’t talk in-between” I instructed them.

“Hello Vineeth”

“Why it took long time to pick up the call?”

“Didn’t hear the mobile ringing? So what’s up?”

“Where are you? It’s very noisy?”

“I’m having lunch Vineeth. Had yours?”

“With?”

“My set: Archana, Sujatha…”

“How about Bharat & Vinod? They haven’t come today is it?”

“No they are also..”

“Sandya, why were you hiding to me about them?”

“You didn’t allow me to complete the sentence…You know they are also my friends and I used to have lunch with them right?”

“Yes I asked you stop contact with them. ”

“I told you that’s not possible. ”

“You are a married woman now. You can’t have male friends anymore. You know my vinaya’s husband slapped her once for going to a male colleague’s house”

“You stop talking with all the female staff in your company…..”

“I’m ending the call, Sandya”

He cut the call. I know he will call me back in two minutes and start the fight again.

“What’s all this Sandya?” asked Bindu shockingly

“In short he wants me to cut contact with my parents, brother, friends and colleague. He even wants me to quit the job and stay at home.” I explained

“For what?” asked Ragavi

“He wants me to spend more time with family. Family means his mother. His dad is abroad and he is super busy. He wants me to be at home when his mom wants. ” I responded.

“You have a cook and servant maid if I am right? Asked Bindu

“We have a cook and three servant maids. But his mom wants me around so that she can have conversation and find fault with me. This man is just a puppet in his mom’s hand. I don’t understand what his mom wants.” Before I could finish the sentence I got another call from Vineeth. I know, he will continue the fight. If I don’t pick up the call, he will make another scene for that.

This is how my life runs.

Read Next 

 | 

