Love Short Story – The Promise…

Photo credit: 

 from 

His POV (point of view).

Day and night law intertwined, in a warm, all-consuming embrace, and heaven, a peculiar shade of red, with yellow, some orange….. seeming to be all the colors at once.

The beach, and the sea has always had a divine, soothing effect on me. The warm sand in my toes, tingling, sending glorious tingles down my spine, and making my legs work harder against it, forcing me to slow down and take a deep breath, and the waves tripping and crashing together up to the sand, and then back again into the infinite sea.

Something about the beach, and the sea, calms me. The sound of the waves, jumping, fighting, and then making-up, coming to the shore and off again, interrupted by the distant accented rumble of the sea-birds freshens up old memories of you. I still remember those heavenly days when we used to come here, walking hand-in-hand until nightfall, when we parted, with a goodbye kiss. The way we sat against each other, watching for hours, the waves, the sea, the magic that we had. The sand still feels a a little more softer and comforting where you once walked, with me.

 

Her POV.

I love coming here with you. It makes me feel special, loved. The beach, with its salty winds through my curls, scratching any worry from my face, and you, your face prickling delight in the back of my eyes, and curling the my lips into a full smile, radiates love, Infinite love.

 

His POV

When I walk with you, there’s this feeling, this tiniest faintest ray of glittering hope, in some corner of my heart, reminding me of my love.

It has been long since I came here, for you are gone. But a part of you, an important part of you, is still with me, reminding me of you. I promise to love her, my undying unconditional love, like I loved you.

I look at you, walking with me, and I feel alive. It has been too long since I felt this way.

“I Love You.” I whisper to her.

“I love you too, Daddy.” she says and hugs me, her little hands around my neck as I lower myself to my knees, and her little head resting against my chest.

I feel the heavens move apart, and you looking down on me, a heavenly smile on your face, content that i’m doing what I promised.

__END__

