Moral Short Story of a small boy

Photo credit: 

 from 

In a village a small boy called chottu and his mother lived. Chottu loved his mother so much. He used to go to school and his mother go for small job in a construction site. but they lived very happily with that small income also. Chottu’s father died because of over drinking and he never cared of his family and always beats his mother . But chottu likes everyone . Chottu never hate his father also. He used to help every person . If a small beggar begging for money means. If he have some food means he used to share some food with that beggar or person.

His mother don’t know about this and all and always thought he is very bad person like his father but tried always to make him a good person and told him to study well and be a good person and a great person who can help the people who need help.

After few days from the construction site in a small accident chottu’s mother got fractured and from that day she was not able to work. She don’t know how to live the remaining days. Chottu felt very sad and don’t know what to do. He saw some students going to work. But he remembered his mothers word that he should be a great person in life. he got confused what to do. for living need to work and for life he should learn.

After some days he decided to go for work. He tried in many places all made him to run from their workplace. Then also he tried again and again and at last he got job in a hotel. He cleaned the glasses and cleaned tables and plate. But his ultimate aim was to learn . Then he started working and learning. It became very difficult to manage both.

One day he found his mother dead . Like that he became alone in life. From that day he decided he will fulfill his mothers dream and won’t follow his fathers way.Morning time he used to go to school and evening and night time he used to go for work. Like that long time and years finished. He grown up and he followed his good character and helping mentality and he completed his degree and he applied for IAS. He tried very hardly to get IAS but in first attempt he failed. He tried again and again.

In his 3rd attempt he got IAS and he became collector of his own district and he helped everyone who need help and he became a helping hand for everyone. He prompted and helped small students for studies. And he given a message to everyone that ” If there is a will means..there is a way”

__END__

