Mistake in Memories – Story of a Mother

Photo credit: 

 from 

Memories are beautiful, memories are bad but sometime in memories we found some  mistake.

Once day my 15 year old brother was arguing with my mom, don’t stop me to do anything I am not a kid, I know very well about whatever you do.

I know its wrong I hate you mom.

My mom was to disturb that time, she was crying but she did not understand why he is talking about.

Then I asked to my brother, what happened? why you are talking to mom very badly ?

He said Di you don’t have any Idea about mom,

Do you know what’s happening in home??

I asked what?

He answered me Di Rajesh Uncle is giving some money to mom whenever he came in the home mom says to me go outside.

Mom is cheater. I hate her she is doing bad thing with Rajesh Uncle Because of money.

She is cheated on our dearest father.

I noticed when ever we had health problem or any problem & needed some money she called Rajesh Uncle.

I was very upset with this thing, But did not word with my mom I was thinking oh god why it’s happened I was missing my dad

After a day I decided to have word with my mom

I was waiting for her she came & said…

Manvi what happened beta

I said mom you broken my trust

Suddenly my brother came & said Di come on please come here I got new uniform I am so happy why you are sitting there

after some time I realized that whatever my mom is doing but she is not happy .when Rajesh uncle visit our home after that she cry a lot in dark lonely night

My mom was hardworking she was a labor on daily basis so obviously it was too difficult to fulfill our wish but that time we both me & my bro was not understanding this thing

She adjust lots of thing for us like she always keep attention on me and my bro she has not friend circle she never wanted to do something special for her because of us

Now I know very well whatever she has done wrong or right but only for her kids

Why we hurt her why? Why we asked so many Questions to her

Now we both realized (me & my bro) it was very difficult for her that time she sad not any option whatever she has done is Best as a mother

She was just 28 year old lady who has lost her husband due to bad health. I was 5 year old and my brother was 3 year old who have lost there father early life.

Now I am married and my bro is also married we are enjoying our life with our life partner.

But I am thinking about my mother uncountable nights she spend lonely

Uncountable tears drops

Uncountable Compromises she has done for her kids

And we were just blaming on her .mistake happened in my memory but by me and my bro not by my mom

Now I am dialing her No. and will Say mom you are the best I am Proud of you

