My Strange Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

 What is Clairvoyance? Being a Bollywood fan I heard this term in my childhood after watching 100 days, yes, the Madhuri Dixit movie. Here is a story perhaps related to this which dumb found me one morning.

This happened somewhere in 2005….We had three flats on our floor B13, B14 and B15 ours was B15. B13 was vacant. The one next door B14 had a decent family staying, a family of four members, mother, father and two of their boys. But they were off to Vaishno Devi so we were all alone on the floor that weekend.

Those days my Dad after his collar-bone fracture was off job and at home. He used to stay awake late at nights reading or praying. I was undertaking a diploma on computers and every Sunday was a late morning for me.

One Friday night my throat woke me up in the mid of a deep sleep, I lit my side lamp to see the time, it was 1:30am. I reached for my bottle on the side table disappointed to see it empty. So I got up to notice Dad was asleep by then. I went to the kitchen filled my bottle and had a stroll in the sitting room.

The time when mobiles were not as prevalent as of now, land line phones were an essential. I just picked up my Land line phone and replaced the receiver disappointed as the phone was dead, in spite of the complaint in the morning. I kept the receiver down wondering what if (just in case) some thing goes wrong? What if I hear some queer sounds in the flat next door? What if someone peaks in with malicious motives? And I need to call our building secretary a floor below? How will I contact???

Ok if the phone was working what would I say?? I thought.

I mumbled to myself ‘Uncle there is some bustling sounds I can here from B14, I suspect someone has trespassed. Can we do something?’

Yes that could work Just in case…but what was the use the phone was dead.

Next Day was a usual one…and a usual night. Roughly at 11:00 pm I went to sleep and had a deep uninterrupted sleep…But next morning…

Sunday morning I woke around 9am overhearing some soft but tensed undertones…one of the voices was my Dad’s. I peeped into the hall and asked Dad

“What Happened?”

He told me that some one had locked our door from outside, then a domestic help of one of the families downstairs came up to open our door. And when he did that what I saw next was flabbergasting, the door of B14 was open. The domestic help asked us,

“Are these people back?”

I replied “I don’t know they were supposed to come back next week”

then he said “But this lock is broken”.

My father was alarmed and had a peep inside the boy went to call up other residents.

Later it was found that there has been a theft in B14….What is Clairvoyance?

__END__

