An Open Letter to my Mother – My Superhero

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dear Maa,

Etching words and jumbling them like an unsolved puzzle to carve out poetic lines is an art I am slowly and steadily learning to master. Penning down words for passion has become a hobby. More so because it has brought me a tinge of fame.

This piece is not only dedicated to you but to all the mothers across the globe who has sacrificed their bit for their children. When I say “bit”, it certainly engulfs much more than just three letters. As I pen this down, and when you read this you must be aware of the emotional essence attached to this letter. No, I am not teary eyed. You are a strong woman and I have inherited those qualities from you.

I would like to say Thank you. Thank you to you and all the mothers who exist. Not very often, this gesture is hurled across women falling under your genre. As a mother, you have been a strength which has given me confidence that whatever I do; there is someone who will always stand by my side. I see myself draped in your love and compassion.

Having been away from home for almost 7 years now, I have realized a lot of things. I have realized that there isn’t any place like home. I have realized that the food you cook is the best. Yes, in these seven years of nomadic life, I have been to south, east and the west. Every topographical location has had me pointing towards you whenever I have sat down for supper.

You left your flourishing career at an early stage just to ensure that your kids were raised in the best possible way. I would like to tell you that we have the best values imbibed in the blood cells.

People crave for a day off. In my 25 years of existence I have never seen you taking a day off. Taking a tablet of paracetamol on your worse days and heading to your business has been a trend which looks easy but is hard to pull off.

Ma, you are the most priceless girlfriend I have ever had. Thanks for providing me the space for letting me discuss all the immature girlfriend tales with you. Our generation tends to overthink. Thank you so much for letting me realize that things have never been so bad. Thank you for making me realize that it’s all in the mind and it’s about taming the mind.

I can go on and on and cite examples. I know it would not make any difference because for you it’s more about my happiness than the accolades. I can go on and type out a thousand words and make people go teary eyed. I would not do that. This bit isn’t for people. This bit is for you.

I would pause. I would not end. Ending something like this one wouldn’t give a tinge of satisfaction.

Love you too!!!!

Your Sweetheart

–END–

