Family Pet Short Story – Jenny: My True Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a fine Sunday evening; I went out with my parents to a garden fence for spending some cool time. I was just 7 years old and the only adorable daughter of my parents, who were ready to do anything for my happiness. I always felt bad for myself, as my parents went out for their job; I was left at home with our maid without any siblings or friends to play with me. As that Sunday, I was feeling bored at home, they took me to the garden, nearby our residence, where we used to visit usually.

For an hour, I walked through the whole garden, but there too, I felt quite bored and lonely. My parents occupied in the benches seated there. I saw elders, children, birds, flowers, trees, etc. I felt jealous of other children around me, who were surrounded by their siblings and friends. I thought how glad they were, as they all had someone to open up with.

While my parents were busy in their world, I was roaming around the greeneries; there I saw a cute little cat walking to and fro. It seems as if she had lost her way or may be fetching her beloved ones. I wanted to help her out. So, I went towards her, took her in my arms. We both got mingled with each other soon. I was very fond of keeping a pet cat; I knew my parents won’t allow me as they don’t want our home to be untidy. Still, I decided to take this opportunity to bring this cute little thing to our home and preserve with myself as my pet cat. So I went to my parents to seek their permission to bring her our home. Initially, my parents shouted at me, anyhow I persuaded them and managed to bring my pet cat to home.

After reaching at home may be this being a new place to her or it was afraid of being harmed, it felt very uncomfortable to stay with us. But later as we got involved, it started getting accommodated at our home. Then, I named her “Jenny”, who was my only sibling. Now, my loneliness faded away, I felt as if I got a new life with Jenny. Whenever, I went out anywhere, Jenny used to follow me. While I went for school, it came with me and waited back outside, till my class was completed. She also joined me when I went for tutorials, my Jenny waited for me outside, after my class was over, we came home together walking all the way. This process went on, till I completed my schooling.

One day, Jenny was not well with her health, I recognized when my cousin said me she is pregnant. At that time, my happiness knew no bonds. My parents were not happy with that news, they wanted her to be thrown out immediately, as they felt this will make our home a dirty place to live in. Therefore, they ordered our maid to leave somewhere far away from our area. But, I didn’t allowed this to happen, I said my parents that If Jenny had to leave our home, then I will also go with her. My parents were shocked on my reactions, as they loved and cared me and my feelings, so they allowed Jenny to stay back, but separated her dwelling place from my room and also warned me to limit the contacts with her, till she gave birth. They were concerned for me as they never wanted me to be harmed by any diseases,etc.

Despite of all these, I and Jenny kept on meeting each other. I took care of her, later she gave birth to two cute little kittens. I was very happy to have them in my arms and took care of them also. We all stayed ever happily and peacefully together.

Now I turned 16 and had hard harsh studies. My Std X results got announced, I could manage for just passing marks, as I was an average student right from the beginning. Then, later I got admission for college in Arts stream. Even though, my parents dreamt a lot for me, but they knew me well, so they had no issues on my studies.

 It was a rainy day night, when my Mom – Dad went out for a family friends party. That day due to not much work, our maid also left early. I and Jenny with 2 little kittens were at home. It was raining heavily outside, so my parents called me to inform they will be late to reach home. Jenny seemed to sound little strange and worried that day. I patted her and she kept quiet.

I was very much tired after the day’s studies and home work, I felt very sleepy and so I slept off early. I forgot to close the windows of my bedroom. After that, in my deep sleep, I was not aware of what was happening around me. Eventhough Jenny made all kinds of noises, I could not understand her, I thought she may be cradling her kittens. A long black poisonous snake entered my bedroom, which was coming towards my bed. Jenny had noticed the same, so she tried to awake me by these noises. Thus, for saving my life, Jenny fought hard and killed it.

After hearing a terrific voice around me, I was awakened from my sleep, when I stood up from my bed, I found blood all over the floors and a dead terrific snake there. So, I looked out for Jenny and found her fainted down on the floor at another corner. I was afraid and felt very strange, the way she looked at me, as if she wanted to say me something. She closed her eyes and passed her last breath in my arms. I could not get control over myself as I could not help her out. I felt very sad and depressed as I lost my sibling, my pet cat, my world, my Jenny, who had been with me during these years. We tasted together both fire and cold.

After my Jenny passed away, many days passed out; still I could not recover myself to normal. I knew she is not going to come back and only her memories lasted with me. My parents also felt sad, as they also realized about the true love between Jenny and me. Therefore, they supported me to look after the two kittens, whom Jenny had left for me. We took care of them.

Even though, Jenny was not with me, I could feel the memories she left behind with me and the happiest moments between us in the form of her little kittens.

__END__

