Family Short Story with Moral – Tears of My Mother From My Eyes

Family Short Story – Tears of My Mother From My Eyes

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s 11:30 pm. I am sitting on a bench, i can’t feel my breathes, i can’t feel the world around me, i can’t feel nothing. I am sitting over a bench outside ICU room. Might be my mother is taking last breathes inside the ICU. Due to over stress she met with brain hemorrhage. Doctors said it’s almost impossible but still they are trying their best to save her life.

Sitting over the bench i am back tracking the whole day;

How i spent or how i used to spent my days with her. I am 21 year old generation x type dude. It was 10 am today. Mom was shouting over me:” Wake up 

, why you keep using the laptop whole night etc.”

I got up in anger and replied with a rude voice, “what is your problem mom. Why keep shouting every morning and now you expect from me to wish Good Morning to every one.”

She replied “okay, don’t wish anybody. Let me know what to prepare in breakfast. I’ve to wash your clothes as well after this cooking.”

I responded in anger,” No; i don’t want anything from you.”

I switched on TV and started listening to music. She entered in my room with glass of Milk and bread toast.

I looked in to her eyes and said: Can’t you cook anything better else.

She replied: when i asked you what do you want then you didn’t answered me and now when i cooked by myself then again you have problem. I am the only lady who has to handle whole work every day since morning 5 am to 11 pm for your father, your sister and you. Still you guys don’t have any respect towards me or my feelings.

I shouted over her again and said it’s your duty. You don’t have to study, you don’t have to prepare for exams you don’t have to do outside works etc. You have spoiled my morning, my mood and everything. Now i have to suffer whole day with these mood. She said nothing and went back to her work again.

Around 1 pm she again entered my room and asked me would like to have a shower now or you have decided to spend your whole day sitting here in the room?

I didn’t replied anything and she sat with me for on bed for few minutes. Again she turned to the kitchen for lunch preparation. She asked me again what do you want to eat. Please let me know.

I replied cook anything that you want. She served me the lunch after an hour.

Around 3 pm i took shower, dived in to the virtual world of social media. Mom spent her time watching TV again. We both  were in separate rooms. Around 5 pm i picked my bike and asked my friends to meet. At 9 pm i was driving and my phone started ringing. It was my home number so i didn’t respond as i thought mom will started annoying me again. I returned to home at 9:20. My sister was crying and she told me just few minutes ago mom got unconscious. Papa and neighbor uncle took her to the hospital. He tried to call you but you didn’t picked the phone. I ran towards the hospital and now i am realizing that i was spending my whole day with my friends, facebook , music etc. I was enjoying my life with my friends while some where i ruined the life of some one very special to me.

I have nothing to say sorry to her now. I don’t have any right to feel sorry now.  Now i am realizing that there is validity of everything in this world. When we don’t want to waste validity of our data pack in mobile phones then how can we do so with lives in over life.

“We” need to spent our time with our families. We are running with the time but some where some one is still waiting to spend some time with us.

__END__

