Short Story Family – FAITH OF SISTER ON HER BROTHER

Photo credit: 

 from 

“He will surely come one day for tie “rakhi” on his wrist………………………………he surely come” said ruhi . because she lost his brother when she and her brother went for picnic with their parents and all the people in her society even her parents also tell her that her brother is lost and he never come back again but her faith on her brother that one day her brother will surely come . On every “Raksha bandhan” she buys one rakhi for her brother and went to temple for worship and prays for long life of her brother. Time passed and today 18 years passed.

Now ruhi is of 21 years but her faith on her brother is same. Now she is capable for finding his brother so she decided that she should start finding him. And ruhi is a very sharp student in her collage and she get 95% in MBA examination and her parents and her professor also tell her to apply in any company for a good post and under pressure she apply in one company . But she is not very interested In this. Her first priority is her brother and she want to find him.

Next day when she wake in the morning, she remember that today is a raksha bandhan and she went to the market purchase one rakhi and went to the temple for pray for long life of her brother. In the sample temple her brother also come stand beside her. After praying ruhi sit on stairs of the temple and start thinking about her brother.

After some temple her brother also come and sit beside her and ask her what happen? she answer that my brother was lost 18 years ago and she start crying he say that one thing you can do you tie this rakhi on my wrist and think I am your brother she said ok and she tied rakhi on his wrist and after that he give her a pendent and say take it carefully this is very special for me because this is a gift of my mother after that he say ok bye and he went.

In night when ruhi went for sleep he saw she wear same pendent which that guy is given to her he suddenly open the cupboard and she saw that pendent and she remembered that her mother give same pendent to her and to his brother. She understood that in temple that guy who tied rakhi by her that guy is her brother. After knowing that she tried to find him she is unsuccessful in finding him so she is so depressed and she come back home in night and her mother told her that you got a job in that company you apply and your post is managing director and you have to join from tomorrow . She said no, I can’t.

Next day morning her mother is surprised to see that her daughter is ready for a new job. She ask ruhi yesterday when I told you about your joining the you say no I can’t and now you are ready for it ruhi say yes I told you but after that I realized that I should think about you and papa. That’s way I am ready for this job. And she went for office, in office her boss call him in his cabin. She is little bit nervous because it is a first meeting with boss. she go in boss cabin and say good morning sir and her boss move and when he saw her he say hi you , you remember you tie rakhi on my wrist ……and she saw him and she get surprised to see her brother in her company as a boss

She told him that I want to return something please wait for 1min I just be back he say ok. She came with the pendent and return back to him and say it is your please take it and then she also takeout the pendent which she wear and say look at this I already have same pendent which is my mother gift .then he say it means you are my……my ………..sister …..my ruhi……my chutki… then she say yes bro I am your chutki….so the faith of ruhi on her brother wins finally her brother come and they live happiely with their family . So, it is called a true love of brother and sister.

__END__

