A class teacher put forth the question ‘Define a mother’. It was Activity period for class 4. Unlike the usual craft and art work, that day, the teacher decided to bring out the children ‘s creativity in writing. The children took a piece of sheet and began to unleash their definitions on a mother.

The school bell rang after 40 long minutes. The teacher collected the sheets from the children and bid them good bye. She got home the papers and put them on her study table. She completed all her household chores, had dinner and sat down to read the variety of definitions. She was impressed with the children’s attempt and randomly chose few. Her husband, who came into the study room to wish her Good night, was curious to know the happenings. She told him about the day at school.

On her husband’s request, the teacher read aloud the definitions.

 1) Mother is a person who motivates her child.

 2) Mother is a person who does all the work with patience, love and care.

 3) Mother cries in joy to see her child happy. The only time she was happy to see her baby cry was when it was born.

 4) Mother is a super woman.

 5) Mother cooks delicious food and distributes even her share.

 6) Mother cannot be described in few words. She is the first God.

 7) Mother teaches how to pray to God and how to be kind to all.

 8) One can share anything with mother. She is always there to lend her ear.

 9) I go with all the definitions that are meant for a mother.

 10) I do not know who a mother is. I do not have one.

The last note brought tears to the couple’s eyes. The next day, the teacher ran to the administrative office to enquire about the child Neela who wrote it. The details pointed out that Neela was an orphan and she studied under the school correspondent quota.

The teacher shared the details with her husband and the same evening, they met the orphanage head. They had decided to adopt Neela as they were childless for ten years.

 Thus, Neela’s answer fetched her a beautiful family!

–END–

