Every family loves her children from the depth of her heart, but it doesn’t matter me because myself  was an extremely selfish who thinks about himself and his luxuries. So for me it doesn’t matter whether my mother loves me or not until and unless you are lack of some thing which provides you happiness.

Yes, ‘Money’ ,this is what which provides you happiness in your life where you doesn’t care of your mother and her health and only things you able to think are your own happiness. If you have money in your pocket nothing matters to you. So i am one of a kind. But good times stay for a small time and bad things starts with a bang on your smile where you are neither able to think with brain nor feel with heart. This situation leaves you blank and more over bad times comes with a bonus. where i does’t have money to entertain myself  and my mom started losing her health critical.

Then, i realized myself should start standing for my family which basically consists of two members  my mom and me more over, I don’t want to mention about my father as he is having fun watching my silly life on big screen from heaven. So when i started to roll over my moms business to wake up from money crisis then i slowly started to understand my mother’s work and started applying my brain to it. Which landed in a huge loss than usual. So now I was in real trouble and started panicking and ran towards the hospital where my mother is getting her treatment and I saw her in the wheel chair beside a tree and asked her help, for which she said ‘yes’ and resolved the problem.

When resolving the problem my mother said me these words ” I will be there for you when ever you need just remember me”.

I was in a hurry and thanked her and left the place. While returning to my home i received a message in my mobile regarding the death of my mother from the hospital staff  asking me to arrive at the hospital then immediately i drove my car back to hospital in between there was an accident. How ever i reached hospital and saw my mom alive and surprisingly she was with my dad and there is no one in the hospital. I was stunned by seeing this. Is it really, possible that some one can come from heaven to earth……oh….wait!

–END–

