Short Story – The Comeback

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was quarter past ten o’clock in the night, there was an insane thunderstorm and it was raining incessantly.

“Damn this rain..!! Dad, pick up the phone..pick up the phone.”

I was trying to call my dad that day. It was raining cats and dogs. I was telling my mind, ‘He’ll be back soon.Don’t worry!’

I again tried to call him on his cell phone. But, no reply.

“Hell..” I said.

I was trying to contact someone of his colleagues ..who can tell me something about him and suddenly the door bell rang & I almost ran towards the door….

“OH DAD..!! Thank God..you’re back..”

“Yes, THANK GOD..!!” He replied in a non-typical style.

 (Sometimes, I already know, what he would say in particular situations..what he would answer in some situations. Highly predictable responses!!)

“What happend..?? I saw everything on news channels..is every one safe from your office?? How did you manage to come back?? I was trying to call you!! ” I understood I was not giving him chance to speak.

Without answering, he told me, “Come to my room, we need to have a talk.”

I didn’t know what was happening. I said.”OK, You go..I’m coming after making a quick call.”

“Do it fast. This is more important.”

***

Entering into his room, I saw dad with few documents in his hand. He was also trying to find some more documents in his file.

“Yes dad..”

“Now listen to me carefully..”Giving me a bunch of papers..”These all are documents of our house in Parla, and these are the documents of our new car.”

“What are you doing dad..??”

“These are the papers of my insurance and the others are of fix deposit for your education.”

“DAD..??”

I felt like he wasn’t listening to me. He kept speaking..

“What is he doing?.” I was asking myself this question again and again..

“This is the key of our locker in SBI. It has gold of some 6 lakhs in it.”

“Dad, it’s all right, it’s almost 12 O’clock now and I’m feeling sleepy..”

“One last thing, these are the documents of our land we had invested in some 10 years back.”

“Are you done dad..?? I’m feeling sleepy..”

“Yes, Suhaan. It is done and unfortunately, I am also feeling sleepy.”

I got out of his room, thinking of going to bed I was walking towards my room but I heard something and stopped. It was our phone ringing. I didn’t know this call would change my life forever.

“Hello?!” I picked up the phone.

“Sukhram Pande, Mumbai Police speaking. Am I talking to Suhaan Nath ?”

“Yes..”

“Sir, I’m feeling sorry to tell you that we got your father, Mahesh Nath’s dead body from Parla. Your father is no more. Our flood rescue team found his dead body an hour ago and we got your contact number from his..”

“WHAT..??”

I rushed to my dad’s room and opened the door….

***

There was no one in his room, the fan was on and the documents were flying here and there….

***

