Short Story – Body For Sale…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Michelle glanced at her pink faded cell phone, messages always messages…

You see Michelle. with her long dark hair, big blue eyes often lined in a soft black, enhancing her eyes and a part of her unique style, had a secret, a big one – that ate her up, the guilt and pure disgust sat still in her stomach like ton block of led…

So many women do what Michelle did out of greed, or of course, drugs. Michelle didn’t touch drugs and though her clothes were certainly noticeable with alternative style, all of her clothes were from charity shops. Michelle just Simple couldn’t cope. the electric, the gas – prices higher and higher. tv licences, pone bills and that was just the start.

And she has two children though they were with their father Michele after she had a breakdown…. saw them weekends and when their dad would let her weekdays which she had rights to at least once….

But then everything changed and their father suddenly moved the two children 50 miles away to be with a new girlfriend. He gave Michele 2 weeks notice of this. So of course she went to solicitors (more bills) who basically told her that there wasn’t much she could do, even thought she agreed what he was doing was wrong, because he had legal rights to them, she couldnt do anything. So after the two weeks the children went. The house no longer was a home without they children’s frequent laughter. She now saw them every two weeks friday night until Sunday lunchtime. So was no longer envolved in their schooling.

Michele could hard function and hardly had any money once bill were paid, she wanted to save some to treat the children when they visited.. One day browsing online she came across as escort type site. This wasn’t her but she felt almost numb from the grief. Using her laptop she took some sexy type pictures of herself and built a profile. Of course she didn’t write the truth – it was like acting after all..she was surprised to find once she’d got her profile right the mail flooded in.

Michele’s first punter she expected to be unattractive and maybe a little odd. But surprisingly though herself being only 25, he was 20 years her junior he was attractive, and actually very nice, treating her like a person not just the piece of meat she’d expected. it was an adrenaline rush. Some of her “Punters” weren’t nice though, she was never hrt but she to them she was THEIRS for the time they’d paid and she’d do what she told…it was a very mixed bunch.

The weeks went by and although morally wrong sometimes 4 men a day Michele would “entertain” though scared the neighbor’s see, some would  go round the front and some round back. There would be several days where she saw no men. When she saw her kids she was able to buy them the food they liked, take them out.  But the rest of the time she was just able to survive, she didn’t have to choose between eating or electric/gas anymore….and although wrong she felt a sense of purpose. Deep down though Michele knew this was not her. at all. she was doing it because her grief hurt her so much, she had to fill the void.

In this she realized she couldn’t continue living this life. she wasn’t a hooker! She moved just and lived with a family member until she could get to where her children were.

__END__

