Short Story of Family Dog – LIFE and DEATH

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today, I was writing another article when my parents rang me from India. We were talking about usual things about family and life. Suddenly, my father told me that our family member passed away eight days ago. I was shocked it was our beloved dog Tyson. When I left India he was only few months old, and now he just turned seven months old a week ago, before he died due to snakebite. I was very shocked by the news, it made feel as if I should leave everything and return to my country and I should stay with my family in a new house.

My mother was sad, as I can feel from her voice. I felt helpless and I can still remember Tyson’s face. He was pure white colour just like milk and was very active. I was following his pictures, as he was growing big and muscular. My younger brother Mohit was sending me his naughty pictures playing around, jumping and doing all sort of things in and around the house. We have a farmhouse, which gave him plenty of space to enjoy the freedom.

Unfortunately, when he died, the father told me that he was chained outside near parking area, under the tree due to summer season and he was always keeping an eye on any movements like a security guard near the main entrance of the House.

I do regret sometimes living overseas, which was entirely my decision.  I know life and death is in no bodies hand, but a support for and from family in low times is as essential as breathing to survive. I stand here with choices of living in three countries namely, Australia, China and India. I believe family is first and slowly I have realised that nothing can swap families love and affection and not to mention morale support.

Moreover, after few months, along with my wife am going to attend my brother’s wedding, and I am looking forward to it every day. I was always curious to see Tyson with my own eyes and wanted to touch him and play with him, as I brought him home in our Suzuki Swift along with my father. In the middle of the night, I was feeding him milk in a bottle, since he was too young to even eat or drink anything own his own. Well this sudden news of lose has broke me a bit, but I do realise how tricky life can be. It comes with no warning from anyone when one has to pack his stuff to the different world.  Death is inevitable, we cannot conquer it and we cannot change the destiny and one’s fate, either a human being or any living being.

In the end, life moves on what we can do best is to move on with it. Wounds are healed with the time. Although, one cannot fill the space and love, which has been lost in the past, but letting your love and care shared with others around you can definitely increase the stock of happiness in one’s life.  “Let the soul of Tyson rest in peace”.

__END__

