This story is selected as 

Short Story Mother’s Love – The little red book

Photo credit: 

 from 

After the funeral, Mother’s memories haunted me as I sat silently in her room. The room was dark as the setting sun cast long shadows through the window. Every minute, I expected to hear her familiar voice say “Krishna, why are you sitting alone in the dark?”

And every minute, my sadness grew as her familiar voice would never be heard again. I always took her voice for granted but couldn’t hear it today when I longed for it.

I rose from the couch and went to open the cupboard. I opened the safe to gaze at our old photos: times spent by Mom and me. As I rummaged through the familiar albums unable to decide where to start, I saw an old little red book. I opened the book and read the first page:

 

My heart missed a beat. Mom had once told me she kept a diary noting her emotions on days of emotional upheaval. It was her way of keeping perspective. Seated on the couch, I eagerly dived into the diary.

 

This was not news. Mom always wondered how people could be so different despite having the same culture, religion, language and caste.

 

This was news! I had never heard my mother talk about this. This was two years before I came to the world. She had hidden her wounds quite well.

 

I never liked Dad much but I never knew the old fool had an affair with the maid. Why did Mother hide this from me?

I never knew the old fool could do such things. I guess that’s why I never got along well with him.

My heart missed a beat. I had an illegitimate brother or sister! Where could he or she be? And how did Mother keep this under wraps for so long?

 

My mind was in a whirl of growing fear. Where was the monster? Was it still alive? Would it return to ask for its share of my parents’ property?

 

So I had a step-brother! I desperately hoped Mother had left some clue of the orphanage where they left the baby.

 

Tears welled up in my eyes. I was never her son and yet she became my mother.  Through my tears, I read on

 

I gazed at Mother’s photo through eyes wet with tears. I missed her more than ever now. But for her, I would have been an orphan, a street urchin, a beggar. A mother’s loving heart was all that stood between the cold heartless street and a cozy loving home. I saw God in my mother.

__END__

