Short Story with Moral Lesson: The Sepal

The Sepal - Short Story with Moral Lesson

The sepal couldn’t rest, how could she? She was curious as well as anxious. For the petal babe is inside her. She felt great like a “big sister”, proud to protect the little one. She knew the petal babe was florid, but tiny now, sleeping peacefully in her bosom. She felt motherly love for it. At the same time she felt honoured too, for being the haven for the petal babe. Sepal thought, “I have been guarding this lovely babe for some days and when tomorrow when it blooms in full, the world will be amazed to see the alluring and gleaming petal, they would behold that splendour with all their amazed eyes, they will feel glad about me too, because it was me who kept the petal safe for these last few days; What more I need to feel great!”. Her dream delighted her.

It was a glorious spring morning, calm and cool. When it dawned, the sepal knew, the petal will blush today, in full. She has been eagerly waiting for this day. As the petal tried to open, the sepal could feel it was being pushed down and down. The sepal was not sad, for she knew, she was the petal’s carer, who doesn’t have an existence without the petal. Though a bit sad, the sepal yielded, and finally when the flower blossomed, radiating all its beauty, the sepal was seen no more, it was down and hanging and no one would even notice it. Moreover, the sepal couldn’t even see her little one in bloom, her babe was up and she was so down. She knew she can never see the petal, and the thought made her cry. All praised the flower, for them the charm of the flower lays in the petal, none bothered about the sepal, which was not catching any one’s attention now. The sepal wished at least the petal would remember her, but it seems the petal doesn’t.

The petal was moving dilly-dally in the breeze, elated, thrilled and proud of the complimenting eyes and words. The crying sepal’s agony touched the breeze. The breeze came near her and asked why. She broke into tears and told her pain. The breeze pacified,

“Dear sepal, all are born here to perform their destined role in an acceptable way, but none are to expect anything in return. You just see the life of birds, animals and humans; they take much pains, more than you, to raise, back up and strengthen their young ones and loved ones, but when they are on their own, they forget those hands who worked for them and move away. The world also see them, not their mentors. In such a world, how can you even expect the petal or the beholders to remember you? Each one has been born for a purpose, which is to be fulfilled in an appreciable way, and you have done yours meticulously, that is enough. You were good and great at it!”.

The sepal thought for a while and found the words of the breeze right. She bore those words in her heart and was no more crying for her fate. Yes! It was a sad truth; The sepal nurtured and succored the petal with all her affection and attention, with a pure heart, still she was overlooked, and the glamorous petal was over adored.

__END__

