Family Short Story – Mausam

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was  looking at the sky, never thought about the condition she was facing. Last month was her 7th birthday , she has asked her parents to bring her a beautiful gift . She remembered what her mother said to her” ruby you are special and everything which is connected with you is special and beautiful”.

Tears roll down from her eyes when she remembered the face of her brother crying after listening the news of the accident of her parents, they died on her birthday. Now she is living with her Uncle farhaan a shopkeeper in a village. Ruby’s big brother Mohit  left her alone and ran away from the village because of his uncles torture and hate.

Ruby’s father and Farhaan were brother by blood. But farhaan could not be literate because of the financial problem . Farhaan felt himself abandoned by her brother after the death of his father. Ruby’s father got a job in a big city and forgot about his past and his brother.

Ruby was missing her parents . She often looks at the sky and try to talk with them.  She want to ask them if this was her special gift letting her alone in this world.

“Ruby are you still upstairs , come eat your food and wash the utensils, the maid would not come today also…..”.   Farhaan shouted from the kitchen.

Ruby was not afraid of her uncle like her brother ,she Obey her uncle. But still her uncle hate her for no reason . He never talks with ruby. He has a Son named Golu.

Farhans wife was no more , she got some disease during Golu’s birth.

Golu has an image for Ruby as a sister from the big city. Golu has a little interest in study. He used to take Ruby’s help in study and homework and in the return he help in her work of washing utensils , the work he found easy than his school books.

” golu bhaiyya ..do you miss your mother ” ruby asked golu after completing his homework.

” I don’t know sister but when sometime father yell at me because of my poor study. I miss someone, he always over emphasized on my study. I don’t know the reason. ” golu spoke itching his head.

“Would you go with your lawyer uncle who have come yesterday for you” asked golu with a desperate sigh.

Farhaan came there . “You …..why don’t  you go with your lawyer uncle or neighbour whoever he is..He is threatening me . What Does he want from me. I will treat you like this always and you will also run from here like your father and brother” said farhaan shouting.

He continued speaking ” why are you here ruby tell me…..

This was the first time Farhaan spoke her name.

“You look like my father …even if you are angry at me i  see him in you. This reason is enough for me staying here ” ruby replied.

Farhaan was silent .he could not say a word. He went out from the room.

Ruby saw him wiping his tears…

–END–

