Family Short Story – Wise Decision

Photo credit: 

 from 

That morning I had a bad headache and was searching a tablet in my chest drawer where I found my old college friends picture then I forgot my headache and went into an old memory lane .

We were four friends all well brought up in a decent background and good family values. We all wanted to do big in our lives and make our family proud of us . As normal college girls we had our own crushes too of course on reel heroes..

I still remember Tulika our friend who belonged from an army background had a severe crush on Akshay Kumar . Me being a bit not so filmy type would always discourage her of her serious crush and she would say that one day either Akshay or his look alike will be her better half.

 We would laugh on her .

After our final exams Tulika disappeared, I mean the period with no facebook or other social contacts she could not be traced just through her landline number . We felt she must be out for some competitive exams as she was a bright and an ambitious girl.

Oh what a surprise, I opened my main door and found standing her in front of me with a new look . Yeah new look a married girl now she was . I was shocked and surprised and bit upset as I didn’t get her wedding invitation. She hugged me and told me it was a love marriage and a court marriage as was not approved by parents .

Now I asked whom the groom was and she told me Vinod. Oh I remember the same chap who resembles Akshay Kumar .

I could clearly see her blushing . But that chap is unemployed I asked and she answered , it hardly matters as she is doing B.ed and capable of handling her finances .

Anyways my family welcomed her warmly and my mom gifted her saree and silver coin as a ritual to be given to a newly wedded . She left and I could sense a change of attitude in her personality a change which we see when you get what you desire .

 Again there was no communication between us as she left for Jaipur to be with the boy’s family.

 After six months my other friend Jacintha called up and what she told me was really upsetting. She told me that she met Tulika at Jaipur railway station, she has turned into a typical married women doing job, taking care of family as well.

 I asked Jacintha does she has her phone number and yeah she had . Infact Tulika asked her to convey her phone number to me . Without wasting a single minute I dialled her number it was a school number and I reached to her after four calls as she was taking classes. Those words are still fresh in my mind which Tulika spoke on phone to me .”Never ever take decisions when on high point or a low point of life” .

I asked why is she saying so she continued being a plum girl with a short height she was not taken seriously about her desire for a groom like a hero and when this chap lured her she felt she is the luckiest girl and jumped to marry him without thinking twice . That fellow is still unemployed and doesn’t take life seriously .

I asked her to come back as she was a pretty confident and bright girl who can manage her life alone . A big No was her answer and she continued as it was her decision to marry him she will respect her decision but she is not ready to start a family . She feels till Vinod is not going to be financially capable there is no need to start a family and overburden herself .

Ok was my answer but still I felt she should come back to Lucknow which she refused.

After that I was in touch with her and when i was getting married I called her up. She was really happy for me and the first question she asked was the qualification of my would be hubby.

That day I told Tulika I can now sense a depression in your voice and I reminded her that she only told me once that she is capable of handling finances for herself as well as for her hubby now what’s a big deal and here came the reply my friend it’s the education that matter finances still can be handled by any one of the spouses but good thoughts, Values and knowledge can only be achieved by a proper education, which I learned after my marriage .

 How true she was ….!

–END–

