Short Story – Hope

Photo Credit: 

The silence was broken by the sound of the child’s laughter. Sarah smiled to herself. It had been a hard day at work, but her daughter’s antics never failed to amuse her. The little one was currently sprawled on the soft carpet, having just attempted to spread her make believe wings and fly. The mischievous twinkle in her eye was a stark contrast to Sarah’s dull brown eyes. Of course, those innocent eyes had yet to see what Sarah saw every day- Death.

Being a working woman and a single mother, Sarah’s life was anything but easy. She knew she had chosen the profession of a doctor but little did she know what life would become. A few years in the hospital, and she had almost become a zombie. Every time her hands shook before a surgery, every time she couldn’t save a life, she died a little herself. That was until she met Emma.

A couple months ago, Emma had been admitted to the hospital. Her one week old daughter clutched tight to her chest. She knew she would die. She knew her heart had failed her. Yet, the only words she said to Sarah were, “She is my life. Please take care of her.”

The pain in Emma’s eyes touched Sarah’s heart as she gathered the little bundle in her arms. The little girl’s sleeping face oddly calmed Sarah’s beating heart. She smiled. “What is her name?”

But there was no reply. With a serene and peaceful look, Emma closed her eyes. She knew she could rest now, she knew her daughter was in safe hands. It was almost as if Sarah and the little nameless girl were meant to be.

Unfortunately, Sarah couldn’t save Emma but she knew that she could save her daughter. Sarah’s life changed drastically that day. She knew she had to be an inspiration to the little girl and teach her to be strong. But ironically, the little girl’s happy giggle keeps Sarah strong. It reminds her that it isn’t her fault when anybody dies. It is just a way of life. The old makes way for the new. New life, new hope and new emotions. She can’t do anything about that. She knows that the pen is in her hands now. And she has to make the little girl’s life worth living.

A beautiful story. A story her mother would be proud of. That she has to help the little girl be the miracle she is meant to be. That she has to help the little girl inspire hope in the hearts of people all over the world, just like she does for Sarah. The little girl’s tinkling laugh startles Sarah out of her reverie. She helps her up and carries her, smiling. Hope, she thinks. She knows that no matter what happens, the two of them will face it together. She knows that they’re strong. She knows that they’ll make it, that they’ll be okay. The little girl’s chocolate eyes twinkle. Sarah understands that there could be no other name for this bundle of joy.

“Hope”, she says.

“Hope”, the little girl repeats.

__END__

