It seemed like it was just yesterday that we brought you home and placed you in the arms of your grandma. And now three months later I’m dressing up to rejoin my office. With every second that passed I regretted the fact of leaving you more and more. You were my Son; my baby to look after, to take care off. You were God’s gift to me and now due to circumstances I am being forced to leave you at home and rush to earn a living.

I quickly built up the courage and emerged from my bedroom, I walked over to your grandma who had you in her arms waiting to bid me goodbye. I kissed your tiny forehead and said my goodbyes and walked myself to the main door. As my eyes filled with tears, I left you and reached office.

As I sat there at my cubicle waiting for the rest to come in to office my heart-felt so very heavy. All I could think of is my Son; every time I looked at my mobile phone tears filled my eyes at the site of your wallpaper. Was I being heartless by leaving my 3 month old infant at home? I couldn’t help but think of you and tear up.

My boss entered into work and I freshened myself up. As I started to look into my work he called me into his cabin. He congratulated me on the birth of my Son but began questioning me as to why I had taken the entire 3 months leave. I was shocked and astounded, was I hearing correctly? I retaliated that you sir had sanctioned 3 months maternity leave which I have as proof in writing. He still argued that I should have returned to my duty after a month and a half of delivering my son! I just stood there staring into his face. How could this man be so heartless? He’s worse than a tyrant I thought. He was asking me why i couldn’t leave my one and a half month old helpless baby and come to office!

As I walked out of his cabin I thought to myself; there is a decision I have to make today. I needed to get my priorities straight, I had to decide whether keeping this 8 year-long job was more important than taking care of my helpless Son. My heart said you should choose my little boy but my responsibilities said this job was more important.

I left after the day was over and returned home, as I walked through the door. I rushed to my bedroom where my husband came running to see me. He sensed something was wrong. I burst into uncontrollable tears. I had no strength left in me to fight my heart. My heart won that day; I chose to be with my Son. Nothing else felt more right than to give up that job and stay and raise my boy myself. I chose you.

–END–

