FAMILY REUNION

FAMILY REUNION

The Kowalskis were a noble Christian family for five generations. The oldest one, Joseph had a father Matthew. To keep the order in the story, I will enumerate the generations. Matthew Kowalski was the Generation 0. He was, however, a great sinner, blasphemer, alcoholic, adulterer, bloated man and niggard. That was why he could not stay with the rest of him family in the Paradise. Such father made his son Joseph (Generation 1) choose another way. Thank God’s grace he had a successful life and became a great example for his son Peter (Generation 2) who was delivered by his beloved Ann. Peter married Christy, who gave him two sons, Jacob and Patrick (Generation 3). Jacob married Susan, and procreated a son Victor (Generation 4), and Patrick married Veronica, who gave him two sons Andrew and Martin (Generation 4). Then Victor married Elisabeth and procreated Ann (Generation 5). Andrew and Martin died without successors. Ann’s husband and children were still alive. So the whole Kowalski family in Heaven consisted of twelve people, which God liked very much.

The Kowalskis spent everyday life in Heaven on worshipping the God. The Almighty significantly liked them, not only for the symbolic twelve number, but above all because such a big family was a pride of His Kingdom. Who else than Himself could understand, how proud the senior of the family, Joseph was. Indeed God was the Father Himself. God’s sympathy towards Kowalskis caused Him to prepare a surprise for His best family, a great feast for the occasion of Family Reunion.

So the Kowalskis gathered around a great round table. The ceremony was arranged by Archangel Michael himself. They sat down on chairs, began eating and chatting.

“This roasted chicken reminds me about our traditional meal.” said Ann (Generation 5) “Unlike this one, our chicken had always its both wings cut off.”

“Exactly, cutting the wings off was our tradition.”, added Andrew, her uncle.

“I remember modifying the recipe, adding Herbes de Provence and reducing the amount of onion used.”, continued Veronica, Andrew’s mother.

“Yes, I also made some modifications, but always remembered to cut the wings, according to our tradition. Ann, was it you who created the tradition?”, said Christy (Generation 2)

“Well, you could say so.” smiled Ann (Generation 1) “To tell you the truth I had only a small oven. I had to cut chicken’s wings in order to put it inside.”

The whole family burst out laughing.

Susan was speaking with her son Victor who used to work as a fisherman during his life on Earth.

“My son, I am so glad to see you at last. It wasn’t easy to contact you recently. I heard you’ve been spending a lot of time with Saint Peter.”

“Yes. We’ve been talking about fishing techniques. Peter is behind the times a bit, some … you know, almost two thousand years, so there is a lot to talk about.”

Veronica (Generation 3) who used to work in Inland Revenues was talking with her daughter-in-law Elisabeth.

“It is very interesting to compare the circumstances of our lives with past times. Believe me that Saint Matthew told me that even Roman invaders didn’t take so high taxes like our government in our days.“ said Veronica.

When the feast went on for some time, Joseph (Generation 1) thought how wonderful it was to sit with all the family at the table and look at his descendants.

“I’m so glad to see you all here. I guess that for the youngest generation it is the first occasion to meet not only their great-great-grandfathers, but also the further ancestors.”

“Yes, indeed.” said Patrick “It’s only pity that Ryan can’t be with us….”

Immediately the other talks stopped.

“Oops! I’m sorry Ann. I shouldn’t have…” he added after a while.

Ann sighed.

“Well… all right. I knew that someday the family would know about it. Yes … just as it is written “

”. It’s OK, Patrick”, said she.

 

“Who is Ryan, then?” asked Victor.

“Well, he is your grandson. I had had an affair during my two year stay in Australia, long before I met my husband. I delivered a baby boy, and gave him to adoption.”

“But why didn’t you tell us? You were afraid? I don’t understand why you had any doubts that we would accept the child.”

“I was so ashamed. I knew, it was against the values which you taught me. Now I know I shouldn’t have given Ryan to adoption. On another hand I just couldn’t commit an abortion. He didn’t have a good life. He died young, probably murdered by a drug gang. Ryan was also involved in some cult; it is possible that satanic. He couldn’t be saved. How he is far away from here.”

All the family was upset. They were sitting and Ann’s words still resounded in their heads.

“I just can’t believe it. And all this happened during your scholarship stay in Australia… Incredible.” told Elisabeth, Ann’s mother.

“Yes. I did wrong, but then I repented, and God forgave my sins. I just could not change the consequences… My husband and uncle Patrick were there only people who knew about Ryan.”

Suddenly the God walked into the room, where the Kowalskis had their family meeting. He approached Ann and hugged her.

“My children! There is no place for sorrow in My Kingdom. I wanted to make a pleasure for you, but the situation got out of control. I think, it will be wise to finish your family reunion.”

And so happened. The meeting was over, and God’s presence healed wounded hearts. All the family felt a great relief, coming into their hearts.

 (Revelation 21,4)

END

