Love Story of Husband and Wife – Anniversary

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today was their first anniversary. Hari was driving back to home from office. He had promised Divya to take her out for dinner. His thoughts were circling around the kind of scene that he could expect at home with his wife.

He remembered that morning. She was sitting at the dining table and sipping her coffee. As soon as he sat at the table for his coffee, she asked him,” Hari you remember what day is today?” Her eyes pleaded him not to say that he does not remember.

He gave a soft smile,” Dear today is our first anniversary” he said.

She smiled a smile of relief and happiness. “So are we going out today?” she asked expectantly.

“Of course baby, we have to celebrate our occasion. We will go out dinner today to a special place. I have made all the arrangements and it is going to be memorable night for us”, he said reassuringly. Divya was surprised to know that Hari had planned for their night and she was very happy about it. Right from that moment her wait for the memorable night started.

As Hari left for office, Divya stopped him. She was about to say “Don’t forget. Come early” but she did not. She thought it was unnecessary since he had made the plans for the night. She just gave him a warm smile and said “Bye”.

But here he was, late again. He tried to call Divya several times but she did not pick his call. He did not forget, He wanted to come early but some last minute work held him up late. He was angry on himself. He has disappointed his wife once again. They have had a lot fights because of this. Though he hated such fights there was never a single fight where he gave up his stand of defending his work. Divya would say, “I don’t mind you working late. But at least on some days you can put your wife ahead of your work”. Her tone would sometimes be of anger, sometimes desperation and sometimes helplessness.

Hari imagined the kind of argument they would have. But something about the fight made him smile. There was a stage in a fight which Hari likes a lot. It is the climax where he emerges as the clear winner. He invariably emerges the winner in all the heated arguments. But there was nothing that he does which makes him the winner; it was always because of Divya. She would never let the fight go beyond the night. She would come back to him, her eyes swollen from crying but she will bear a warm smile. “It’s alright da. I understand. “, She would say. She would talk exuberantly to cheer him up. Hari always liked that. It made him realize how lucky he is to get such a wonderful girl to share his life with.

Hari knew that was not going to happen in today’s fight. It made him smile even more. He went home. Divya was sitting on the couch. She had been crying. Hari walked straight to her. She looked at him expecting him give his excuses. He did not say anything. He took her in his arms and kissed her with all his might. She was shocked. She was not expecting this. He slowly whispered to her,” Never again”. He saw the beautiful smile which he wished to see that night. She knew it was going to be different from today. She felt uncontrollable happiness swelling inside her and she kissed him back. Sounds of happiness filled their home from that night and it was indeed a memorable night.

