I opened my eyes to be met with confused brown ones. I slightly growled when it

s small fingers touched my fur, but soon relaxed to his touch. I leaned towards his hand, which made the little boy giggle.

I would never forget the day we met, the day that he took me home, the day that I laid beside his bed for the first time, and the day that he gave me his heart and exchanged it for mine.

I was just a small puppy when he found my freezing body at the sidewalk of the street, the only thing protecting me from the hard rain was a broken umbrella. I was near the school that he goes in, I had no idea how he managed to hide me from his parents for a few months, but was later found out when his parents heard cries from their son

He was one of the best thing that ever happened and I would never have it 

.

We grew together and moved to a bigger house, he refused to let me stay outside, so I had to sleep next to his bed, which I was completely fine about. It was all perfect, he was perfect.

After moving in, a few months later. He was always out in a hurry and I was always left at the huge house, he always even forgot to leave me food for the whole day, leaving me starving, causing me to leave the house to find the nearest trash can to get food from.

A few more months later, he started bringing a girl with him every night, they would watch movies and eat together. I would always watch them converse and laugh at each other, and can

It got so much worse, he

When he falls asleep, I

One day, I saw a little girl had entered the house with I

 she had a small bow on her head, she quickly hugged my owner as soon as she saw him, wide smiles was spread across their faces. That used to be me. When they pulled away, I slowly walked my way to my owner

“Lauren, go away from it. It can bite you.”

“But daddy…” She replied sadly

“Go upstairs, princess.”

The small girl marched upstairs and went to which I think was her room. Once she was gone, he kneeled down in front of me and pointed his finger on my chest.

“Look, I want you, to stay as far as possible from her. You got me?”

I nodded my head and whimpered. It happened all too fast, him keeping away from Lauren, I was locked inside a cage, they got married and lived happily, while I was caged inside a prison.

Years have passed and Lauren visited me everyday to make sure I was happy and well. She was now in high school, after her day, she

One day my sickness got worst and lasted for 5 months, Lauren wanted to take me to the veterinarian and she did. Not before arguing with her father of course.

Once the doctor announced my condition, everything went completely in slow motion.

“I’m sorry, but he only has a week to spend.”

I heard sobbing from beside me and arms around my body.

“I promise buddy, I’ll make your last day as special as possible, alright?” She whispered in my ear.

She did keep that promise despite the busy schedule she made most of her time with me, she sometimes doesn’t even sleep anymore. As those days passed, I became weaker and weaker until I can barely walk.

It was the final day, I was at the vet. His whole family was watching me lay on the bed, getting ready to be injected. I watched as tears streamed down his face. He came closer and caressed my face, I licked his falling tears and his last words we’re the only thing on my mind before blacking out.

“I love you, so much.” I knew that after all this time, after all this time I didn’t leave because I needed to hear him say it. I needed his permission to stay in his side, mind and his heart. Forever.

–END–

