Short Story of Mother’s Love – The Luckiest of all the Charms

The Luckiest of all the Charms

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Amma, I can’t find it are you sure I kept it there?” screamed Swathi calling her mother who was also searching for something Swathi’s grandmother brought some years back. Swathi a 19 year old Mechanical engineering student known for her merit all over the state considered a string of red beads her lucky charm.

Anybody who knew Swathi obviously will know about those days when she suffered from malaria at the time of her 10

 board exams. Poor Swathi who was always a good student all around her career could not even sit leave alone studying for her exams, her mother used to read her lessons and Swathi could only listen to them. It was then when her granny arrived into the scene, she brought along with her a woollen string and on it were red beads in diamond shape. Her granny said that she had specially done 

for the beads and they would surely bring her back to normal and she would go through her board exams too. Swathi who was an agnostic could only smile at her granny’s ignorance at least that’s what she thought then.

Unexpectedly, the charm worked and she was restored to good health in no time and the good thing was that she stood 3

 in the whole state in the board exams. From, then onwards Swathi considered the string of beads and Lord Shiva her lucky charm she would but the string of beads around her hands like a bracelet all the time and unlike the other girls of her age she did not care if they were matching with her dress or not.

Coming back to today, It was Swathi’s 5

 semester exams and today was a bad dream for her. Firstly, she lost her lucky charm and secondly today’s exam was Swathi’s nightmare 

 She put the bracelet on the study table the day before while going to sleep and in the morning she could not find it.

“Ma! I can’t find it” Swathi was squalling and her mother who was in the other side of the room looking for her charm was worried looking at Swathi’s condition. She knew her daughter’s attachment with her lucky charm but she never expected her rational thinking daughter would ever cry for her charm.

“Swathi, my darling don’t cry, first have your bath and come back and do your prayers. I will search for it and don’t worry your Lord Shiva will help you find it”.

Swathi who was still weeping could not do anything other than listening to her mother and it was already getting late for her exam and she went into the bathroom for having a quick bath trying to memorize her formulae and simultaneously the thought of her lost charm haunted her.

“She must have kept it here…”Swathi’s mother Kavita was on her investigation duty and was now looking on her study table and then on the book shelf loaded with books written by a-z great authors of the world her daughter loved to read and then in the hall and then back in Swathi’s room but there was no sign of it.

“Amma! Did you find it?” asked Swathi hoping for a positive answer.

“No beta! I am sorry I could not find it I tried my best” her mother answered with a sorrowful expression. Losing all the hope Swathi went towards the puja room to offer her prayers Lord Shiva, her only lucky charm now.

“Amma, look…. here…. Ma! You there…. I found my lucky charm… you were right… Lord Shiva thank you so much” Swathi called her mother and thanked her Lord joyfully.

“Ohh..! here it is. Thank God! Anyways you are getting late right so go fast for your exam now starting moving girl” her mother said trying to cheer her daughter.

“Yes mom” Swathi said her prayers to the Lord and wore her bracelet and went past the main door giving her mother a quick bye!

“Haa..! Om Namah Shivaya” was all her mother said.

Late in the afternoon a very joyful Swathi came back to her house.

“How did your exam go?” questioned her mother.

“Ma! I have my lucky charm right? How could you ask me such a question? Anyways my exam went superb!”

Mrs. Kavita only smiled and gave her daughter a big smile which Swathi returned.

“Now, go and change while I place your lunch” said Mrs. Kavitha leaving the main hall walking towards the dining table.

“Ya! Sure amma.” Swathi went back to her room.

After 5 minutes a scream disturbed Mrs. Kavita

“What happened now?” confused Mrs. Kavita asked Swathi making her way into the room.

“Look at this ma.” Swathi showed Kavita a replica of her lucky charm with a confused look on her face.

“What is this? Ma this is my real charm and what is this I am wearing now?” still having a confused look on her face Swathi asked her mother.

Mrs. Kavita gave a <istyle=”font-style: italic;”>I have the answer to your question look and Swath is gave back a 

look.

“Swathi, what really happened is that while you were taking you bath in the morning and I could not see you crying so I made a lucky charm just like the one you had and placed it in the shrine. I could not find exact beads so I attached some beads which resembled you’re lucky charm. Check them they don’t resemble with your actual ones.”

Mrs. Kavita broke the ice and saw her child sitting on the bed giving a distressing look.

“Swathi darling I only wanted you to be happy so that’s why I did this beta. I know you are angry with me but I only wanted you to be happy and smiling as always.”

The remaining day went on with silence prevailing in the house and Swathi busy studying for her next nightmare 

.

The next day Swathi woke up really early offered her prayers to her beloved Lord Shiva and went her way to give her exam. She did not say ‘

 to her mother who was already depressed and who blamed herself for her child’s condition. Again, late in the afternoon Swathi returned home with a normal look on her face Mrs. Kavita again broke the ice between them “So… Swathi… how was your exam….beta?”

“It went on good Ma.” Swathi replied.

“Come let’s have lunch I was waiting for you”.

“Yes, first let me change” Swathi made her way to her room.

‘

 murmured Mrs.Kavita under her breath. Mother can tolerate anything but the thought of seeing their children hungry haunts them more than anything else.

While eating Mrs. Kavita saw her daughter hand bare without the bracelet.

“Where is your lucky charm Swathi. I hope you did not misplace it again?” questioned Mrs. Kavita

“No, ma ! I don’t need it anymore.” Shot back Swathi giving her mother a smile.

“What…about..your….lucky…charm then?” questioned Mrs. Kavitha giving her a worried look.

“I have you amma! . You are my luckiest of all the charms in this universe. I love you.” Swathi said giving her mother a tight hug.

“I love you too beta!” her mother replied with a equally tightening hug.

__END__

