Short Story of a Girl – The glimpse of life

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a felicitous day. Sunshine had spread all over with the upcoming dawn. Fluorescence had set all over the meadows and colorful butterflies were humbling all over. A scent of love and warmth had sprawled all over. Behind a peepal tree a young maiden of twenty one was sitting, casted down and was crying herself from others. She wanted a free life but the society in which she lives kept her away from her glimpse of life.

“Rupa!…… Rupa!” a shrill voice was heard

“Coming momma” she hurriedly wiped off her tears and with a fake smile on her face she moved in.

“What happened?” Rupa spoke dizzily.

“Help me child, make today’s dinner” her mother demanded in a remorseful voice.

“But momma, tomorrow are my final exams” her facial expressions turned dull “I’ve to study”

“Those won’t help you in the walk of your life , those won’t make you a good housewife” she acted pitiless  “ Do these chores they will only help you in future”

This was a deplorable incidence in Rupa’s life. “This is what I am getting for my innocuousness and innocence” she murmured to herself “God! Save me”

“Rupa we are going out and we’ll be back by ten” her mother’s voice echoed as she banged the door “Don’t forget to make the dinner” she shouted from outside.

Akash, her brother, was watching this all family drama since sixteen years. The humiliations his sister got every time; worried him. He couldn’t resist himself every time he saw such melodrama going around. Many a times he also got beaten up due to his behavior. But  what the innocent child was doing- fighting for his sister’s rights- was also not wrong.

“Sis!” he said humbly “You go and study”

“But what about the dinner?” Rupa was vexed.

“I’ll manage it” he said “You don’t worry”

She had full trust in her brother. At ten her parents arrived. Rupa was studying. On seeing this, her mother fierced upon her like a lioness. “What are you doing? Finished up with all the chores?”

“Yes mom” she grinned “Have the dinner”

On having such a gourmand dinner her mother was shocked. And on seeing the house totally cleaned, her happiness had no bounds.

“See dear, I had already told you that Rupa is ready” Mrs. Shah said to Mr. Shah “We should have done her marriage last year”

“But…..” he interrupted “Isn’t she too young for marriage. Let her enjoy her life.”

“Why don’t you understand? She is already 21!” she sounded quaint “You know I came in this house when I was 19”

Mr. Shah was very obliging and a soft natured person. He never cared for fighting for his views on a fact. He always got on with what others said. He didn’t give much importance to his own views. In this matter too he was obliged and went on with his wife’s point of view.

Suddenly Rupa arrived in there from behind the diaphanous curtains. Her mother cooled down and spoke amicably. “Dear, don’t worry.” She said “And look I’ve some good news for you.”

“What mom? Have you bought me some new books or a laptop which I asked you to bring for me?” she expressed her desires to her.

“What rubbish” her mother murmured “No! tomorrow a boy is coming to see you.”

“Tomorrow? But tomorrow are my exams!” she whined.

“That only I was trying to tell her” Mr. Shah said “But she doesn’t understand”

“And listen mom, I am not ready.” Rupa said “Not till 24”

“Are you out of your mind?” her mother said

“No she isn’t mom, I think you are.” Akash said.

“You remain quite. It’s none of your business.”

“No. I am also a part of this family.” Akash acted mature “And I too have equal share to take decisions”

“But what’s the problem, Rupa?” her mother asked

“Mom everyone in her college will laugh on her” Akash fought with words “Understand , time has changed now”

“Yes mom, in today’s world marriage at 21 is just a dumb thing.” Rupa tried to explain her sturdy mother.

“I don’t care of the world” she acted hostile “I just wanna get rid of this burden.”

Rupa cried and went in her room. Meanwhile the three of them were still quarrelling. Mr. Shah thought of keeping his opinion. “I think children are right.”

“Now you too” she panted “God why are you all acting so stubborn?”

“Huhhh” Akash giggled “I think you are acting so since ….God knows from when. You are literate and you are still acting like an illiterate. All in vain” he turned back

His mother slapped him and he went in his room humiliating. “If you think she is a burden then leave I’ll take care of her” he banged the door.

Mr. Shah was feeling very bad. He sat in front of the fireplace; worried though. “Isn’t it too early?”

“No!” she acted furious “You just have made her sit upon your head”

“But her exams? ….. I am worried” he said but she went unlistening.

The next day was very interesting. But Rupa was just wishing that tomorrow’s sun should not rise. She was studying hard till 3.00 am and then unknowingly she felt asleep. The sun shown up with a bitter atmosphere. Rupa’s mother too couldn’t sleep after yesterday’s incidence. Her motherly love outshone. Rupa came up to make the breakfast. Her mother told her to take bit of rest and to get ready. The clock struck nine and she got ready in her best western dress. On seeing this Mrs. Shah grew fierce again. She insisted Rupa to wear a sari. Rupa followed her mother’s instructions as she didn’t want to make her mood go down again, she loved this face of her mom.

Rupa got ready in a fuss. The clock struck 9.45 and Rupa was now in her bedroom crying. On seeing pearl droplets her brother got worried. Suddenly a car came and as they both thought it was the groom’s car.

“Raj” he said

“What?” Rupa was baffled

“His name” Akash replied “He is a software engineer, age 24, and topper of his college and works in a renowned company.”

“From where did you got this information?”

“Social networking sites.”

“Rupa!” she heard her mother.

She hurriedly wiped off her tears and went down to see the groom. They had some common chat.

“What are your hobbies?”

“Dancing and yours?”

“Singing!”

There was a piece of silence then. Raj’s father, Mr. Patel then insisted them to go up in the garden and have some chat alone. They both went up. Meanwhile the three adults were having some chat.

“Isn’t it too early?” Raj asked

“Hmmm… yeah!” she felt happy

Then she told him about the atmosphere in her house. He felt very sad for her and on knowing about her exams he felt very cautious and insisted that he would drop her to her college. Rupa was feeling very happy, she wanted someone like Raj in her life.

Meanwhile the parents had also some chat and they all decided that only after the two get ready they will think about the marriage.

“Exams!” Akash said

“what?” Mr. Patel asked

“Today are her final exams….”

“Then why didn’t you tell me first, I would have came later na..”

“But…..” Mrs. Shah felt quite a bit abashed.

“Look Shah , for me education and respect for girl child matters most than anything else.” Mr. Patel said “I am not flaunted by money nor do I want any dowry. I just want a sensible and educated daughter-in-law, nothing else”

This left a bad impression on him.

“Look I was telling you na….” Mr. Shah said to his wife “You just don’t understand.”

Later when the both, Raj and Rupa, arrived the former’s father insisted him to leave the house immediately.

But Raj acted stern and said “Dad wait. I have decided to marry her” he pointed towards Rupa.

There was a glimpse of happiness on Rupa’s mother’s face. But it just lasted for a while as he continued to speak “ But only after Rupa gets ready that is when she turns 24.”

Mr. Patel felt  a sense of pride for his son’s thoughts and patted him happily. Rupa’s mother understood her mistake and felt sorry for her inhuman behavior.

“I am happy” Rupa expressed “Better late than never”

The glimpse of happiness for Rupa was to get educated and fulfill her dreams. She also desired for a boy like Raj who added a boost to her glimpse of life. She wanted a free life and now her mother also understood her emotions. Everyone has different views about their life and we mustn’t act as a barrier to make their glimpse of life, their dream, incomplete.

 

