Short Story on Family Issue – THE MIRROR

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a story of a mirror. It is said that a mirror reflects real picture but not always. This is story of the period when a country is divided into two parts. A person named kalu migrated to another country and was given a house by the govt.The house was beautiful, there was a nice looking mirror in the main room.The family of Kalu consists of two daughters and one son.The names of daughters were meena and veena and son was named gopi. There was always a quarrel between the children regarding the mirror.The mother of children was not happy because she was peace loving woman.

One day meena was combing her hairs in front of mirror there came the gopi.

Gopi-meena you are combing your hairs for such a long time I also want to use this mirror I am getting delayed for my college.This mirror is not only for you.

meena- do not argue with me.You are not a girl to put make up on your face.

Gopi-Iam not arguing.I will complain against you to mother.Here comes veena.

veena-meena please leave this mirror.

meena-now what is the problem whith you?Today everybody is in quarreling mood.now what do you want from this mirror?

veena-I have written adresses of some of my friends on it and I want the same.I am looking that they are not there.

meena-the mirror was looking dirty so I rub them all.

veena-oh!shut what you have done?

all three start quarreling on watching this the mother threatened to remove the mirror from the house.

Suddenly some people with police came to their house.On inquired it was found that he was the previous owner of the house.

The police-we want to remove this mirror, we have the permission to do so.

On listening this wife of kalu was pleased.The police started to remove the mirror,when the mirror was removed everyone in family of kalu was surprised.There was a lot of gold,silver coins and currency.The man took away all the money.Now all of them started blaming each other because they have lost wealth and of course beautiful mirror.

__END__

