Short Story Family – Love Vs Responsibility

Photo credit: 

 from 

For the first time, I was returning home after my marriage….love marriage with Sushant. Neither his nor my family were agreed but we were determined to be together. One year passed…now our parents are happy with our decision so as we. Most of the time Sushant has been working in his laptop and I keep myself busy in household chorus. Whenever he is free…we turn as lovebirds. But dint know what happened last night..we had fight over small thing and it turned crazy. He told me to go away. I…..only daughter of my parents…no one scolded…completely pampered was shocked from his behavior and decided to return home…my home.

Knock- knock…here I am. My parents were exclaimed with joy. My dad.. started dancing and mamma started giving instruction to maid for cleaning room ,for bringing  my favourite vegetables ballah..ballah. They asked about Sushant and I told them that he would join us later. Few days passed, I was upset with Sushant beaviour..he dint bother to call me..he dint bother to know where am I. I think my parents figured out that something happen between us but they dint ask me.

One day my father told me to prepare tea for them and started talking to my mamma. He told, ” After our first meeting whenever I heard the chirping of birds, I thought about you. Do you remember how much you used to speak…story and story and never- ending story.” He paused as if he went in those days and continued,” Even after marriage, you dint change for many years…but you changed after we shifted to stay with my parents and my brothers. Why?”

We stayed as joined family for many years. My father had to listen to everyone as he was the eldest among all after my dada ji. Sometime he used to scold mamma on her behavior with my aunties. He never scolded anyone even if they did mistake. All he used to say is they are my responsibility and I need to think on their perspective too. Gradually, my mamma turned as silent woman, kept herself busy with me or household works.

My father repeated,” Why?, What happened to my chirping bird?”

My mamma went inside and brought a diary. She told,” I stopped chirping because you stopped listening, you misunderstood me every time. I know sometime my behavior was not good but not always. So I started writing . Now You have time.You can read it.”

My father laughed and told,” Hmmm…..tell me any incident from your diary.”

My mamma picked one incident and told.” I don’t think you remember….first Diwali after we shifted here and ….”

Rest of the story narrated by my father, not only incidence but feeling that my mamma jotted down. Tears rolled down from my mamma’s eyes and she was staring my father as if she had many questions.

Although my tea was ready by that time but I dint want to interrupt them.

My father continued,” My sweet bird, I love you. But I had some responsibilities at that time and I wanted you to share them. I could not scold them because I had no expectation from them, but you are my better half.” My mamma hugged him tightly.

I understood what my father wanted to convey me. I went inside my room, called Sushant and told,” I love you. When will you come to pick me?”

He told,” Open the door please.”

__END__

