Short Story of Father and Daughter – I EARNED IT

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mr. Vishesh Sahu, one of the respected senior officials in Govt. of India, with his shrewd, diplomatic & creative ways of dealing with problems has won many hearts across all genres of workplace. But the seemingly strong man is nervous now, once again. And the reason is once again the same as every year. He forgot the birthday of his daughter and as usual it is she who reminds him over phone in the office. It was the 11th time, in a row, he was doing so.

“Some nuts are too tough to crack”, said his only asset – his angel – Neeti.

However the father has a way to make ammends.

“On the way back, you need to bring me my favourite chocolate”.

Those were her last words on the phone.

The clock ticked 6 & Vishesh was all guns to get back home and kneel before Neeti. Its her 11th birthday. He has tried his best to endow all love & care only a parent can on the little princess but alas !! his multitasking brain.

“Why do I do this every year ? I feel like punching myslef” and he is serious.

As he tightens his fist to punch, he remembers something and his fists open, only with helpless sweat.

“Damn again ! the car keys are on my table”.

Without  wasting a second, he rushes back to his cabin. His room was on 7th floor & the lift would have to come down from the 9th floor.

“It will be late to wait.. Lets hit the stairs”.

Suddenly he got a splash of energy and he wasn’t the class-I officer anymore, having 600 sub-ordinates under him. He was just Pop( as his daughter called him fondly). Just at the doors of his cabin, again an accident.

” Phew !! the keys are left on the car “.

” Bansi “,

He called at once & continued, ” I’ve left my cabin keys on my car. Could u please arrange sending them up ?”.

” Sure Sir”.

The ever busy man now got about 10 minutes to wait. His eyes feel on his designation plate at his door. In the 15 years or so of his career, he never had time to look at his own name. Then he walked briskly towards the window shield. Everything seemed new to him. All through his career, he has never felt that “Yes !!! I have achieved something” feeling.

To be more precise, he never cared to have that. Though proud within, there wasn’t any smile. Maybe because in all these years, he has learnt to control his emotions.

“Sir”.

He was quick to respond to the call. As Bansi opened the door and went in for the keys, he was trying to capture everything possible in the room with his eyes.

“Where was I from so many days ?”,

He repeatedly went on asking him on the way to the mall for the Bournvilee chocolate, the father-daughter pair loved.

He parked the car in the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Mall and went in for the shop. On the big advertisement hoarding, he saw the chocolate’s tagline –

“That’s why you have to earn it”.

How important the chocolate was for him during his student days, everything went on for him as a flashback. After almost 10 years, he was talking to himself.

“I used to avoid Bournville because it was to be earned & I shall present it to me with my first salary”.

He has really avoided that feeling though he has been earning for a long time. As he went into the shop,

“Sorry Sir, we are out of stock”.

“Never mind”,

he said & rushed to the Flavors ice-cream bar on the 1st floor. He was fast when something pulled back his attention. A small,happy family. His family only had he and his daughter and no one else. Neeti was his adopted child & he was unmarried.

“Have I lived upto my promise to give Neeti the pleasure of a family only by myself ?”.

The only answer that came from within was a big NO. Even the ice-cream bar had only a “no” in stock.

“Isn’t it surprising ?”, the confused man thought.

The clock ticked 7.30. He was getting late. He took a deep breath & started walking in an exhauseted manner.

“The Keyar’s should have it”,

he convinced as he walked with crossed fingers just for a chocolate. There was again a surprise for him. He took the view of the Cafe Coffee Day in the mall & after 12 years, he is reminded of every moment that made his life take this final turn, his last date.

” She came just to say a Good Bye. Neither could I stop her from going away, nor did she wanted to do so “.

Life has changed so drastically after that. His last present to her – the same Bournville & her tearsome promise that she would preserve the wrapper till her last & his final -” I will still love you forever “.

Tears dropped from his dry eyes, but this time not for failing in love. It was for the realization of what the lst 12 years have been for him. He adopted the cute little princess soon after to make someone so strong with love that heart breaks wont play a decisive role in life.

” Have I lived to my promise ? No, I haven’t”, he was prompt to reply.

“But this is it. She will be my first priority this entire life.”, he was adamant.

Wiping off his tears, he pretended to be strong again & walked towards the Keyar’s for  Bournville. But the disappointment continued. Just then the phone rang,

“Pop, are you really coming ? Its already 8”.

” Yes baby, I will be there very soon”, he said her & cut the call.

Then he murmured in continuation, ” and this time forever “, he said himself.

He was no more bothered about the chocolate. Only thing in his mind was hugging his baby tightly close to heart & have a deep breath. It was to be about 10 kms, crowdy way to his home from the mall to his home. But he was fast enough to make it in 30 minutes. Reaching the gate, he ran up the stairs to the door. Though the absence of a gift was pinching but he was fast.

He reached the door, took a few breath & finally hit the bell. He kneeled down in a position to hug her first. As Neeti opened the door, the final surprise was even biggest on that day for him. She gave him the warmest hug as he was numb at candles all over.

She burst out ” Happy Birthday Pop”.

Now he realized that it was 11th March & it was his birthday.

” You planned this surprise for me ? “, he wanted to lsiten again from her.

“Ofcourse Pop….hahaha”, she giggled.

There was a sense of shame on himself & a sense of pride for his baby angel.

” Come Pop, I have a gift”

And it was the same Bournville. Now, even his soul said,

” Finally, I have earned it “.

He gave the first bite to his little princess & then cherished all of it alone with a teary smile, as he watched her shouting & giggling all around the home. He again hugged her & said,

“I am so sorry baby”.

She winked, ” Pop, what happened ? You changed a lot “.

” No baby, I had changed a lot. But I wont let this happen again”, his soul reiterated his heart

__END__.

