Family Short Story – Monster

Photo Credit: 

I woke up in the middle of the night, finding nothing except for my bedroom door to be opened ajar.

The lights along the hallway were on.

“Stop it! Please don’t do this! You’re drunk!” I heard my mum screaming and shouting the same statement to my dad, who was apparently immersed in his everyday-alcoholic routine. He’s been like this everyday since he was fired by his old boss. My dad released his tension on my mum whenever he comes back from a nightclub with his fellow friends.

I wrapped myself in my blanket, trying to make all the screams from my mum soundproof. I couldn’t bear it anymore. I couldn’t take it anymore. I tiptoed to the door and saw something that I didn’t wish to see.

My mum was lying on the floor, half naked. My dad caged her in his arms. My mum was squirming under him. I looked at my dad in disgust, hatred and fear. He was laughing like a maniac.

The monster in front me was raping his love. I kneeled down, sobbing. “Get up and go to your room! This is none of your business, b*tch!” My dad yelled at me.

I encouraged myself and ran as fast as I could to the kitchen downstairs. I swiftly grabbed a knife and ran back upstairs.

There I was, standing behind my alcoholic dad with a knife on my right hand and Mr. Piff, my teddy bear on the left hand. I dropped Mr. Piff on the floor, lifting the kitchen ceramic knife onto the air. My mum was crying and looked like she was dying . I stabbed the devil infront me. He screamed just like my mom screamed five minutes ago, only louder and in more pain.

He stopped what he was doing. He dropped himself to the floor, trying to remove the knife on his back.

My dad stopped breathing after a couple of moments. My mum reached for myself who was crying for being a so-not-innocent girl. She hugged me and cried.

“Mama… I killed Daddy… I just couldn’t take it anymore.. He was hurting you..”

My mum kissed my forehead, “Let the past be past, honey..” I hugged my mum and Mr. Piff in the middle. I killed the monster who was abusing my mum. I killed my Daddy.

