Social Short Story – Needs and Tranquility

Photo credit: 

 from 

The young man is working in a fruit shop. His name is Raj. I know Raj for the last few years.

One day, I was purchasing fruits from his shop. While paying for the fruits taken, I left my purse on his counter. There are no more customers in the shop. He took the purse and checked that there a bundle of few thousand rupees notes. I have taken twenty thousand from ATM and straight from there I went to his shop which is next to the ATM.

I saw running hurriedly from his counter towards me when I am about to start my Bike. He is shouting, “Sir… Wait! You have forgot your purse!”

I saw him. There is sincerity. I took my purse and I took two thousand rupees notes from my purse and tried to give him. He rejected. “Sir I am working in the shop and earning three thousand as my salary. I am happy with that. I know the value of money. This amount will be needed by you. What I did is just my duty.”

What he said is right. I am in the need of this money for purchasing school uniform for my children. I showed my thanks by a flash of gratitude in my eyes.

*****

After two years, one day I am going to fruit shop, I saw Raj on the road.

“You rogue! Do you think I am blind? Come, I will hand over you in the police station.” Somebody is saying with anger. He took the collar of Raj and Raj is weeping silently.

I stopped my bike there and asked the other man, “What happened sir?”

He told me that Raj was trying to take his purse from his pocket and he took his hand in right time.

“Why you did this?” I asked Raj and he is not answering.

I requested the other man to leave the boy. I said that this boy is not a thief and he is working in a fruit shop. I also said that he has returned my purse with twenty thousand when I left it on the counter. The gentle man looked at me, believed my words and left Raj. I took Raj to a nearby hotel. Raj told me that he lost the job. He told me his story in brief.

His mother and father are on bed. They cannot move out. They have nothing to eat for the last few days. They need some medicines. He asked some money from all the known people. But nobody helped him as he lost job.

Raj said, “Needs are many and lack of money in hand makes the people do mistakes. I did this mistake. If you are not there today I will be in jail by now”

I consoled him. He took me to his house.

It is a small hut in slum area where he was happy all these days. Raj’s father is a retired watch man. His mother is house wife. The age looks more in poverty. And the gloom is around them as the hope is missing. They are happy people with what they get. They are always happy for little things. When I gave some money for medicines and food, they all were very happy and their faces flashing with bright light.

*****

I know the owner of the fruit shop where Raj worked.

“He is sincere boy as far as I know. One day, I saw him with a girl. She is the daughter of a man who is well known to me. He asked me to take away Raj from my shop as he is after that girl.”

I wondered to hear this. The owner told me that the girl is about to marry a decent boy. The proposed boy is working in a department store and earning ten thousand a month.

“Is that girl married?”

“Not yet sir, the father of the girl is trying to make the girl accept for the match. I think, the girl likes Raj very much. The father of the girl is not happy for Raj is not earning much.”

“What is he by profession?”

“He is a security guard in a bank sir.”

I did not ask the owner of the shop to take Raj again to the job. What I did not like is the character of the shop owner, who did not think about Raj who worked sincerely in his shop for many years.

*****

I know the man who is the owner of a department store. He is Shankar. I am the manager of a reputed Bank and I have helped him to get loans. The next day Shankar came to my office and I asked Shankar for a favor. Shankar looked at me with wonder, because I never asked him any thing for me.

“Tell me breeze, what can I do for you? Do you need some money? Let it be ten lakhs or more, I will arrange for you immediately.”

He calls me breeze as I am Br. I smiled. I said that I don’t need any money.

“I think that needs are just related to money Breeze. What favor you ask me to do.”

“What do you pay for an assistant in your department store?”

“It will be around fifteen to twenty thousand”

I smiled as if I am successful. I told briefly about Raj which are needed to be believed.

“Raj is a gem. If you give him the job, I feel you are giving job to someone from my family.”

Shankar smiled.

“Breeze, It is a small favor you asked me and that too for a boy you love as a human being. I love to appoint him in my department store and the boy’s starting salary is twenty thousand. Is it okay?”

I was very happy as if I got a job from him. I was thinking that I am in Raj’s character when I have asked Shankar a favor.

*****

Raj joined the store. He is earning well. So they took good house. After three months, the father of the girl came to my home.

“Thank you very much Sir. I am happy to give my daughter to Raj. Raj told me that you are like his father and if you accept for the match, only then he will marry my daughter.”

“I am happy to see Raj marry your daughter. You also know that Raj loves your daughter. So they will be happy. As elders, we have to see them happy.” I said.

Raj is married and he is happy. His parents are also healthy and as poverty gone, their ill health also vanished. One day Raj came to my house with his young wife.

“Needs are unlimited and they will spoil tranquility in life. So control the needs to be happy with what you get.” My wife advised the new couple.

They promised to follow this advice. I am sure, they will be happy as I believe what is Raj.

__END__

