: Spring… – A Touching Short Story

A Touching Short Story – Spring…

Few steps below, I could feel the restlessness in the wind and long wait by midnight stars. The slipping time was allowed to do so. And -anyway, it had the big responsibility to bring our lives nearer to the epitome of fulfilment! So, happily allowed!

I remembered the naughty discussion of ours, how she wanted a boy, just like me, and me- a girl, with her calmness. She would then mark the end of the conversation with her decision, smiling hideously at her displayed supremacy on the subject unknown. I accepted, as I loved that achiever smile of hers. That was the first thing I noticed in her. How uncomplicated was our relationship! Though arranged in pure form, yet no time taken to fall in love; as if we were always meant to be this way.

Life of a consultant was not easy! A long hour of travel, returning home at 12, yet one thing was constant everyday – she waiting for me: not proclaiming her effort to be there for me, yet bonding in her subtle way, and talking about her daily chores- that how she got a free vegetable from the vendor, how she hated our neighbor’s conversation, and how she wanted to learn something new, though not knowing her passion in exact. I smiled, and used fillers to show I was attending her innocent expression. Inside talk – I loved the simplicity of my life!

But then, something was empty. 10 years passed by, so quickly. Now we wanted to have a family, to hear some more tantrums. Hoping for the best, we went to consult a doctor.

Doctors are sometimes so disheartening, isn’t it?

‘No’ – they said!

How could I see her childhood now? How could we convert the house to home? We were simple souls, who defined a complete life with all the phases falling in at right times? So, should we accept the missing phase? As if we had an option!

But life’s irony! While attending a client meeting, I got a message from her.

‘Positive! Ha! Happy now! :)’

Every day was a countdown! My girl/ her boy would come in next spring! Properly complementing the weather!

And today was the night! I promised her I’ll be always beside her, as I promised her in the marriage vow! She looked tensed, but dared not express it. I smiled, as ever, demanding a same from her as well. She went into the labor room, assured by my reassurance that everything will be all right.

Funny these wives! They trust their husbands so much!

I was hallucinating – 

‘Sir… ummm… you have a lovely baby girl.. and.. doctor wants to talk to you’

Oh! Here it came! THE MOMENT! I rushed towards the room, but why was I stopped at the entrance by the doctor? She was murmuring some words, inexplicable-

‘Sorry…Tried hard… brave woman… baby …fine… could not…mother’

 But with ticking of hands, my mind took over my heart, and I realized my gain, and my loss. I walked inside, saw her, sleeping… relaxed, happy, that she had filled the emptiness. Fool! She did not realize the void in existence-NOW.

But my maze was broken with Aashi’s cry. She wanted a hug, badly. Me too! And this was not a nervous hold, but a tight one, reassuring, as always, that everything would be all right!

__

