Short Story Family – The flickering candle of my life….

Photo credit: 

 from 

The star studded sky was slowly turning scarlet. The hew of the sky was a treat to my eyes. Rivers whispered a melody as the wind kissed them. The velvet heather dipped in dew shone by the first ray from the mighty star. Birds chirped and bees cheered. Nature seemed to be showcasing its complete beauty. Merely had i noticed the time pass from dusk to dawn. I had almost melted into the world of nature when my dad called out “Riya….its time for us to go..”

Yes…it was time for us to leave…Today is that day I’ve been waiting for since six long dark years. Today is the day that decides the rest of my life. Six years back….there was nothing that a cheerful girl like me would worry about. There was nothing for me to be afraid of. Memories that i had buried in the deepest chambers of my heart came rushing to my head and gleamed before my eyes.

It was the most awaited day of my childhood. It was the day my sweet sibling would come to our world. I always wanted a brother…my champion. With my finger hooked in my dad’s, I walked through the hospital corridor. The sister in me had built so many wonderful dreams about that day. Since ten months I had been making up all those priceless moments with my little one in my mind. But I could not see the joy on my face on any body else’s. Rather, all i could see was fear. Grandma kept chanting prayers and dad too did not look at ease. But I had no time to notice all that. I was in my very own little world of fantasy where fear found no place. Sometime later, dad asked me to return home with grandma. I pleaded him to let me stay. But finally I had to give up.

With tears running down my cheeks, I went home with grandma. Dad and mom came home the next day. And there he was….my charming boy…wrapped in mom’s arms. I was overwhelmed. Mere words couldn’t tell how happy i was. I played,cheered, laughed and cried…..all along with my champion. He meant more than anyone and anything to me. I loved him with all my heart. He was not just my brother…he meant the world to me.

Years rolled by and my boy was 3 now. I often noticed mom and dad taking him to hospital….but i never bothered to ask them why. But dad thought I must be informed the truth now. Dad asked me to sit down and listen calmly. “Riya, please listen to daddy with a calm mind. I hadn’t told you about this because you were too young to handle this. But I think its time now… Rohan has a problem with his heart. He’ll need a surgery after 3 years to be fine.” Saying this dad broke into tears. I had never seen him cry. I cried harder…I was shattered by the cruel truth. I buried my face on dad’s shoulders and cried till tears dried up. My heart whimpered with pain and grief.

”Aren’t you ready yet..Riya?”  My mom’s voice brought me back to reality.

“Yes mom…” The tears on my cheeks had dried… I ran down the stairs and got into the car. Rohan laid on my chest….Little does he know that today is the most crucial day of his life. Nobody spoke in the car. Even silence could not be heard. I hugged my boy tight…and he held me like never wanting to let go..he listened to my heartbeats like a lullaby and i felt the warmth of his breath on my palms. There is nothing i can do for him other than to pray. I pray to the almighty to bring him back to me.

I haven’t finished loving him yet….I haven’t cared for him enough. There are so many moments yet to be shared…so many memories yet to be made….. He is 

. The candle that may lose its blaze any moment…..

–END–

