Story of a Girl – Unwritten Diary

I am one day baby. I am in the cradle. I am trying to understand people around me and the new world I have stepped in. This is a peculiar world. The creatures I see are in quite nice dresses of many colors and talking something. I don’t know what they are talking. I am quite unfamiliar with the language which is very different. But I can understand one thing that they are happy for my arrival. 

This is a Saturday. A man with no shirt and white dhoti came. This man is called 

 . A function is celebrated and this one is called 

They named me Sweetie. I am now in a position to understand the language. Sweetie is sugar. I don’t like sugar. I drink milk from my mother with our sugar. So as a matter fact I did not like this name. But I really don’t know how to oppose and reject the names. 

 

This is a busy Friday. A man with no shirt and white dhoti came. This man is called 

. He chanted some mantras. I am asked to write something on rice. They say that this is called 

What he made me to write on the heap of rice are called 

. He took all that rice with him along with his fees, after half an hour function. 

This is a good Monday. I am announced top student of my class. I was not happy to see this as other students are unhappy and they started envying me. I don’t know who has invented ranks in school that makes some people unhappy. 

This is a special Wednesday. I have got a seat in medicine without a donation. Dad told me that I am lucky to get seat, as he was unable to buy a paid seat for me. I like Wednesday as good for I got a seat in medicine.

This is a Tuesday. I got my medicine degree on this day. I was made happy by my family members that Tuesday is my lucky day. I should go to temple on every Tuesday. My father says that I should see Lord 

 in 

on Tuesday only, as I got my MBBS degree on this day.

This is a very special Thursday. I am married with a business man. This day is a special one in my life, because my husband asked me to leave my practice as medical professional. He told me that he is earning good, so my earnings are not necessary for our family and I must be a god housewife to look after the family and house. 

__END__

