Family Short Story – Love, Divorce, Marriage and a Thought

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sridhar returns home at night after a tiring day at the office. As he laid back in the sofa and closed his eyes, he was lost in thoughts.. “Why did she do this to me? I loved her very much ..my love was sincere..how can she be so heartless towards me.. was her love false from the beginning…how I was blind in love..its been 10 years..but I am not able to come out of it..how can she ruin my life.“  His eyes were wet with grief.

Sridhar had a love marriage 10 years ago against his parent’s wishes and was staying separately. But within a week of their marriage things changed drastically. The girl was no longer loving towards him. She became aggressive for petty reasons and sometimes for no reason at all. Over a month petty quarrels led to tantrums , nagging, extravagant lifestyle etc. Things took an ugly turn when she started physically abusing him. Sridhar showed immense patience for few more months but could not ever figure out the reason for her rude behavior. After 1 year they got separated legally and presently Sridhar stays with his parents working in a Software firm in Hyderabad.

A gentle touch by his mother brings Sridhar back to this world.  While having dinner, his mother said,“Your aunt gave a call in the afternoon. She was mentioning an alliance for you. Sridhar, how long will you cry over your past? I want you to remarry and its high time you settle down. You are already 40.”

“Ma! I too am not against marriage. But what if I get a similar minded girl another time? I fear only this. I have no mental strength to face all this anymore.”

“Not all women are same. I will not force you but I suggest we go and see the girl this Sunday. She is Gita and had a mutual divorce with her husband a few years ago and ..and…”

“and..what Ma?”

“She has a 8 year old son”, told her mother hesitatingly.

“What! Frankly , I am not so broad-minded to marry a mother of 8 year old. Neither can I accept the child. No way.. no point in meeting them.”

“Before drawing any conclusions, lets meet them this Sunday. Consider this as an obligation and a request from my side” ,convincingly told his mother.

Unwillingly, only for his mother’s sake Sridhar accompanied by his parents started to meet Gita and her family.

After an hour long journey they reached the house and were warmly welcomed by Gita’s parents. As they were entering the house a boy was rushing out with cricket bat in his hand. Sridhar guessed him to be Gita’s son and his mood became unpleasant.

Their house was simple and neat. After the initial pleasantries, Gita was introduced. She is good looking and decent.

Sridhar gathered guts and said,” I want to talk to Gita in private.” They were led to a small balcony. Both sat down and their apprehension was visible on their faces.

Before Sridhar could start, Gita began,” I have something to share with you. Its regarding my son.” Sridhar thought in his mind,”yes, its the same thing I wanted to discuss”.

“I have decided to put my son,Vijay in the hostel. My parents will bear his expenses and they will be his guardian too. I have nothing to do with him. I don’t like him. I don’t want to see his face. He resembles his dad whom I hate the most. His dad was a drunkard and I went through a lot of suffering and physical torture. “

Sridhar had nothing to say. What is happening is exactly what he wanted. Now, he did not find any reason to say no to this alliance. After conversing for some more time Sridhar felt that Gita was apt for him in all respects.

Within the next few months they got married. Gita proved to be an ideal wife who is very loving , wise and takes care of Sridhar and his parents well.

Days and months passed happily and Gita delivered a boy within their 2 years of marriage. They named him Rohan. He was very chubby ,cute and very active. Years passed in a jiffy while both Sridhar and Gita enjoyed their parenthood and did their best for their son. Rohan is now 8 years old.

One Sunday evening, Gita and Sridhar are having cup of tea in their balcony and watching Rohan playing cricket in the playground below. A sudden thought passed his mind. “When I went to meet Gita for the first time, I saw his son with cricket bat and he was of the same age like Rohan.” Sridhar himself is very much surprised at this passing thought as all these years neither Gita nor he bothered about Vijay. Neither discussed about his well-being.

That night Sridhar could not sleep. Rohan slept cuddled between him and Gita that night. Sridhar could see a happy and secured feeling on Rohan’s face while he was asleep. “A child needs both parents for his overall development. Child feels secure and confident in parents’ love. But..but what about Vijay? Am I at fault? Neither Gita nor me wanted him. But what is his fault? His resemblance to his dad? Just because I was not broad-minded to accept another man’s son, I kept him at bay. I never tried to think from a child’s point of view. May be now that I am a father my thinking has changed and vision has broadened. Hmmm… its not too late even now. “

The next morning, Gita woke him up with a hot cup of tea. Sridhar gestured her to sit beside him. Sridhar held Gita’s hand and said,” I am very happy and feel blessed that God has given us second chance of life. I am extremely lucky to have you as my life partner. “

Gita replied,”I am more blessed..you have accepted me though I had a son. You are so understanding and I am leading a very happy and contented life now. “

“But I have to share few thoughts which are lingering in my mind since yesterday. I feel you will understand my thoughts. Its about your son Vijay…” Sridhar explained her all his thoughts and feelings towards Vijay.

Gita felt very uneasy inside but somewhere she found Sridhar right and wise. She said,” Vijay is now 16 yrs old. Do you think he will accept us? “

Sridhar was optimistic and firmly wanted to bring Vijay home.

That very day itself both Gita and Sridhar went to Vijay’s hostel and brought him home. Vijay was very reluctant and was angry and upset within and questioned,”Why after all these years?”  Sridhar explained him everything and felt sorry for him . He ensured he would set everything better. “Vijay.. what has happened has happened. I will try my best to be a friend and guide to you always.”

Though it was not at all easy for Vijay to trust and accept the family, Sridhar with his optimistic attitude gave equal attention and love to both Rohan and Vijay. It may take some more time for Vijay to come out of his shell but Sridhar is now able to sleep happily with a sense of contentment.

–END–

