Suspense Short Story – Vengeance

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was a businessman until I changed my path of life. I lost my family in a war between business and life. My wife left me and she took our young kid, but even they left me I felt happy that they were safe. That happiness din’t last long as my family was killed by some kidnappers for the sake of threatening me. The money that’s all they wanted from me, I would have given them everything for saving my family. But they din’t have any courtesy on me.

I presumed innocent but law judged me as a murderer of my family, evidence of the murder was against me. I was sentenced until I prove my innocence; the pending case is on the steps of law room. Dollars masked the jury and law itself. The powerful lawyers were attending my case as my money worth for it. My suite had changed its color and texture that suited much for the life time prisoner.

The bars taught me the silence and calmness for a week. The only powerful weapon against injustice is silence until the truth comes out. Pregnancy and truth are some related terms that can’t be hidden. I got a partner by the end of the same week of January, mostly the month January gets some kind of friendship with somebody this was my Nostradamus thinking that came true that day.

That guy was really smooth but playful as his age demands. He was sharing information about girls he enjoyed and murders he made. He was a life sentenced guy but with his strength of political power he may live out from the bars soon. We dressed up daily and work for earning in the lawn and mine inside the jail.

The week started as usual I was not able to prove myself innocent; I was tracked back to the same cell. Further hearing was delayed due to jury’s disposal. I remained calm that day, my partner came with disturbance. I calmed him down by starting a story that I was about to write, I even started writing those days to make myself busy.

The story had many vengeance and many murders, as the guy indulged in story I started to have day breaks in between to increase the interest towards that story. The story is all about the businessman, who kills his enemies with different killing techniques. The story dragged my partner as it was simply interesting for him.

Final chapter of story I was saying to him, just about to be finished the bell rang for dinner. Mostly I ate alone as I need privacy to think over my mysterious past. On returning to my cell I found my partner in the cell was missing. The whole night he was missing and nobody was checking his absence, as there was a parade held for the jailers at nights on every month end. In the morning I was hearing alarms everywhere and there was a crowd near the well. I too went there to see what was happened, I saw a dead body with no scars and blood. I found my partner in the cell was murdered.

I said to his dead ears, “the epilogue of the story is about your death”.

I went silently to my cell with a smile of comfort in life. I knew the guy was one of the murderers of my family. Others were dead by my hands already but police records are washed with the same money I had. This guy escaped by coming to the jail for some other reason. So it took a second for me to plan to come here and get his life for the sake of my vengeance over the murderers.

 __END__

