Short Story of a Girl – TEARS-The Signature of Love

TEARS-The Signature of Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a heavy shock to the entire world every one was feeling pity on Japan (Hiroshima and Nagasaki)…… It was not the usual happening……. There was blood shed every where and no one was live found on that incident….

“Even the day to day human life faces such an terrible attack in their heart… which are sometimes more cruel than Hiroshima and Nagasaki…. But most of the time the reason this terrible heart ATTACK is the Lack of Love and care…. The result of this is not the Blood shed always, but it sometimes bargains the most beautiful and sacred liquid called TEARS…. It rolls down the eyes not only at the bad time,its not the liquid of bad sign but it is- a sign of love and care… Now it rolls down for the precious and most beautiful moment in every one’s life that is the “BIRTH”… May your daughter’s life filled with all such beautiful moments…”- Christian nun blessed and handed the cute and beautiful girl baby to Ravi…..

Ravi was speechless and saw that cute little baby with a smile that occurs millions of years once. The little bud was crying out loud for no reasons and He was at his verge of life and nothing could stop his happiness. He realized that “TRUE LOVE IS FAR APART FROM KNOWLEDGE, AGE, LANGUAGE, SEX, AND RACES” which was the knowledge gained by Ravi by his daughter’s “FIRST TEARS”… with that thought he took his “Precious wealth” to his wife Revathi. The couples were at the most magic moments and they were cherishing their little one, without knowing that she is going to teach them a very big lesson on Life with Her beautiful and precious Tears…….

It was a brisk morning and everybody in Ravi’s home was very busy in their work none was found normal either his wife nor him. Even Ravi’s younger daughter who was a just born kid was not exceptional for this, Ravi knocked the bedroom door and asked “Anu are u ready”, the door opened very slowly Daddy!!!!…

Ravi Became nervous after seeing his daughter in a school uniform, it was first day of Anu’s school life. Ravi dropped his daughter in front of the school and Anu kissed Ravi in his chin and walked into the school with her words “Bye Daddy”.Ravi felt a droplet of water on his chin and realized that it was his daughters “TEARS” till that moment Ravi was bit strong and happy in his heart, but this small drop of TEAR made his life frustrated at a moment. the whole day he thought about his precious daughter and felt the real pain of missing someone for the first time. He learnt the “Pain of Missing”……

It was an sweet Sunday and every one in Ravi’s family was in their leisure hours. Revathi was little relaxed and was concentrating on her house-hold works. the Anu and her sister was playing in their room. Suddenly Anu screamed in a loud voice by calling her mom. Revathi and Ravi was shocked with that sound and ran into the room to see what happened.

It was Anu who shouted and she was lying on the floor. Revathi realized the issue and lifted Anu to her room.Anu’s head was on the Revathi’s shoulder the TEARS rolled down the Revathi’s Shoulder which made Revathi to think about her mom, Revathi realized the “UN-EXPLAINED LOVE” of her mom,the LOVE now she is showing to her Daughter is what She got from her Mom before 30 years.She said to herself that it was one of the most important moment of Anu’s life. Anu was still nervous and was shouting in pain. Revathi came out of the room and explained Ravi that Anu has attained “Puberty”. Ravi was half happy and half a way shocked. he could never believe that moment and Realized that it has become 13 years from the date of Anu’s birth……..

 

,

Anu was 18 now her tears were not teaching his parents or anyone for the past 6 years, The Day came on which the Anu’s life and her principles, which she followed for years were changed in a moment. by a single word called “LOVE “. Sam a 17 years old boy, joined her class on that Thursday. Anu felt something good on Sam’s presence even Sam too felt happy about Anu’s friendship. Both were true to each of them there was no ego, and lots of love.

“THE SPARK OF LOVE COMES IN THE LIFE AT THE UNEXPECTED MOMENTS”. Sam and Anu was not the exceptional…..

For the first time in Anu’s life Anu Respected Sam more than her father, she never liked a guy other than her father and never respected also, it was strange to her and she could not control her feelings.That day evening Anu and Sam went out, Anu who was triggered by that strange feeling proposed Sam and kissed him for the first time after long years those “PRECIOUS LIQUID” came out the Anu’s eyes. That simple kiss and a droplet of tears brought a drastic change in Sam’s mind. He felt as if he is in his mothers womb. he too cried that day and accepted Anu’s love and care………..

After facing many obstacles Anu and Sam were in their marriage dress…. Both were really nervous and they cant explain that in words… On the day of marriage The Anu’s “TEARS” thought every one a big chapter of Love and care… Sam started to think about her sis both the parents thought about their respective mother’s… especially Anu’s sister felt the great pain as She is going to miss her most beautiful and first friend “Anu”…..

Ravi again realized that it has become 24 years from the “FIRST TEARS” of Anu now he could realized what his daughter have thought him she dint teach him anything

“SHE JUST MADE EVERYONE TO REALIZE AND TO CHERISH THE LOVE THAT THEY RECEIVE FROM OTHERS” ……………

Each and every one in Anu’s family missed her and Ravi said to himself “WHAT A BEAUTIFUL LIFE MY DEAR DAUGHTER, THANKS FOR THAT, LOVE U FOR EVER”…..

Ram….. Ram….. where are u? my kid…… called Swetha….

Yes mom coming……. replied Ram

Do u remember what is the date today….. Swetha said

Yes mom i do remember even i am reading my Grandfather’s blog only……. Ram said

Enough of reading Ram put a garland on their photo its the first year Death anniversary of my parents….. Swetha said

Ya mom saying that Ram left the Blog page with his comment “My parents and me are lucky to get you both and love uuuuuuu grand parents”………………

Ram garlanded their photo with a “TEAR” and in that photo it was written as

“SAM & ANU”

“DATED: 24/05/2074″…………

 __END__

