Teenager’s Story – Great birthday surprises

Photo credit: 

 from 

Angela woke up suddenly after seeing on her alarm clock that it was now7.30am. She was still yawning slighly, after not having slept much that night. Today was May 5th. It was officially May Day Bank Holiday. Which meant Angela thought happily, there was no school today. It was also Angela`s 13th birthday on this same date. It felt such a big transition to Angela being in between being a child and grown adult. Though she was looking forward to becoming a teenager. 13 still known as the terrible teens.

She slowly got out of bed and opened up her wardrobe. Rifling through her entire wardrobe to decide on what she would wear for her birthday party, she finally came across her beautiful looking turquoise party dress. It was currently her most favourite dress which she wore only for special occasions. She only wore the dress just the once for going to a disco party at her friend Lisa`s house last year on her birthday. It was a lovely gift bought from her mother for her birthday last year from a rackhams clothing sale. She was absolutely delighted that day. Being greatly into fashion like most teenage girls her own age, inside her wardrobe was crammed with so many clothes. Of all colours and styles including some designer clothing with DKNY labels. It was currently the latest trend going round the year eight year group. Towards the bottom of her wardrobe she had a pretty large high heeled shoe collection. Even though her mother didnt really approve of her youngest daughter wearing high heeled shoes. Stating they could cause serious foot problems in the future. Angela also collected heaps of Hello teen magazines which were stored tidily on her bedroom book shelf case just above her office desk. She was really tidy compared to her eldest sister Hannah funnily enough. Funny how so close sisters could be so different. Still she was so bubbly and popular. And also smart. She was currently studying at her first year of Sixth Form College at A level English and Biology science.

Angela walked to the bathroom to have a quick shower and get changed into her blue dress. Down below she heard the drooning of the hoover from downstairs. As usual her mother was always houseproud. Afterwards she carefully climbed down the steep stair case and her mother switched off the hoover. When she walked into the kitchen her mother and father said “Happy Birthday!” to her while standing in the kitchen. Their kitchen looked so white and pristine like something out of a home interior magazine. Walking into the living room which got repainted last month in a pale cream dulux colour with a matching cream lamp and woolen rug. As well as a cream leather sofa. Hannah, her sister was sitting on the sofa eating some yoghurt with cereal while watching some television show. She looked up and said”Happy Birthday!” and showed Angela where her birthday presents were kept beside the big bookcase. Angela excitedly ripped off all the wrapping paper off each of her individual presents. Her first present was a lovely scented citrus perfume bought from her sister from Boots. Her mother gave her a matching turquoise blue necklace hanging on a silver chain. What a delightful present her mother bought for her. And her dad gave her a new CD of groovy disco music. Disco music was Angelas favourite type of music to listen to. Angela then went back into the kitchen to thank both her parents for their presents and hugged them. Her parents that morning were really busy preparing the party food.

A few hours later her friends Lisa and Grace turned up for her birthday party at around 12.15pm. They were wearing almost identical lime green long dresses. They had been friends since they were in third grade at school. They had lots of fantastic times together, when they went around to each others houses some Saturdays. She had recently found out that her friend Grace, took part in an acting competition and won out of all the hundreds of participants. She was straight away landed an acting role in a horror film. She was going to be a famous child star. Her friends gave her her presents including a best friends forever necklace and a classic novel of Great Expecations by Charles Dickens. That afternoon before the party, they first had fun upstairs in Angelas bedroom playing her new disco cd and dancing and singing along to the tracks. They also played a game of pictionary together and Angela won.

All her family and friends ate all the party food until they were stuffed up like turkies. They shortly then went into the dining room to cut Angelas birthday cake into slices. The birthday cake looked so magnificant- it was a triple chocolate cake with a really light sponge, such rich chocolate buttercream topped with smooth milk chocolate as icing. With a good helping of smarties on top. So mouthwatering.

For a little while Angela and her friends went to watch the Great Expectations film part one drinking their chocolate milkshakes. Whilst Rachel and her parents drove off to go to her relative Jills house in the next small village Hudsley. Just six miles away. They had such a fantastic party.

__END__

