The Bread Winner

Photo credit: 

 from 

10 year-old Rishab grew up the hard way in life, where he lost his father a year ago. His mother who had never stepped out of the house to work, was forced to. She used to clean and cook in three houses and come back and feed the children with the best of things.

Rishab was the eldest and Rina was 6 years old and Risha was 2. Rishab would never cry or complain, however he always felt that he should study well and take over his mother’s burden. Days passed into years and Rishab quickly grew into a handsome young lad and found a part time job for himself as he was studying in Pre University first year. The small income he used to get, he was able to keep the little sisters a little happy by taking care of their needs. His main aim in life was to give his mother some rest and give the best education to his two little sisters.

Rina became an Engineer and got a job in a Multinational company and started earning but unfortunately she did not realize the amount of sacrifice his mother and Rishab had done to educate her. She would spend the money lavishly forgetting her past. She found a match for herself and told her mother and elder brother. Her brother with his small income got her married in the best way.

Risha studied hard and became a doctor, by now Rishab found a job overseas and moved to earn more for the family. He sacrificed the years where he had to play and enjoy with friends. He forgot to eat when he was hungry saving every penny for the family. Rishab was 32 now and he said if I wait for a few more years, I will need to be a bachelor all my life. So he found a match and he got married. Rishab and his wife Mona would save every small thing for Risha and Rina, such was their love for the family. The sisters would never think of the sacrifices done by the sister in law and the brother. Risha found her match and the groom had a lot of demands. Rishab fulfilled every wish of theirs. After Risha’s wedding Rishab decided to come back and settle down in his hometown. The mother and the sister’s were not in favor of the brother coming back, they became greedy for money and a lavish life. They had forgotten the past. Rishab became the duck laying the golden egg.

One fine day Rishab lost his job and had to return home, he was shocked to see the behavior of his mother and siblings in reality. That is when he realized that people can be selfish and not knowing this he had sacrificed his youth, his good health and well being for his family and at his time of need there is none to support him except his better half.

__END__

