Family Suspense Short Story – Feeling The Heat

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Chandru is a guy who had come to Chennai for studies and he’s in love with a girl named Nisha. Nisha did her schooling in a foreign country and came to Chennai for studies. Chandru was more affectionate to her and used to roam with her always.They both were studying in different branches but he used to sit in her class and chat with her as the faculties of her class does not considers anything.

One day they both went outside to have lunch in a nearby restaurant,  when she went to wash her hands a guy misbehaved with her. On seeing it Chandru injured that guy badly,she went to stop him and scolded him badly for behaving like that,she pulls him and leaves the place. After that they bunked their college and went for a long ride in a bike to ECR, in that road they parked their bike aside and were chatting in a candy bar. Chandru was saying about his family to her and when he asked her to say about her family suddenly a calls comes to her from her dad. Her dad told her to go home as soon as possible,they left the place.

As next day was holiday for them, he was bored in his house so he calls her and comes to know that she was doing shopping in a super market,he gets ready within a minute to join her. She made a naughty smile on seeing him,as the market was not crowded he was behaving so romantically. At that place Nisha saw few guys who were staring at them and considered them to be the rowdies of Durai. She catches his hands and runs as those guys chased them.

Finally they both went inside a running train for escaping from them. Chandru was shocked to see that act and was questioning her a lot.

She told him that”my father Jeyan is a big don in North Chennai. He always used to clash with a other guy named Durai. Durai is also a big guy like my dad who is also ruling in that place. Jeyan’s intension is to kill me as he wants to prove all that he is best than my dad. For that reason only I was made to study in abroad,after my studies I told my dad that I would not leave him and study again in some other place. As Jeyan came to know about me,he started his work on targeting me”.

Chandru was shocked to know about the story behind her. Since he was a brave guy he told her that he will take care of her problem.

In college also he was thinking about that incident and was unable to concentrate. He went to Durai’s place and enquired about everything regarding him. He saw those rowdies sitting in the market and disturbing the public. He saw other gang and considered them to be the Jeyan’s group, for no reason those both gang started to fight with each other. He was having many doubts regarding that so he calls her to the usual place where they both used to meet.

It was night time in beach they both were chatting for a while, Chandru went to buy some ice cream for them. Chandru was speaking with a girl for long time in that place on seeing it Nisha felt more jealous and when she got up from the sand to call him those guys came again and attacked Nisha,stabbed her she shouted”Chandru!!”on seeing him. Chandru saw her and acted like not seeing and started to run with a girl whom he was speaking with,everyone in that place ran out on seeing that murder.

On seeing him Nisha was shocked and doesn’t knew the reason”why he was doing like that?”and was thinking about the girl whom he was speaking with. Due to loss of blood she died. Chandru ran on seeing the crowd dispersing, to see her.He was horrified to see her in dead condition.The other guy whom Nisha saw was not Chandru it was Gautham who was like Chandru(look alike). Chandru saw those rowdies walking back,he shouted and ran to hit them.Gautham saw him and was shocked to see him as he was like him,he is feared guy so he left the place with her.Chandru was fighting with those guys and those rowdies doesn’t knew whom it was,so they injured him badly and threw into the sea.

On hearing that her daughter had died Jeyan was unable to take it easy and was more angered with him.Jeyan doesn’t knew what to do and in one situation he came to know that Durai was also having a daughter. No one knows that Durai was having a daughter as he didn’t told anyone. Nearly after 20 years everyone came to know about his daughter whose name was Divya. She came to home and was happily spending her leave with her dad and she told him that she is in love with a guy named Gautham(she was the girl in beach with whom he was speaking). Her dad accepted to it and arranged for a marriage,he requested her to settle in a foreign country with him.

When Gautham came to their home,those rowdies who were at that place were shocked to see him as they all considered him to be Chandru.After when Gautham left out of home those rowdies told Durai that his name was not Gautham,his real name is Chandru and explains him the every incident. Durai concludes that it was a plan arranged by Jeyan that in order to kill his daughter only he has sent him. Durai calls his daughter and starts to enquire about the Gautham.

She says to him that”I know Gautham from my schooling.From our high school we both were in love with each other.During our college also we both used to roam together,he was so truthful to me and used to share everything me and I also used to say everything.He stole my heart so I stole his name to keep it after mine….”

Durai believed in her words and asked her to call Gautham for enquiring about his family. Gautham goes to his home and says to him that he is an orphan taken care by a guardian named Selva,after a long speech Durai told him that he would like to see his guardian. After speaking with Selva when Durai stepped out of the house Selva told to Gautham that he was having sister and something regarding his dad as Selva thought that it was right time for him to know about his family. Gautham was shocked to know regarding it and was thinking a lot.He doesn’t knew whom his father was from childhood and didn’t had any idea regarding his sister.

Mean while Durai was arranging for the marriage.Jeyan comes to know that Durai’s daughter is going to married,so he asks his group to kill both Gautham and Divya.Next day in market Durai’s group saw Selva speaking with Jeyan and those rowdies rushed up to say it to Durai.When they told him everyone concluded that Gauthum and Chandru are same(single person).

Durai also plans to kill Gautham because of it.Gautham was in a big trouble as both the gangs intension is to kill him.Durai was discussing about Gauthum with his group and plans to arrange another set of rowdies to kill him as his daughter must not knew that he had only killed him.In same way Jeyan was speaking with his group and asks them to kill him in short span as they were not having enough time.When those rowdies stepped out of the home,Selva stepped in at the same time,on seeing him Jeyan smiled and told his plan on killing Gautham. Selva was shocked on hearing to it and says to him that Gautham is his son. Before twenty five years the fight between Jeyan and Durai was so wild because of that in order to save his family he dispatched his son and daughter but unfortunately her daughter died. Jeyan’s group caught Gautham as he was roaming and when they were about to kill him they got call from Jeyan,they were asked to call off the plan. Jeyan requested Selva that Gautham must not know that he is his dad. Jeyan was in confused state doesn’t knew what to do,he realises all his mistake considering about his son and future he decides to quit his game against Durai.

The group which was freshly arranged by Durai captured Gautham and took him to Durai’s ware house.Durai made a call to him and told him that Gautham is with him,on hearing to it Jeyan rushed to his place with his group.He went to his house and didn’t found him.They went to that ware house and big quarrel was going on between them.The other rowdies of Durai were hiding.On seeing Jeyan all those rowdies came out.On seeing those rowdies Gautham eyes fierce to red and he injured those rowdies badly.Divya came to that place in search of her dad and was shocked to see him fighting.

She requested her dad to leave him but he didn’t accepted to her. Jeyan made a call to police for saving his son.Suddenly she gets a call on seeing display she was shocked as it was indicating “Gautham calling”. She was shocked to hear his voice in mobile and was unable to believe it,she asks him to come to the spot immeditaely. When he came all were shocked to see him and everyone came to know that he was only Gautham. When those rowdies asked whom he was,he told them”Chandru…”.He injured those rowdies badly as they killed Nisha.

After that big fight when Chandru went to kill Durai, he threw the knife aside and went back on his way without speaking anything. Chandru realized that his mobile was missing and hoped that it would be in that warehouse as it would have been missed while fighting. Gautham was so happy on seeing his dad. Cops came and solved their issues. In that death fear Durai compromises with Jeyan. Everything happened as always in fine manner. Gathum saw his sisters picture in Chandru’s mobile and felt a lot for her. Chandru came again and took his mobile from Gauthum’s hand,walked back. Chandru ran to stop him and thanked him for showing his sister back again.

__END__

