Funny Cock and Bull Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

.

“I love cock. Let us go there.”

 “I love bull. Let us go there.”

 Two friends who arrived in the new city are quarrelling.

 They are standing before a cab outside the City Railway Station.

 “Which cock you mean sir?” Cab driver asked them.

 “How many Cock hotels are here?”

 “There are more than a dozen cock hotles in the city.”

 “What, more than a dozen Cock hotels?”

 “Yes sir, Red cock, Blue cock, Black cock, Orange the cock, Rose your cock, Beauty the cock… Like this.”

 “Wow! What about Bull Hotels?”

 “Bull Hotels are plenty sir. I cannot count, may be more that twenty or twenty five.”

 “Which hotel is best for staying?”

 “It depends on your needs.”

 “What needs? Everybody as a traveler likes needs as the only comfort to stay in a hotel.”

 “You are wrong sir. Comfort is different from man to man, woman to woman and boy to boy and also girl to girl. Food is a comfort, Bed is a comfort, company of a girl or boy is a comfort and so on, gambling is a comfort, your drinking circle is comfort… and so on sir.”

 Both the friends looked at the cab driver and the story of cock and bull in the city.

 “Then, what do you suggest for us?”

 “I cannot suggest a hotel for you sir?”

 “Why can’t you?”

 “Because, I am seeing you first time, I don’t know your likes and dislikes.”

 “We are pure vegetarians and we don’t have any special likes or dislikes.”

 “Then you can go for “NO SPECIAL” sir.”

 “Where is it?”

 “It is everywhere sir.”

 “What do you mean by that?”

 “You can just close your eyes and go to any hotel blindfolded. It will be NO SPECIAL hotel, “

 “How?”

 “You did not select it with any special interest, so it is.”

 “Suppose if that hotel is very bad?”

 “What do you mean by bad sir?”

 “With no minimum comforts and courtesy.”

 “Again, comforts and courtesy vary from place to place and man to man. If you are not good, your rating about the ‘good’ is not good. This is what my grand-mother says. “

 “You mean to say that if we are not good, the hotel we stay is not good?”

 “Perfect. You exactly got my point sir.”

 “How is that? Can you explain?”

 “Yes sir.”

 “Please explain.”

 “Suppose if you are angry and scold the hotel boy, he will take vengeance on you. He will supply you the food with cockroaches, dirty and filthy Bed Sheets and wrong drinks with cheap liquor.”

 “Oh you are rich in knowledge.”

 “So every hotel is good if you are good.”

 “Is it not a cock and bull story?”

 “Again you are going on your wrong track sir.”

 “How can you say that…?”

 “Very simple, Cock is a lovely bird that gets up early in the morning and starts calling all the people to wake up with his alarm voice of cock-a-doodle-do and the bull… it is a nice animal to work hard in the filelds and it is a memorable word for hard workers in the society.”

 “My goodness, take us to any hotel.”

 “Now I like you sir, because you have confidence in me. I never disappoint people who love me with great confidence.”

 Friends sat in the cab and the cab driver is taking them to the worst hotel where he will get good tips.

__END__

 

