Funny Short Story – My crazy dreams….

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Hey guys.. My name is Sruthisparkles.. I’m a college student with a lots of crazy stuff in my mind… May be because of that i guess i hold a lot of crazy weird dreams… Well i don’t remember most of my dreams but a few.

Through this story club i would like to share one of my weirdest dream that has totally messed out my mind like a hell…it is…

It’s a fine and a beautiful morning… I’m just walking along the fields and there i have noticed a person who is staring me..

I couldn’t see his face but i’m just walking along the fields.. having fun with the chicks along those snowy green plants…

Well after sometime i started going back to my home and while walking home i felt like some one is just following me…

Don’t know why but i felt like looking at him but out of fun i just ran home with excitement…

When i got home i looked back if he is still there to follow me or not.. but suddenly i found him in front of my eyes.. He is tall and i couldn’t remember his face but he hold a cute smile ever…He just took out a letter and is going to give me but instead it’s received by some other person

Out of confusion i turned back to see who it was and to my surprise it’s my mom….

I was shocked … speechless….

To my surprise she is in her teenage form…

I just opened my mouth and turned towards him

To the extent he is staring at my mom.. and he said … “You are so beautiful young lady, would you be as my bride”

my breathe has got suddenly stopped and i said “what the hell!! she is my mom”

He said are you joking “she might be your younger sis”

My mind has gone collapsed .. i just couldn’t digest myself at that situation…

I just stood like a rock and watching them with a great shock…..

And then “tick tick tick ring ring” a phone call .. i woke up and its already morning…. I’m still in a shock and when i just shared out my dream with my mom she laughed like a hell….

So that is my crazy dream…….

__END__

