Short Story – A Close Encounter…

Photo Credit: 

“Just relax…”She whispered, her voice calm. As if on cue, my tension reduced a bit. We were in her cabin, me without my coat or purse and she in her uniform, sizing me up slowly. She’d brought me here a couple minutes ago, dragging me by my arm from my spot where I waited for my turn.

“Remove your footwear.” She ordered. Her voice had a certain charm – she spoke politely and gently, yet every word sounded like an order one wouldn’t dare to disobey.

I complied, stepping out of my sandals. She pushed them aside as she kneeled over. I could see her on her knees, her beautifully toned body close to mine. It was strangely arousing, and her perfume (vanilla, I think) just added to the excitement in the air.

Suddenly her hands were at my ankles, grabbing them stiffly. Her hands groped around, steadily, feeling my body through the fabric, slowly advancing upwards. Up my calves… the back of my knees… my thighs… She was confident in her ministrations, her hands steady, as she advanced up my legs. A shiver ran down my body as her finger-tips brushed my thighs.

“Just stand still.” she ordered again in her sweet-and-gentle-yet-demanding voice.

What happened next came as a surprise. She left my thighs and stood up. Her hands found my abdomen, roaming all over it slowly yet steadily. She was assertive, her hands fluttering everywhere, patting down every inch of my body slowly, provocatively through my top. I didn’t have a bra underneath, and she could easily see that I mused uncomfortably. Her palms covered my breasts and a chill ran down my spine. 

 I asked myself. I could run, I wanted to, but I didn’t. I don’t understand why, but being there with her felt safer than the idea of going out. It was strange- but I couldn’t bring myself to run, or even protest. Her hands felt intruding, yet safe. She roamed over my chest, my back, armpits… fluttering.., searching.., patting… giving me a light, sensual massage. I decided to go through it, a part of me hoping it’d end soon while the other not so.

She was an authoritarian, her hands steady and confident as she felt the inside of my thighs. I felt a little violated, with her bossy personality commanding me around, but at the same time, she was gentle, her hands caressing me lightly. Her hands had a purpose, it seemed, for they never stopped, touching me everywhere relentlessly.

She stopped her actions altogether, as if she was done, and stood in front of me. With a slight smile on her lips, she stepped forward, her face now inches away from mine, her perfume assaulting my nostrils. She lifted her hands as if to embrace me, and I closed my eyes in submission, waiting for it.

Instead, her palms landed softly upon my lower back, just above my hips. I gasped.

“Just relax..” she repeated in her same calm-yet-demanding tone.

Her hands were above my butt-cheeks, still roaming. I didn’t realize I was all clenched up until she put her hand just above the curve of my hips and patted lightly.

“Its okay, ma’am. You can board your flight now.” She said politely.

