Funny Short Story – LAUKI KI SABZI…

Funny Short Story – LAUKI KI SABZI…

“Mummy what’s in the dinner tonight?” Although my mother doesn’t understand English but when I am too happy I talk with my mother in English, somehow she manages to understand what I am saying.

I was sitting on my bed and was waiting for the dinner to be served. It is not so that we doesn’t have dinning table in our home and that’s why we eat on our bed, it is because our dining table usually always remains full with uncooked vegetables, different kind of 

 bottles of sauce and of other things, hangers (usually thrown by father after taking his shirt or the pants), mobiles with their chargers, etc.

Now my mother came with a 

 in her hand and put that in front of me.

“What again 

 

?” I was furious. All my happiness vanished in a second. “

?”

“

.” My mother said.

So once again my mother was feeding me the vegetable she cooked for lunch in my dinner. OK you can manage to eat your lunch in your dinner but lauki ki sabzi, 

.

Without thinking for a second I left the

 on bed and left. I decided to walk out and have my dinner outside. I searched my pockets but their was nothing in my pocket. Empty pockets just like my empty stomach. Now what to do? Idea, Shyam’s mother. She can only help me in these kinds of situation.

Finally with my empty stomach I reached to Shyam’s home. I press the bells. No answer. Again pressed the button, still no answer. This time pressed furiously numerous times, this time an old man, may be their neighbours saw me.

“Beta, there’s no one in the house. They have gone for someone’s marriage.” That old man informed me.

Ah, my bad luck. According to the concept ‘A friend in need, is a friend indeed’, it has been proved now that Shyam in no longer my friend. How can he go to someone’s marriage without letting me know about that? He must be eating different kinds of food their and I am standing in front of his door with my cruel empty stomach. This is not fair.

Idea, marriage is equal to food and food is equal to marriage. Yes, this is it. Let’s enter in someone’s marriage, eat food give them an empty envelope and get lost. What a great idea, Sunny. You are genius, no no, you are more than genius.

Now I was on the gate of a marriage hall. Should I go, or should I go back? The question was playing see-saw in my mind. Finally I decided to go inside. I just ran towards the main goal, that’s the food stall. Ah, the smell made me hypnotized. I took a plate and started to design my plate with as much food items as I can. Sometimes I even cursed the people who were standing before me in queer to move fast. May be this was the place where I made mistake.

A gentle man came near me and asked:

“From which side are you?” he had a fake smile on his face.

“Aaaa….aaaa I am from….. girl’s side.” I sensed a fear within me.

“What’s her name?”

This time he caught me. I can’t answer that one. He politely said in my ear that “Leave this plate and get lost as quick as you can, otherwise……” I knew exactly what his otherwise was. I left that plate and ran in full speed towards home.

At last that lauki ki sabzi was the only option for me to feed this cruel stomach. I ate that one with enormous sadness within me. After eating the first bite I realized ‘Lauki itni buri bhi nahi thi.’ (Lauki wasn’t that bad).

__END__

