I am a married working woman and as per our tradition I am supposed to wear bindi, but I hardly do. I put bindi only when I wear a saree during festival or some family functions. I don’t have the habit of wearing bindi everyday and don’t like it much. I had a very funny incident and thought of sharing with all of you to have a good laugh.

I was on my maternity leave and I planned to visit my grandmother with my baby. On that visit my granny saw me without a bindi and asked me to wear it every day and also explained its importance . I love and respect her a lot and always do my best to make her happy. So, I wore bindi everyday during my stay at her place.

I had to visit her again after a month to say her goodbye as I will be leaving to Bangalore soon. As I reached her place, I went towards her to touch her feet. Suddenly while touching her feet, I realised I didn’t put bindi! I know it’s not a big deal but I didn’t want to make her unhappy, as she had told me last time I visited her. Quickly I loosened some hair and covered half my forehead. I didn’t look at her face and came inside hurriedly in search of a bindi. Mom, dad and my son were yet to come inside. I went from bedroom to bedroom in search of bindi ;as you know ladies usually place their used bindi on the mirror and I was sure I will find one in my mom’s room. Alas ! I couldn’t find any.

I panicked and started searching in almirahs and cupboards. Suddenly I saw a bright red spot on an old steel box placed inside the cupboard.I went near it and viola it’s a bindi!

Quickly I took it off without wasting further time. The bindi was way too big too put on my forehead and it would have made quite obvious that it’s not my bindi. My granny is very sharp and you cannot escape from her sight if you have done something unusual. I couldn’t find a blade or a scissor so I took the bindi ,gave a bite and made a small shapeless one. I wore it immediately and went near my granny confidently!

I couldn’t stop laughing but I managed to make a poker face!!

–End–

