Funny Short Story – Change

Photo Credit: 

Vijay and Shyam were both  born on a fine winter afternoon!!

Their mother Kamala, was abandoned by their vagabond wayward father. Devastated and lost on a rainy day she came to seek refuge in our house. My Mother spotted her in our small garden rummaging through the rubbish looking for something to eat. Although not rich, my mother was very kind hearted and generous and so lovingly took her in the house.

When she came to our house Kamala was pregnant with twins.

As a child I was curious about both of them.They were to become my only playmates in childhood, as being the only daughter my father never let me out of his sight.

As Vijay and Sham grew up, both of them developed a deep affection for me.We slept, ate and played together. Where Vijay was exuberant, dark and  strongwilled, Shyam was soft spoken , silent and buddha like.When in the same room Vijay stared at me all day long, sometimes drawing my chagrin. He also used to become jealous if someone else talked to me or if i conversed with anyone if he was present in the same room. Shyam used to be content to be with my mother silent and placid, watching all her favourite Marathi TV shows with her.

I was serious about ViJay!!

By this time Shyam knew and maintained his distance staying away from me and content only with the few high and hellos which I bestowed on him after returning from office.

Everything was fine until one fine day Vijays obsession with me suddenly started ebbing when a new stunning neighbour shifted in our vicinity. He started staying out longer and did not spend time with me as before. He was never interested in me after that.

One day I confronted him about his intentions.

The next day he left  which was for ever……

Without telling anyone……….and  after making a lot of noise about my possessiveness and jealousy.

That day I slept with Shyam !!!!!!

As I lay on my bed, thinking about the turn of events  I wondered whether Vijay would ever be back……

After that day Shyam never ever left my side. …..Always waiting on the window sill, running to the door as soon as he spotted me  and greeting me with a loud but silent possessive MEOWWWWW………

__END__

