Funny Short Story – My utmost rival

Photo credit: 

 from 

My life was good and peaceful. I was all that I wanted, watching movies and anime, reading manga till he arrived, my utmost rival. I didn’t care about anything before that. Rivalry was all I could think of and probably he too. I call him Mark.

This all started 2 months ago, when he first came to my house. I was sitting on sofa when he suddenly crossed from above my right leg, due to it’s sudden nature first of all I got scared but spontaneously it changed to anger and I stared him for first of the many times, his eyes were dark but with one of the cutest face I have ever seen but behind that cute face were the horrors of the nightmares. He was pure evil. It was like, he came for me, to corrupt me with the feelings of hate against him. He even started living at my house, of course as a freeloader. Running around all day like a kid making a damn ruckus. It was all his plan and that too a good one, he was fast. I could not tell anyone about it because it was a men’s fight, the one from which I could not back from, the one I needed to win any case, yes in any case.

It was around 1 month ago when he totally started getting on my nerves.When I was laying on bed or sofa he would move over me and even started eating my food. Worse were the nights when he would appear out of nowhere upon me. By now I was sure it were all his traps so like a true human being that I am, I decided to struggle,to repel. So I decided to lay traps for him but he escaped all of them. It was like my traps were so big that he passed right through it.

Due to my struggles he took his things to the next level, he attacked my precious clothes. I was filled from rage to the brim and now I was determined that this thing will not live in my house for another second, so I captured him and threw him out of my house. “It’s all over” I thought, but little did I know what was his next step. If I knew what was he going to do , I should have killed him but he brought his friends to ‘conquer my house’, in his intentions. After a long fought battle, I lost. Now I think that death would have been better. The rival rules my house, they are the kings and I have to live in there fear for every second.

The ‘mouses’ are my masters.

__END__

