Funny Short Story – THE UNEXPECTED SUNDAY

Funny Short Story – THE UNEXPECTED SUNDAY

It would be a fine Sunday if my cellphone hadn’t disturbed my sound sleep in the early morning hours ,the phone had nearly three missed calls before I actually picked it up .The caller was my boss  and I still don’t remember what were  my first words to him but that certainly didn’t help me to get an increment all these years.

My boss is a very punctual man  and he hate delays in work but somehow he needed an urgent file to be completed today itself ,that mean I have to drop all my Sunday plans and rush to office.

When I reached the office there was none except me, my boss and a peon. My boss left after  handling me the details and now the only two souls left in the office were me and Ramu chaiwala/peon . Before the boss had gone  he had given me a timeline of 5p.m and it was already 11.

After two hours and 3 cup of tea I was feeling sleepy  when my phone rang again  and it was from home. My wife usually had an angelic voice but that day I could feel the wrath of heaven in her voice, after ten minutes she banged the phone.

At around three o’clock  my eyelashes met each other and I fell asleep ,and around 5 p.m. Ramu woke me up. I paniced   around half the work was left and it was time. I hurriedly called the boss and pleaded to him for extra time ,he agreed and said that if could bring the file to him at the airport where he would be catching a flight to Singapore at 7 p.m sharp

I started working on the file as fast as i as could, by the time i complete the file it 6:30 and i rushed out of the office . the airport was at a distance of 45 minutes  and the task was to complete the journey in 30 minutes

Time was running out  and my auto driver was  a really slow one , plus the weather was getting stormy that increased my haste . By the time I reachad the airport it was already 7past five . I thought I lost and now nothing could save me from being sacked.

Then suddenly a tap on my shoulders , I turned around to se my boss . He said-

“The flight is cancelled due to stormy weather ” and left .

I kept standing on the airport mumbling “what the……..”

drop it.

__END__

