I made a call to Vikash on Thursday Evening around 8:00 pm.

 [Phone Ringing] 

Vikash –  Hello !  Haan yaar , Tell me “

Me :-   Hey bro , where you were ? I made call before also in morning , you didn’t pick up the call.

Vikash :-  Yes , I was in Team Meeting at office.

Me :-  Anyways , what’s the plan for weekend ?  let’s meet at ‘Yatri Nivas  Restaurant’ ?.

Vikash : No Yaar, On Friday Night ( Tomorrow) , I am leaving for Bangalore. Me: Why ?

Vikash :  Ehh, There I am going to meet a Girl for Marriage Proposal.

Me : Okay , All the Best !!  Let me know the outcome at earliest. When are you coming back ?

Vikash: Monday Morning I will be back and then attend office.

Me : Fine , then let’s catch you on Saturday, if you like her 60% , then simply say okay and fix it.

Vikash : Chalo , bye, take care .

Me : Yup , Bye Bro , All the best !!

[ I disconnect the Phone ] 

    Me : Hey , How it was ? Met ?  what happened ?

    Vikash : Yaa  I met her , will tell you later .

    Me : Arey but tell , oaky  just mention it is positive (or) negative ?

    Vikash : I will tell you , not now.

    Me :Okay.

    Vikash : hmmm

I didn’t force him  much to tell me what happened during that time frame , It is better to give breathing space and anyway when we meet or talk next time , he will surely share to me. 

I didn’t hear back anything almost complete week , for my curiosity, I decide to make a call directly now. 

I made call to Vikash , asking  about this Bangalore trip and Marriage Proposal.  In response , he asks me to listen the narration of whole incident.

Now as he suggested me , I just keep calm. He start  his narration the whole incident  which I listen with utmost focus without uttering  a single word.

” On Friday , I took the train from Kacheguda Railway station to Bangalore , and reach there around 7:30 am.  After that I went to my cousin house , who stays around 20 km away from the station.

That day (Saturday) ,after freshen up , we first went to site seeing the city area and relax. So this summarize Saturday.

Next Morning( Sunday) around 9:30 am  we started for their house , My cousin already informed them about our arrival. After 35 mins , we reached there.  

Now listen carefully.

 We went inside , then Aunty Ji came  , and after few minutes  her daughter  also appears and sat besides me quietly.  Because she was sitting just besides me , So I was making efforts to see her face. If she sits in front of me , then it could have been more better.

While seeing her , I realized that her photo which I had is not matching to her. 

By this time , Aunty Ji brought few  snacks includes  – Samosa , Namkeen , Cool Drinks and  Fried Kaju.

She came and sat in front of me after offering us the snacks. There was a long silence for few minutes , and then Aunty Ji start asking few basic question which my family have already informed to them previously , but just to initiate  something she asked same old question 

 Like Where you are working  ?  How long you have been working there ?  Can you be able to shift to Bangalore ?  etc. By this time almost 20 minutes passed.   We hear door bell. 

Aunty Ji gets up and opened the door. Another Girl comes – She looks shabby , hairs are not combed , wearing T-shirt , shorts ,sports shoes sweating profusely.  It appears like she is coming from basketball ground. She enter the drawing room , said ‘Hello’ to us and sat in front of me.

Now I was looking both the girls — one who is well dressed for the instance sitting besides me and this new entry and sitting in front of me. 

Believe me yaar , for at least 5 seconds I didn’t understand what is happening. My cousin conveniently ignoring me and pretending to show interest on painting at wall and other decorations.

Aunty Ji speaks  now :-

 ‘See Beta ,  That is ( Pointing to the girl besides me )  Madhu , my younger daughter , she completed her Degree this year and working as Intern at Private firm. And  This ( Shabby girl ) is  Ruby  – My Elder daughter — Actually we sent her proposal to you  and basically you have come here to see  her. But the thing is Beta , that yesterday night only  Ruby’s marriage is fixed  and we said ‘yes’ to that family.  

But as you have already reached to Bangalore, so we figured out that – We will show our younger daughter to you. So , now the girl which you should be seeing is not Ruby , rather it is Madhu. Beta – Basically there is no difference of  height ,appearance and Education between both of them , In fact Madhu is 3 years younger than Ruby.’

Believe me this came as shock of lifetime to me.

Girl in front of me – (Ruby) was also nodding head agreeing to her mother. And I see no sign of tension or guilt for calling me here and stating a story of surprise.

Anyways after few seconds I replied to Aunty —  ‘But Aunty , you are saying that both are same in all aspects , but my question is feeling wise , emotion wise ,  intellectual level every human differ. 

Yes Beta, but everything happen so sudden that we didn’t get time to inform your family member.

I believe my cousin knew the whole story yesterday only , because he was not at all saying or reacting anything.

This is part- 01 of the surprise I faced 

“

 [ After listening everything , I burst out in laughter over the call ]

Me:  [Laughter] [Laughter] ..

Vikash : You  enjoyed it Right ?.

Me :   Oh ho ho , God , I knew something will definitely go wrong.  But this much wrong I didn’t expect. [Laughs].  Basically  it is Chucking Frazee [Laugh] ..So finally what happened ?  You came empty handed ?  What is second part of surprise?.

Vikash :- hmm, Listen again completely , now I am telling you second part of  whole episode.

 ” I don’t know Aunty Ji , what to say and do ,  this came as surprise to me ,  From last 15 days I am seeing one girl photos and now you are showing me another as replacement.

Aunty Ji put forward the Dialogue running since the ages  —  ‘Beta, Marriages are made in heaven , and the journey is uncertain’.

“Yaa, but it not what I came prepared , Please tell me what to do  because I am currently clueless.  “

She ask me to get to know her younger daughter (Madhu) ,and suggest to take a walk till nearby CCD. So finally we  decided to take a walk  after 10 mins walk we both ( me and Madhu) reached CCD.

 I ordered 2 cold coffee and we start interacting.   

She actually understood what I was going thru , so she initiated the talk which basically I liked.

The outcome of their sudden interaction turns out to be bit positive.

Madhu  try to calm down Vikash for instance that happen to him and while knowing each other , finds him optimal person for her.  To answer Vikash question for ‘What he should be saying at home as her answer’ She said “Yes” to Vikash.  This was some sort of relief to him and finally he is coming out not empty handed.

Then we finally exchange our phone numbers and  I made a call to my cousin to come to CCD and from there we went to his room and next morning came back to Hyderabad   “

Me :  So you were saying , there is a second surprise , but as I heard this girl Madhu said “YES” to  you. Then it is good na.

Vikash :  Listen , listen , After I come back to Hyderabad , I made calls to my elder  brothers and speak to them for about 1 hour each.

 They were equally shocked and surprised . But after listening with patience they asked me to say “Yes” to Madhu and step up to next level .

I inform the same to Madhu and asked her to speak to Aunty Ji and let me know how to take it to next level.

Next morning , she dropped me a WhatsApp message stating 

Me :  Oh God , it is too much  F****..  shit. !

Vikash :  See the dual standards — That day when I went there , within few minutes Aunty Ji asked me to make a choice. But now after having her 

 “Yes”,  I informed my family members and with  great efforts convince to opt the available proposal ,  now they are saying “How can we decide in just one meeting ?”

Me :  hmm , Bhai , she literally played with you.  This is like highway robbery.

Vikash :  Hmm, that’s the thing , person who suffered emotionally , financially and socially is me , not them. For them it is simple yes and no game.  See my point is  If you think you have a brain and mind , it is fine but that don’t allow you to do anything to anyone. 

Me : Really this is hilarious , sad and Weird situation. It is like mini movie plot. Only person who made efforts and lost is just ‘You’ and no one.

 Well you don’t take tension , nowadays world is not for people like us.

 I have known many instance , sometime it is weird than yours also , but really in this nothing is your fault.

Vikash : I spent around 12,000 INR for entire journey, opted a leave , and suffered emotionally, and get nothing but zero.

Me :- No problem bro , things will roll off smooth soon. 

Let’s meet someday.  But tell your family everything and stay calm.

Vikash :- Yup , but all the time I was just thinking that lady (Aunty Ji) just played it her own way. She was so much shrewd and cunning. I wish she gets taste of her own medicine one day.

Me :-  It will happened definitely , Believe me , it is better you are saved from that family. But really your experience should be shared to people , I will  write a story out of it , if you allow.

Vikash :- Make a movie Man , who cares.

Me : Chal , 1 hour on call now, mom is calling me for dinner see you soon , bye

Vikash : bye

Phone disconnects .

–END–

