Funny Short Story – DEEPWELL STEEPHILL

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

In the village called ‘Deepwell Steephill’, the streets have run crazy as mad dogs in their own style and they are broken themselves into small strips called “DS Lanes” leading to either your house or my house. These “lanes” make strange angles and curves in their own desire to run after a field or a river nearby.

I don’t like to see the map of my village, because it makes me mad to be in every lane to find it correct as in the map. One Street crosses itself one time or many times in to many lanes to say that lanes our own kids and we have to take care of them very frequently.

It is real headache for a post man to drop a letter, or a bill collector to collect the bill payment, because he every time comes to the same street after crossing again some other street.

“What is the system? No system needed for anything. Everything will be as natural as it is born and growing.” Says Mrs. Malformal.

She is the wife of Mr Steephill. Mrs. Malformal and Mr. Steephill are ideal couple of their own interests.

Mr steephill is the head of that village called ‘Deepwell Steephill’.

“Our village has no name. I called the villagers to name our village. They suggested the name Deepwell Steephill. My wife is like a deepwell and my name is added with her name.”

One day Mr. Steephill explained to the journalist that how the name of their village is determined.

Steephill is like the cliffs, hills, or even water park slides that have a perilous slope. So everybody wants to be safe before him. If anybody speaks against his will, Steephill punishes him with his fancy sentences unknown.

“How is your wife like a deep well?” The journalist asked him.

“Why don’t you ask your wife ‘why she is called only wife?’ before putting this question to me?”

The journalist is disturbed. He is frowned, but did not stop.

“Wife is but wife sir, why should I ask this?” He asked this looking Steephill seriously.

“That’s the answer man, Why should I ask ‘why my wife is deepwell’, you know?”

When the journalist is going out, I asked him to sit with me for a tea and I said why Mrs Malformal is a deepwell.

“She is a deep hearted woman and if you want to get some help, you have to take some troubles like taking water from a deep well. After many efforts like non-formal efforts only, she will be kind and shower her mercy on people. Only then, Steephill will be happy and help you.”

The journalist could not understand about these efforts.

“One day a pregnant woman has to be taken to hospital in the city and we have only Mrs Malformal who can help in this matter. She is the only woman with a car in our village. There is no time to call a car from city to village and send the woman to hospital. We asked Mrs Malformal who rejected saying that her car needs a rest for one day as it worked for one week when Mr steephill was in the city. We explained, nothing will happen if the car works for one more day.” The journalist is hearing with interest.

At the same time, Peter came there. He is the car Engineer.

“If the car is kept idle after four days of work, it’s engine will be spoiled. A car should work for a week continuously.” Peter said.

Mrs Malformal immediately accepted for taking the pregnant woman to hospital in the city.

The Journalist smiled and he wrote a story in his journal about the accomplishments of our village DEEPWELL STEEPHILL and our two memorable heads of the village in an interesting way.

It is the month of cold December. The cold winds are making the people shivering heavily. Just then a stranger called Mr. Pneumonia entered the village Deepwell Steephill and started calling many to have few days as his friends.

Mr Joe Rogan is also called a young Rooster who is chivalric. He had a heart of steel, and unbounded confidence in himself and in those chivalric souls he had about him. He is also a friend to Pneumonia.

She is Joni Mitchell, the little girl who lay, scarcely moving, on her painted iron bedstead, looking through the small Dutch window-panes at the river side of the next brick house.

Doctor visited, examined all the patients.

“Joni wants to write her exploding novel on Pneumonia. So she must be discharged doctor Jones.” Said Mr Watson.

He likes Joni’s novels very much.

“I know, I too like Joni’s novels. When I am not busy I read. Which novel you said?”

“Doctor, the novel is not yet started. If you discharge her, she will start writing that novel.”

“No, no. I cannot discharge for writing novels. Let her get away from Pneumonia, till then I cannot discharge her, I cannot.” Doctor Jones said seriously.

Meanwhile, Mr Steephill came there and enquired about all the patients.

Doctor said about Joni and his supporter’s request to discharge her to write a novel. He said, he bluntly refused to discharge her,

“Joni is the daughter of my friend’s friend’s friend. No problem. I request you to discharge my friend peter, I need him badly.” Mr Steephill said.

“What need?” Doctor asked.

“I am bored. We play cards daily.”

“Mr. steep, I have no problem. But you are asking a problem to sit and play with you.”

“What problem doctor?”

“The problem is Mr. Pneumonia. Do you like to sit with him?” Doctor asked.

“Sorry doctor, I don’t want him.” Mr. Steephill said.

“If your friend is discharged, he will also be discharged and he sits with your friend.” Doctor Jones said clearly. Mr steephill understood what doctor means and went away with his request turned away.

In the midnight, Doctor Jones had a surprise visit and saw that Joni’s bed is vacant. Nurse in night duty is also not found.

When Doctor Jones went to the open terrace, he found the nurse interestingly hearing what Joni is telling. It is her next maiden novel’s plot and the nurse is clapping. “Marvellous!”

“Is she a Pneumonia patient or not?’ Doctor asked the nurse in serious voice.

“Sorry doctor.” Nurse said.

“Don’t say sorry to me. Say it to Mr Pneumonia in her.” Doctor said returned.

Joni and the nurse stopped their novel session and returned to the hospital.

*****

 One month passed.

Miss Joni’s novel on Pneumonia has been finished as the writer is as Pneumonia and it is published.

Miss Joni is still fighting for her life with her severePneumonia.

“Your novel is good. I read it. But you know Joni that your life is better. Don’t attempt to write a new. Let me cure and discharge you.” Doctor said with affection.

Mrs Deepwell is also with the doctor. She came to congratulate her for her good novel.

“Joni. I admire your novel. I admire more your life. I wait for you to come out of hospital with good health. Then I will arrange a party just for your great novel “Pneumonia” which I like very well.”

Joni looked at Mrs Deepwell with affection.

“Your love for me will make me healthy, madam. Get ready with your party arrangements.”

Joni said with happy mood and Mr Pneumonia is also happy for her novel and he is ready to leave her safe and sound soon.

__END__

