Funny Short Story – A Choco Midday

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a golden morning.The market was crowded in that saturday morning. Banti was wandering here and there with chocolates in his hand. Suddenly his eyes were detained at her face. She did wear a sky coloured salwar with white and sky coloured dopatta. She was arguing with Gopal kaka, shopkeeper of the fruit stall. Her face was not so beautiful, but it had an attractive and charming appeal.,

Now let me introduce He and She. He (Banti) is Atul Mukherjee, the notorious hero of our locality, studying B.sc. His father thinks he is a child spoiled by his mother’s excessive affections. But Mrs Mukherjee  never finds any defect  of her sweet, cute little boy. Now come to she. She is Abantika Sen, new in our locality. No one knows her or her family closely. Her father is a professor.

“Chocolate?”Banti offered Abantika that morning.

“No thanks” a precise reply came from her.

“It’ll increase your energy,try it” Atul again started  talking.

“What?”She asked in a harsh voice.

“I mean  that as you are arguing with Gopal kaka.you need lots of energy.And chocolate increases energy.so you nee…”

“Shut up” Abantika  burst out in the mid way of his words.

“Oh ho,are you getting bore by my words?see, I am a typical good boy.i am just trying to hel..”

“Yaaap!!!What is this?your melting chocolate spoiled my dopatta”

atul’s melting chocolate made hell of her dopatta when he was nodding his hands to convince her.

“Oh my gosh!Sorry sorry sor…” Atul was saying in a guilty voice.

“Go to hell stupid” Abantika rudely avised him to go to hell.

Form that morning Atul is roaring in his mind.how did she tag him stupid before hundred people in market?-he is thinking these all lying on his bed.

“Banti wake up dear,don’t be lazy” Mrs mukherjee calls her son to wake him up.

“Boys and girls, look how this problem cab be easily solved” professor Basu  continues his lecture.Atul finds the afternoon classes extremely disgusting.This time his mind wants to wander in the college ground;wants to see those of green-dressed trees and hear sweet chirping of birds.   His hand automatically starts writing some line instead of the problems given by professor Basu:

Let me drink the cup, ful of your beauty

Let me lose my world in your dark green trees

let be one….

You and me,beautiful Nature.

Suddenly he hears a sound,coming from the balcony.It sounds like the sweet and gentle sound like payel(indian girls wear as a ornament).Nowadays girls generally wear it occasionally.

That sweet sound of payel made atul mad within next three days.And after a hardworking research he and his friends,subhra,Manoj and Prateek  discover that the owner of the payel is Miss bhowmick,maths teacher.She is the only one girl having payel on her feet.Atul makes lots of plans to explain his feelings to Miss Bhowmick.He doesn’t care  that he is her student.He just love the sound of her payel.love the way of her walking with that very sweet sound.

Atul and co manage to bunk the afternoon class and wait for Miss Sen.Atul is taking his fifth dairy milk.

“Stop eating.It’s your fifth one” Manoj shouts.

“I can’t stop it now.I am in tension and it helps me to be in myself”” Atul says helplessly.

“Atul.Atul,here she is.she is coming.listen to the sound”prateek says in a secretive manner.

“Jai ram jai ram” Atul mutters closing his eyes.The sweet sound of the payel  is coming closer and closer and closer…It is passing the balcony leaving him.he opens his eyes.He sees in wonder that  a group of girls are going towards history department and the sound is coming from the middle girl’s feet

“How sweet you are Miss Bhowmick!Even it hte middle of these hens,y are walking like a peacock.”he mutters.he goes closer to her and says “excuse me Miss Bhowmick, may I say something?”

“Chocolate?”she with her sky and white coloured dopatta turing back to atul asks and laughs generouly.

__END__

