Name of the Misplaced Book – Funny Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ravan (tall and handsome) is running fast to catch the train. He reached the platform just before the train starts and enters the train. He carries a encyclopedia in hand and a backpack. Its a Palace on wheels train-luxury train. He was quite hungry, so he places his backpack in his cabin and goes to the restaurant to eat with the book. He orders naan and gravy and started to eat. In the other end of the table another guy sits with a same book in hand. He finds a beautiful girl in the adjacent table and starts flirting. Suddenly the girl asks the book but the guy was reluctant to give the book, so once the Ravan goes to wash his hands. He exchanges the book when the girl turns other-side and he gives the book. Ravan came back and collected his book and went to his cabin.

He kept the book on the table and lays down on the bed for a nap. After sometime a room service girl (sheetal) comes for asking him any thing needed. Girl was in early twenties and fair. She was attracted by Ravan’s handsomeness. She was visiting quite often after the 1st visit. During 3rd visit, she opens the misplaced book and spellbound. When Ravan calls her,  she got her senses and gave a seducing smile to Ravan and went. Ravan was quite confused.

After sometime Ravan goes to the sitting lounge and finds a couple Ravi-Preetha. Couple on honeymoon. During the conversation ravi tells that its boring a lot in the cabin.

Ravan : I have never seen a guy telling boring after having beautiful wife.

Couple laughs.

Ravi : Not like that. We have spent tons of time in chatting. So need a break and still 4 hours more for the dinner. Do u have anything to read or any movies in laptop.

Ravan : No laptop but i have encyclopedia. I love facts, so i used to carry that while travelling. If you need come to my cabin.

Then ravi goes to ravan’s cabin and takes the book.

Sheetal makes her 4th entry with some excuses.

Ravan  : you are making many entries. any reason?

Sheetal : Does a beautiful girl need any reason to see a handsome guy?

Ravan : Never.

Both smile.

Sheetal : Do you read lot of books like that?

Ravan : Like what?

Sheetal : Where is the book? A book was there when i came before.

Ravan : Ohh that one. I have few and i like those books. I gave to a honeymoon couple.

Sheetal gave a big laugh and went closer to Ravan. In his ears “I too love those books, shall we discuss about that in dark”.

Sheetal leaves.

Ravan is quite puzzled. Does she really mad or making me mad.

Its 8pm. Dinner time.

Ravan started his meal. After sometime Ravi came and gave a big thanks to Ravan for the book. Big thanks and gave the book.

Ravi : I had a great time with the book and leaves.

Ravan was extremely puzzled. What the hell with that book?. He just back and forth of the book and continues his meal.

One young lady with his 3 year kid sits opposite to him. Ravan had a friendly chat with the lady and played with the boy. He gave the book to the boy. The boy opens the book and turns the pages, suddenly his mom saw the pages and closed the book and throw the book and shouted “Bad guy, rogue”

Ravan doesn’t understands and puzzled. Lady went, all the people gave a second and continued their meal. One old lady opened the book and yelled at him in Tamil and throw the book to ravan.

Ravan was extremely puzzled and in anger. Why you people never seen a encyclopedia?..Ohh god what the hell happening.

Ravan took the book and thought of opening but he is not sure of the people around him. If some one sees then again yelling. So he goes to the lounge and opens the book.

He opens the middle page and got shocked, suddenly closes. Multiple reactions in his face. How this is possible? He recollects all the incidents and laughs. Sheetal was standing at the corner of lounge and watching him. Ravan was clear now and realizes the reason for the smile and the words. Ravan smiles back at the sheetal.

Now he is opening the first page of the book to see the name. The book disguised by the encyclopedia outer wrapper is “K***Sutra”…

__END__

