Funny Short Story – My Chocolate Women

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Rahul Speak something. Today is our last day in college. We have many things to share. Share any of your good or bad experience” a group of Men’s gang shouted at Rahul who was standing in a stage to speak his experience in college. It was there Farewell day.

“My College canteen is what my favorite place. I feel the canteen in my college is not just a place where we go to eat. It is a place where two ‘F’s meet. It is Friends and Food. I have got many pleasant, worst and funny experience in canteen during our college days. Those days are memorable. I would like to share the funny experience of mine.

We used to cut classes and go to canteen for eating, sight-seeing (Hope you understand what I mean here) and well to pass our time. I too used to go canteen for the same old reason but the place where we had open arena for debate, argumentative sessions on different issues, passing of love-letters, cracking gossips, kidding and having loads of fun with chocolates, burgers, tea, coffee and coke in between as gap fillers changed for me just because of one women. I used to call her as “Chocolate women” to myself (only to myself) because I used to stare at her from long distance and never spoken about her to anyone. I have been waiting for the time to call her “Chocolaty” loudly with love.

I have never seen her in our college before. I don’t know which year class she is and I can hardly see her only in our college canteen near the chocolate shop. Now you can guess why I have named her as “Chocolate women”. I still remember that was a rainy day. I came alone to canteen to have a hot sip of coffee. I bought one and stood near the chocolate shop where we have variety of chocolates sold.

A beautiful woman came in red saree designed with black roses on it. Her hair flowed in waves to adorn her glowing, porcelain-like skin. Her eyes are framed with long lashes and shined like a black pebble which seemed to brighten the world. She got straight nose with a white stone nose stud on it. Her Pink lips reminded me of rose petals dipped in honey. She seemed to be the picture of perfection. I forgot the whole world and kept starring at her and my days of watching her from that day continued.

I avoid my friends coming with me to canteen as I fear they will tease for it. I watch her buy chocolates every day and that’s why I saw her at the canteen all the time. I have not told to any of my friends that I’m seeing this woman. I don’t even know her name and which department she belongs to. Day by day my interest on her increased and I felt to speak with her. Every time I find a chance to speak with her. But whenever I try to meet her, she will rush in urgent buying a chocolate as if she has ants in her pants. I wonder how she looks so slim even eating chocolates every time.

Finally I gained courage to speak with her. I came to canteen by 3.pm. I’m sure that she will come around 3.30pm to buy chocolates. To my expectation, she came around 3.40. She wore a blue cotton saree and she looked pretty in that saree. I approached her to speak. She was buying some chocolate at the chocolate shop. There were no many people in the canteen. So I decided to use this chance.

“Hello. I’m Rahul” I called her.

She didn’t listen to me and dragged a small boy who might not be more than 3 years of age. He was crying. I have never seen that kid in canteen before. I again said flashing my hands before her

“Hello. I’m Rahul I want to speak with you”

Before I utter another word, She took that kid in her hands and gave it to me.

“Hello sir. I work here for cleaning toilets. My co-worker is on leave today who used to take care of my son when I leave for cleaning. Now he is not stop crying even if I give chocolates for him. Can you please hold my son for a minute? I will come back after finishing my work” she requested me.

I heard someone laughing loud at me. It’s me my inner voice.”

Rahul when finished narrating his funny experience, everyone laughed and the whole crowd and his friends shouted at him “Chocolate women”. The day went happy and Rahul went to the canteen once for last time. He saw his “Chocolate women” giving chocolate to her son. Rahul went near them and gave her son a candy.

__END__

