Funny Short Story – Dhaniram Seth – The Master of Negotiation

Photo credit: 

 from 

As you read in the earlier part of Human Change Colours that Harilal wants an increment in his salary but after seeing the gesture of his boss (name Dhaniram Seth), he did not dare to ask for the increment.

After sometime Harilal get a new job and he Left Dhaniram Seth’s house. Anyhow Priya Madam, wife of Dhaniram Seth arranged a new cook – Pappu.

She fixed his salary and instructed “I will provide you the salary whatever you want but you just have to keep silent infront of sethji and agree for whatever he says by replying yes sir”.

The cook accepted.

Sethji at his room was in a discussion with me about negotiation. Sethji started “Navin do you know, negotiation is an art and I am the great negotiation artist”.

I replied “Yes sir, it is like a universal truth. I remember once you booked round trip Air ticket to Delhi and saved 10 rupees in purchasing 1 kg Onion at New Delhi vegetable market”.

“Yes, let me tell you one incident.

One day I reach Metro Station, saw that there was no rush in the ticket counter. I knocked the counter person

“What is your name?”

He replied “Sir I am married”

I am not going to arrange your marriage, I just need to know your name.

Sir I am Anirban

Yes Mr Anirban, What is price of one metro ticket

Sir 10 Rupees

Oh good!

What if I purchase 12 tickets?

Sir 12 rides pass is of 95

Oh ho! I am asking potato you are giving tomato. I am not asking about pass but 12 different tickets.

Sir it will be 12 x 10 = Rs.120/=

You are talking about MRP what about the discount.

Sir no discount the price is fixed.

This is wrong, Discount is our fundamental right and you are hampering my fundamental right.

Whenever I purchase 1 banana then it cost 2 rupees but when I purchase 12 banana, I get it for only Rs.22/= (10% discount) then why not here.

Sir I don’t have the power to do so!

You don’t know me I will raise this issue infront of Rail Minister, Chief Minister, Prime Minister and even I can raise this issue in Parliament.

Anirban replied sarcastically – You may proceed sir.

Then finally I asked – Anirban Can I get a test drive free.

I don’t know why Anirban had a furious expression on his face, with a high pitch voice said to me- Sir you are going to ride metro or you wish to purchase metro.

I said – If I purchase what will be the discount?

Anirban in hurry rang the security bell.

I find myself in danger, I moved from there. I did not left the issue, I wrote a letter to the Government of India and still waiting for the reply.

After a long breath I quoted: Sir, you are great! The Government is incapable to understand your abilities.

We were in between our conversation suddenly the cook knocked the door.

“Sethji May I come in”

Yes Come In

He entered the room

“Sir, I am the new cook Pappu, Priya Madam send me to meet you”

OK then what salary do you expect?

Sir Rs.10000/-

Sethji turned opposite direction of Pappu and facing towards me said –  Fine but people in this locality gives only Rs.5000/-

Pappu said – ok sir

Sethji turn his face again towards Pappu “But you know I think Rs.2500/- is sufficient for you”

The cook raised his eyebrow and look towards Sethji with surprised face expression. Now he understands why Priya madam instructed him to say only yes to all his question. Keeping in view of Priya Madam instructions he again repeated

“Yes Sir”

Sethji “But”

Cook thought “Again But”

Sethji Continues “But you know, you are working with Dhaniram Seth. I have approach with district judges, commissioners, RBI and big big politicians of the country. Working with me, the most renowned person in this city, you should work for free.

The cook laughed a little and then repeated again – yes sir.

Sethji – Fine the deal is done but on one condition,

Now what

“you have to bring one more person to work for free”.

Pappu was shocked, eyes round, face pale, lift his slippers on head, forget all his documents, ran away like 4000 dogs had been left behind him to chase .

Priya madam was calling pappu pappu but pappu don’t look back again.

Priya madam asked sethji what is the matter?

Sethji – Nothing happened, I was just negotiating with him.

Priya Madam sat down on the door and raise her hands

 ” OH GOD NEGOTIATION – NOT AGAIN”

__END__

