Funny Short Story – Liftman

Photo credit: 

 from 

He works in an office in that big building. His name is George. He comes as early as possible. He waits for the lift man. He goes with the lift man only to his office.

If the lift man is not there, he will wait for him. One day, the lift man did not come. He waited for him and finally he walked back to his home. He did not go to office on that day.

One day he is waiting for the lift man to go to his office. The lift man is not in the lift. People are coming and going. He waited there for the lift man. He came after half an hour.

Nobody knows why he is waiting for the lift man.

George has a friend called William who is also working in the same office.

While George is waiting for the lift man, William came.

“You go. I will come after lift man comes.” George said.

“Why do you wait for the lift man, Come, let us go.” William said.

George did not say anything, he went with William.

After that, when ever William comes, he goes with him to office. He will not wait for the lift man.

One day William saw that George did not come to office. He knows that the lift man is absent that day.

Then William came down from the lift and he saw George is going from the left.

William went to him and asked him that what has happened.

“Nothing special, I was looking for the lift man.” George said.

“If lift man did not come, do you go home?”

“I have to, no other way.”

William looked at George with wonder.

“I can’t understand the reason.”

“Do you know, I am a heart-patient and I am undergoing  treatment.”

“So what?”

“I cannot walk on the steps to our office in the 12th floor.”

“Who asked you to walk on the steps, lift is here and you can come pleasantly in lift.”

“My problem is only the lift and not the lift man.”

“What do you say? I can’t understand. Tell me clearly.”

“You are not understanding, look at my height, I am short and my problem is the lift buttons. My hand cannot reach up to 12

 burron in the lift. It is why I always wait for the lift man,”

William really wondered when he heard this problem. Till then he did not think that the buttons in the lift also will be a problem. William smiled and said with George like this:

“Don’t worry. I will come in time to meet you daily at lift and we go in lift without the problem of depending on the lift man.”

_End_

 

