Funny Story – GHOST WRITER

Photo credit: 

 from 

That is a rented a furnished flat on the top floor. He liked the flat. The room is a special room. His friends only have the permission to enter in his room. He is a budding film writer and this flat is for his personal use only.

Madhav’s family is in the village. He wants privacy and he likes to be not disturbed while he is in his penance called “WRITING” which needs a lot of concentration and devotion.

Madhav saw a thin, tall and beautiful woman standing before him. She is very beautiful. She is smoking and drinking a peg, sitting before him on the round table. Madhav’s friends only do like that.

“I don’t know you. What is your name?” Madhav asked her.

“I am sweta menon.  I too don’t know you.” She said.

“If you don’t know me, why you came here? I am Madhav, the budding writer in the city.” Madhav said.

“Oh, you are Madhav. You are treated as writer with no pep. They want to stop reading your stories.You have no experience of Movie Scripts.”  Sweta said.

“How do you know that? Who are they?”

“They are film producer. They say, you have no Pep or energy or enthusiasm to become good film writer.”

“Who are you? How you know all this?”

“I worked as top ghost writer.” Sweta said.

“Ghost writer?”

“Yes Ghost writer. This is the flat I lived.” Sweta said.

Madhav thought that she is more experienced than him. She is telling the names of the directors in the film industry. She knows much about their plus and minus interests.

“Okay sweta, I believe you. What can I do for you?”

“Fool, you cannot do anything for me. I came to help you.”

Madhav understood that she is a senior writer, so he should give her respect.

Sweta was telling how to write a film script in a perfect way. She helped him become as good film writer in no time. Madhav is recognized as a good writer. As sweta knows, which script will be good and liked by which director, she tells Madhav to write and develop a plot for the concerned writer.

“This script looks like written by sweta Menon.” Director Ghosh said.

“Who is sweta Menon?” Madhav asked.

“You don’t know her. She is good writer. She has disappeared all of a sudden.”

Director looked at Madhav’s face and said with some pain. Madhav understood that Director Ghosh likes her style of writing and Sweta disappeared from ghost writing for some reason. He wanted to know why she stopped writing to the films.

*****

For one month, Madhav did not see sweta and he does not know where she lives. One day Madhav was unable to write some scene in a proper way. Just then, a girl entered in to Madhav’s room. She is more beautiful than Sweta.

“I don’t know you, what is your name?” Madhav asked her.

“I also don’t know you. You like Sweta  so, I came. I am Mamata Menon. Sweta’s younger sister.”

“What happened to Sweta? Why she has not come?” Madhav asked.

Mamata is angry at that question as if she does not like to hear about sweta.

“Why you care Sweta so much? Am I not beautiful than sweta?”

Madhav came to know that this girl does not like her elder sister Sweta.

“You are more beautiful than sweta, I know. But I like her for she is a genius. She is a strong ghost writer for films.”

Mamata smiled which is hurting for Madhav.

“Why do you smile? Don’t you accept her as a good ghost writer?”

“You are fool.” Mamata said.

“Fool? How?” Madhav asked with wonder.

“Sweta is not a writer. I am real ghost writer. Sweta is a thief. She reads my stories and sells to the directors. As she is my sister, I did not stop her. But I stopped her from reading my stories. So she is lost and she could not continue to give stories to the directors.”

As Mamata said this, I came to know why Sweta stopped writing to the directors as GHOST WRITER.

Now Madhav is happy for he got real GHOST WRITER who sat before him on the round table, smoking costly cigarets. Her drinks are also very costly. All imported whiskies, all new brands never heard.

Mamata’s thoughts are so wonderful that Madhav wondered for her genius thinking.

Now, Madhav’s name as the film script writer is on top place. Nobody can compete with Madhav. With such unbeatable talent, he is penetrating the film industry as the great film writer.

No ghost writers given a chance. All ghost writers are made jobless and they got small jobs in magazines with no good salaries. They lost all the good life they use to lead before. They number of times asked Madhav for job as ghost writers at him. But Madhav simply rejected them saying he needs no GHOST writer.

Madhav liked Mamata more than her elder sister Sweta.

“You look very beautiful Mamata.” Madhav said.

“Really?” Mamata asked with deep smile.

“Yes, really I like you more than your elder sister Sweta.” Madhav said.

Just then he saw Sweta also in a chair besides her.

“You are a man with no love. I thought to help you, it is my fault.” Sweta said with anger.

“When did you come here?” Madhav asked her with wonder.

“What is this question? We are here in this room for the last twenty years.”

As sweta said this, Mamata corrected her.

“Not just twenty years, twenty years plus five months and twenty two days.” Mamata said.

“Yes. She is corrected. I killed her when at the same time she killed me.” Sweta said.

“How can I keep quiet when she likes the same man I loved?” Mamata said.

“Now I love Madhav. Again you came for a competition.” Sweta said with disgust.

“But we cannot kill each other. We are ghosts now.” Mamata said.

Madhav was in a great problem with the two ghost writers, he is quickly thinking what to do.

__END__

