Funny Short Story – Do Not Disturb

Funny Short Story – Do Not Disturb

My bedroom is the best place where I find rest & comfort after being exhausted from daily activities. I am a lazy person & my things are never kept at a proper place. All are messed up. It sometimes takes me a time equivalent to a treasure’s hunt when I start looking for things. Sometimes I find it even beneath me or my mother or father  sitting in my bedroom.

Any guest who first comes to my room only condemns it. But I don’t care. I am living my life the way I want. Recently my mother gifted me a cellphone on my birthday. I showed it to all my friends & have given my number to all of them. I am busy searching all its functions. It was the best phone I ever had until I kept it alive.

It was my carelessness, because of it, it is dead by now. It was crying & crying & I never heard it’s voice. It was crying-“don’t tamper me. Don’t use me beyond my capacity”.

I never understood it’s sentiments. I kept on researching on it.

Many times I even sat on it. It was well till then even it only got switched off. But I moved on with my carelessness. I took it with myself wherever I went. Even to the bathroom & toilet. It only served the punishment of being my first phone ever. Now it is dead totally not crying, not ringing, not singing,not vibrating. Only lying dead & wet.

It all happened like this.  One day I was too exhausted from my college classes & feeling too sleepy because I worked whole day & night. I had used it badly in the past few days, bumped it, sat on it, threw it, pressed it’s keys endlessly.  All my emotions anger, love, fear, bravery, curiosity were out on it. It’s component’s have lost their half of life within first few weeks of my blind usage. Now it is 2 months old & somehow till now alive.

I reached my bedroom dragging my legs & went into the bathroom to wash my face, take a bath & go to sleep. It was in my pocket hale & hearty. I washed my face & went to bathtub. It was already full. So I bent to make foam in it & as I bent it slipped out of my pocket suddenly & fell into it. I quickly took it out. But by that time it had died. I kept it to dry. I tried to open it but it gave no response not even cried for my atrocities on it. I even took it to get it repaired but it will never come back. Water has penetrated in it deeply & it cannot breathe. So it died.

I hope no one sees that day when their cellphone is dying in front of them. No cellphone has this kind of fate being the owner of a wrong person & suffering as a result of it. The last words which I heard from my cellphone to me were ” Do not disturb” after my death.

__END__

