Funny Short Story – Punchy Proposal

Punchy Proposal – Funny Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Aayush woke up at his bed with a heavy head and hangover. His face was red with lipstick stains and his body was hurting due to the number punches he had got. He got up and started to walk towards the washroom and tripped off over his friend arjun who was lying down on the floor all drunk again. Aayush sat down on the corner of the bed and was trying to recollect what had happened last night and how the hell did he land up in this condition.

The last thing he remembered was that he was getting ready to go for the 31

 December party in his room at royal beach resort where they were staying in goa for the holiday. Then he remembered that it was only him and arjun in the room. He began to think where were the other guys. Immediately he went to the phone and picked it up dialed the extension number of the girls room, nobody answered the call.

His mind was getting heavy again due to the questions. He called up the pantry to order a cup of black coffee and sat down against the wall of the bed. He called out Arjun to wake him up. When arjun dint wake up he threw a pillow on him to wake him. Arjun woke up abusing aayush for the pillow blow.

The coffee had come, aayush just gulped it down in a hurry as he badly wanted the headache to stop where as arjun was still lazing on the bed. Aayush budged arjun and started bombarding him with question like

What happened last night?

Why am I in such a state (lipstick marks and punch marks together)?

What happened?

Where are hemant and benoy?

Where were the girls???

WHERE IS POOJA???

Answer me u bugger! Where is POOJA? What the hell happened?

All this while Arjun was just sitting on the bed and showing least interest in his questions. Then he got up and walked very lazily towards the bathroom and after what seemed like 20 minutes he came out. Again in a lazy pace he came back and sat on the bed knowing that aayush was looking at him completely pissed off.

Arjun picked up the coffee and had a sip of it. It was still warm besides arjun dint have a hang over he was just delaying answering arjun’s questions because he wanted the curiosity to rise till the peak of panic.

Slowly arjun opened his mouth to answer and said

“hemant and benoy have gone back to MUMBAI along with the girls.”

Silence again.

This time arjun himself broke the silence by questioning “do you not remember anything?”

Arjun then started narrating the entire episode of last evening.

We went to the pub and had 1 vodka shots each. You were getting very hyper to propose pooja as soon as the clock strikes 12. In your nervousness you drank 5 vodka and 2 beers and were still pretending that you are fine while you were standing at the bar and watching her dance. I kept stopping you before each drink but

“tu toh tu hai na. bada majnu ban ne k liye mare jar aha tha. Tuhje meri aawaz sunai kahan de rahi thi pooja k chakkar mei!” (you were in full mood of becoming a romeo while I tried stopping you before each drink you had, but you weren’t hearing me at all because you were busy staring pooja)

Aur phir toh tune had hi karr di (and then u crossed your limits.)

At 11.50 you went to the DJ took the mike and told him to stop the music and made an open announcement stating

“Miss pooja, the one whose wearing a red top and black skirt. Please come and meet me near the fountain as I wana tell you something very important and personal and I wana kiss you happy new year as the clock strikes 12.”

Then what half the people in the pub were drunk. Girl who were single rushed there to kiss you and guys who were drunk thought you were hitting on their girlfriend POOJA and they ran to hit you. And I guess some just came to smash you for free also. Arjun had a grin on his face.

The entire pub was a havoc. Bloody as***le, you spoiled the entire new year of ours. We couldn’t even reach you in between all that rush and you were so drunk I don’t even know the count of girls u kissed. We had to call the guards to rescue you amidst the kissing girls and the hitting guys. Finally when we reached you, a girl was kissing you like crazy man and pooja saw it and just turned around as she couldn’t see the you in that state.

Benoy and I picked you up and brought back to the room. Pooja wished to go home so hemant and benoy left with the girls and I stayed back because of you.

Aayush was listening with a shocked expression all of this. He wanted it to be the best new year by proposing to his friend POOJA and he messed it up. He felt horrified but the question was why did all this happen. To which arjun shouted out loud

“THERE WERE ALMOST 30 POOJA’S IN THE PUB U, IDOIT! POOJA IS A VERY COMMON NAME. ALMOST 20% GIRLS IN INDIA HAVE THE NAME POOJA.”

Aayush innocently said in his defence “but I mentioned the girl with red top and black skirt”

Arjun snapped back “THE THEME FOR YESTERDAY WAS RED AND BLACK YOU JERK!!! “

Aayush immediately hit his head with his palm and said OH F**K!!! I am an such an ass!!!

After sometime they got ready and left for Mumbai.

 

BACK IN MUMBAI-

While pooja was very upset in the entire journey about all that episode she was also laughing inside at all the mess.

As soon as aayush reached Mumbai he called pooja and said sorry for like a million times on phone and requested to meet. They decided to meet next day at the college canteen after their last lecture.

Aayush was still rehearsing apologies while he entered the canteen and spotted pooja sitting in the corner seat instead of their usual seat.

He slowly approached her and tapped her shoulder pooja stood up faced him and before he could say a word

SLAP ON THE FACE

And before he could regain his posture

A KISS FOLLOWED.

After a while when when they parted the guys just jumped on aayush laughing and pooja just gave a shy but broad smile.

__END__

