Short Story Funny – Mantriji

Photo credit: 

 from 

Our Mantriji was a great man, he had this tendency of helping every soul. So for the welfare of his subject he had to go to many foreign countries generally accompanied by Baakeji, his attendant and have a review of their villages. For all this sacrifices he made, he was respected by the people of his domain.

Once Mantriji went to Hawaii on an official tour to have a review of their thriving villages. Mantriji saw the beauty and was spellbound, even though their production was little they were far ahead of his subject.

Mantriji had a fine glance at the beach and said -“Do you know why our villages are so backwards in every nature Baakeji.”

Baakeji-“No sir I do not have the slightest idea ti the question you posed sir.”

To this Mantriji said -“Gross wastage.”

“Gross wastage, but how!”- Baakeji exclaimed.

“Look at these stunning beauties at the beaches, on one hand they are saving a lot of money on their clothes and on another attracting a lot of foreign tourists. You see when I return my slogan will be “say no to sari and yes to bikini.””-Mantriji was thrilled at his findings.

Best Baakeji could do at the possible moment was to nod. So when he returned he told his people of his vision, but nobody was amused by Mantriji’s words. He said to himself these fools are not yet ready for a great soul like me and so the event passed by.

One day while reading paper Mantriji went furious -“It is the darkest hour of kalyuga, different scams every now and then. God only knows what will happen to us now.”

Baakeji shocked said -“But why are you concerned Mantriji, scams affect taxpayers not the swiss account holders.”

Oh yes, Mantriji was a great man.

He always found out a way to help people get rid of their hard earned money via various schemes. But till date he had no major scam to his account.

Mantriji said -“It is hard to compete this world the world is getting innovative nowadays. A new scam emerges every now and then. If we do not have a innovative scam then our swiss wells will run dry.”

In a hoard of new innovative scam Mantriji was heartbroken. He could not think much so he said -“Cow littering in public places is a government property. We should either sell it or put a tax on it.”

If you think how will that help the think this way. A cow litters 3-4 times a day and there are 365 days and a village has atleast 300 cows to its account and our Mantriji has many such villages under his domain. His long dream of having a scam was fulfilled by this “Cowdung Scam.”

So this is how our Mantriji’s days goes by always thinking of his people’s money, oops, about their welfare and new schemes to save the falling swiss banks.

__END__

