Funny Story – The Idiots

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is village, full of farmers and cattle. Don’t worry about the name if the village, you can see one in the left and one more in the right. You wonder to see that one more here and one more there. This means, the villages of this kind are not a new thing.

I am going by walk as there is only one way of vehicles, that is called Bullock Cart and I have no known person there in the village so that he can send me a speed vehicle. Yes, Bullock Cart is a speed vehicle as it is not under your control or command and it goes as the young bulls are either willing to walk or to run, either to run or to gallop. Yes the young bulls can gallop, better than the race horses in certain times.

I saw two men are not walking, but crawling (dragging their body by putting weight on the floor and moving by hands and knees). I wondered and I even thought that these men must be idiots.

“Why crawling like this, you can pretty well walk to reach the destiny soon.” I asked.

“I don’t want to go home quick.” One man said.

“Why, what is the reason?” I asked wondering at him.

“Because I am afraid of my wife, she questions me, ‘why you came home so quickly? Is your work so easy that you return home early?’ So I want to go home lately, it is why I am crawling instead of walking.” He replied sincerely.

‘IDIOT’ I thought without a second thought.

“Actually I want to go home quickly. But When I saw this man crawling, I thought I have no crawling experience. So to have the crawling experience, I am also crawling.” The second man said without a second thought, that means it is his first thought that he is following.

‘BIG IDIOT’ I thought with only one thought of this idiot.

I thought, idiots are there everywhere around us, we have to see them with some real thoughts. People are sometimes children who think to do something that is not usual. I know the children who put the chairs reverse and try to sit on back of the chair. They reverse the scooter (toy scoter) and try to sit on the back of the engine (no engine is there).

So we should not think that this is not impossible. As for as the people are not having very much knowledge and the thinking will be just like this, things happen like this. When a villager enters a hotel in a city first time and hears that the server is shouting “Table Clean” for the boy, the villager thinks that it is a dish and orders the server to bring two table cleans for him.

You should not name him as idiot. He is a man of no knowledge of city hotels and the English words and so it happens as very natural incident.

Idiots can be the clever men also when they think in out of boundaries of the system and while thinking so they are idiots and when they show the results, they are BRILLIANT.

My people in the city call me that I am a brilliant guy and what ever I expect in my field, it will be cent per  cent correct. I have a special knowledge of shares. I advise my friends to purchase certain share and they get benefited by purchasing those shares. I ask them to sell certain shares which they have, foreseeing the upcoming results and as they sell those shares in time they are getting benifited. In that way, I am called Brilliant.

I went to the village to see a friend who is in good position. I want to ask him to enter the shares business and get benefited.

When I said about my idea, he simply laughed.

“Did you come here all the way here just to make me rich?” my friend asked me.

“Yes, why do ask me this thing?” I asked him with a surprise.

“Idiot” he smoothly gave me a title.

“Expand your word.” I insisted.

“I am richest person in this village and I am earning twenty times more than a flourishing farmer in any village. Why all this is possible? I am a perfect calculator of shares and I am doing this business for so many years. You are an idiot that do not know that I am No.1 share business man here.”

My friend explained and I became idiot from brilliant in minutes. I smiled and he smiled.

“Think that you have come here to see me, your old friend. That will be something meaningful and reasonable.” My friend said and I silently accepted.

That morning I went with him to his farm. There is a cashew nut grove and the cashew nut Fruits are very alluring with yellow and red colors. I went to a ripen fruit of cashewnut and cut it from the branch. As I am eating the fruit, the juice is coming out and few drops are landing on my while shirt.

The worker on the grove saw me and he said to his master, my friend like this, “Who is this idiot sir? It seems like he does not know that the cshewnut fruit’s juice can cause strains on his white shirt. I did not see an idiot like him here in our farm.”

In this I have become idiot many times in the village, because I don’t know so many things that the common villager knows.

Don’t  say any one as idiot. An idiot can be brilliant one in certain occasions and a brilliant can be idiot in certain situations.

_THE END_

