Short Story Funny – Ruined!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

This funny incident which I am going to relate to you happened when I was in 6th. It was the last day that we (our whole class) would be seeing each other in 6th, from the next day onwards our exams were starting and after that we’d go to 7th.

So, on this last day, we decided to have a community lunch (just like a farewell, but we liked this name better).We had decided what to bring on this day, before (over a 100 times). But on that day, a boy brought something that he shouldn’t have brought, something that ruined everything, something we didn’t decide to bring or even imagined he’d bring. And this ‘something’ ruined our food- all of our food and made us hungry till we got something to eat at home, I woke up that morning with full of spirits and I guess I was very foolish that morning because I decided not to eat my breakfast!! We had decided to bring lots of stuff to eat but……

This is what happened- the ‘something’ was … an ‘after shave spray’!!!

Nobody knew that, that boy would bring such a thing. He didn’t dare to show us that spray till he used it. We had ordered a ‘black forest’ cake for the community lunch. The teachers cut it, and then something happened which was much unexpected. That boy just sprayed that spray and it went everywhere and spoiled every single food .There were lots of gaping and shouting and beating and stuff like that.

“Poor boy” I heard my friend saying. Well, I would put it in this way-“foolish boy”. Some students had money and they all brought us something to eat. There were two teachers who had not brought their lunch – and they were among the few who really bet that boy. Luckily they had brought money (well, they always do!), and brought something to eat for themselves and for us as well.

“It was a very funny day”, many of us say now, but then everyone was very angry. Over 2000 rupees was used for all the stuff we had brought for that auspicious day (it was auspicious till the disaster happened), and that boy was to pay all this money which he readily agreed. I am sure he might have got endless scolding’s from his parent for that.

“The spray had only cost 50 rupees,” he said afterwards “and now I have to give 2000 rupee!”

__END__

