Funny Short Story – The Biggest Dumb

Photo credit: 

 from 

A father to his dumb son: Dear son! I could not make some payment to Mr. Rao. due to lack of time so I want u to do so. I am going to Delhi today and most probably will be back on sunday.

Bunty: Ohhh! How is that possible to come tomorrow?? 12 hours are taken in one side journey to delhi and u……..

Father: U idiot! talking about next Sunday.

Bunty: Oh! U didn’t mention that actually.

Father: (shouting) Do i need to mention everything you blo**y rocket!..hmm?? Why do you call me father?? I have never mentioned this too even before.

Bunty:  Actually Dad! ….I think it’s my.. common sense because you know how sincere I am   (paused for a moment and said suddenly with a little smile)

Father: Ohh my god! U know what son? I have lost my sense only once in my whole life at that night and that mistake has been resulted in form of you (disappearing in some moments).

Bunty: wow… how interesting those moments might have been…Oh, Dad! I have interest to know the whole story.

Father: Go to your mom. She used to explain anything better than me.

Bunty: Oh dad! What’s wrong with you? You know that she is no more or you indirectly want me to die because it would be the only way to meet her.

Father: wow…nice common sense u have used to make me happy. Now use your common sense to make the payment. The cash is inside the locker and I don’t know how much money it has been this month. So go to Mr. Rao and ask that…… Yes one more thing! I think it would be better to pay the money with some interests. (asserting) because It becomes easy to pay the cash in some installments. ok??

Bunty: ok father.

 (Father has come back from delhi late night so didn’t ask anything to his son. Next morning Both were taking tea together)

Father: So dear! how did you enjoy this week??

Bunty: Oh father! My this week completely went in calculation.

Father: (surprising) Wow! Did u start solving mathematics??? Oh this is what i was waiting for a long time.

Bunty: ….no dad! Actually I am talking about the payment which u had told me to pay.

Father: ohhh! So you paid that. right???

Son: Of course yes dad. U had told me only one thing to do during one week. How couldn’t I.

Father: Oh good. How much was it to pay??

Bunty: It was 1000 with 10% of interest.

Father: ok ok! (with a little smile) So how much did u pay dear…See! U don’t mind plz… becoz i know your mathematics is not as weak as i thought…. I know you must have paid some….

Son: 10010 Rs. only. (A huge smile showing his overconfidence)

Father: (socked)…10010??? and that is “only”. Oh I think u r mistaken to speak. it should be 1100 Rs. ONLY.

Bunty: Dad! Don’t confuse me. It was u who said to pay the cash in installments. Didn’t you say that?

Father: Of course I said. but……

Bunty: What but?? If I had not paid the money at the correct time YOUR “but” would have been MY “injured BUTT”.

Father: (shouting) Shut up! Now tell me how the hell you paid such a big amount instead of paying 1100Rs.

Bunty: (feared) Actually I learnt the formula of calculating the percentage. I had to pay 1000 with 10% of interest. Means

 (1000*10)/100

 right???

Father: hmm.

Bunty: So i thought to pay it in 2 installments….1st- I paid by multiplying 1000 by 10 (1000*10) that is 10000 Rs. only. And second I Paid by dividing 1000 by 100 (1000/100) that is 10 Rs. only. 

(Father had no words instead of saying “Only”).

__END__

