Funny Story – WOMEN HAVE NO WIVES

Photo credit: 

 from 

Many people take advices, but all the advices are not beneficial to him. Many people receive advices from one ear and leave them from other ear. Very few people get the benefit from advices by strictly following the advices as said or explained or advised.

When you go for advising to any one just find out what that person needs and as per the need you have to advise him so that he can simply understand the need of your advice and he can simply follow your advice.

The rich persons are always think they are capable of advising the poor, because they are rich just as they are wise and the poor are poor just because they are foolish or not wise. So rich people try to advise the poor always, but the poor seldom follow their advices, just because they are rich and just because that they think that the rich are thinking superior.

As a matter of fact, those who advise or criticize are our well wishers, so we must always feel happy to accept the company of advising or criticizing people and we have attach ourselves with them rather than those who simply praise always to satisfy you.

“You are unmarried, so you are a failure in life.” One of my friend said with a smile.

“Why? I am more comfortable and happy for I have no problems of married life. I have no children, I have no wife, I am the happiest person in the world.” I said.

My friend smiled again and said that I am at loss by not being married,

“What is that loss?” I asked him.

“You are at the loss of an advisor. You are a failure, because you have no advisor.”

I really think how serious the matter is and advice is so much important in life, mostly at very crucial situations where you need an advisor.

I have a wise wife. So she is my advisor. I act as per her advices. The results are sometimes good and sometimes bad. When the results are very fine, my wife says, “I am the door of your success and I have opened your success. You are not this much better if I have not come in to your life as your wife.”

I agree and I bring her a costly a new sari and sweets, fruits, flowers and everything she orders me. I want to say many times, “I don’t want your stupid advice. I am not an idiot. I know what to do.”

But I never said so. She has the luck for I am a man thinking that hurting women even by words is a great crime. So I don’t hurt her. I simply love her. I simply follow her. I simply accept her advices as my boons.

I know that a word to wise is not necessary. Many times, I think that I am wise and my wife is a fool, idiot, stupid and what not.

I know that advice is something that is far more blessed to give than to receive. I ask my wife to give me the best possible advice, when she gives me any advice, she also says, Try this and if will not work, come back, I will give one more the best advice and if that too fails, don’t be frustrated, I am here to give you advices as for as you are a great winner in your efforts.”

I am stupefied, stunned, dazed, befuddled, shocked, astound and what not…

I am asked one day, or I have been advised by my wife like this.

“You are getting salary hike in every three months, so you are a very intelligent guy. Why you work at some one. You are golden goose. Resign from job and start your own business.” My wife advised.

I know the golden goose story. If I am a golden goose giving a golden egg every day, my wife wants to cut my belly and take all the golden eggs at a time. So I wondered at her advice and said “let me think”

My wife did not stop giving her advice. She finally made me resign and start the own business. All the money in her and my accounts are invested and the business is started.

The time for this business is not favorable. We have no advisors. Luckily, we have no bank loans. The total  staff are me, my wife and two small girls with no voice. All the favorable facts helped us come out of the possible chaos of the results of our venture.

The business has been utter failure and one day we have to remove the board and we paid the balance of rent by selling everything we had. The wise husband is before the wife for giving advice.

“What is your advice now?” My wife asked me. I looked at her.

I said in a cool voice:

“You are lucky. Women have no wives.”

 _END_

