It was half past two at night.

George just couldn’t go back to sleep after the annoying sex he had moments ago with his wife, Mitchell. He instead went to the living room, made a drink for himself and switched on the TV. Any husband would be upset to learn that his wife is in love with someone else. He was suspicious of her acts but never in his wildest of dreams he had thought that situation could be this much worse.

His annoyance crossed the threshold when he saw the man responsible for everything on one of the channels. He switched multiple channels but still couldn’t escape Adam Smith’s flawless face and charming smile, that’s exactly how his wife would describe him. It was his birthday and the same being featured on every channel. George made another drink for himself.

The bastard had kissed Mitchell more often than her own husband. She would even strip off her clothes to feast his eyes with her curves in George’s absence. Although George had known all this he would stay quiet for he wanted his wife herself to confess everything about her lover, but that never happened.

“Adam turns forty tonight”, she had said which immediately pissed off her husband. He felt as if Smith’s birthday pleased his wife even more than sex and thus had walked out of the bedroom. Adam Smith’s smile appeared to mock George from within the TV. He had lost his head as he grabbed the knife from the fruit basket placed on the dining table.

Had Adam been there in front of him, George would have slaughtered him on his birthday. But since it was his wife who seemed more excited about everything, she deserved the lesson to be taught first. After all she had chosen her lover over her husband. He got up from his chair and walked towards his bedroom.

His wife lay naked in the blanket on the bed. He sneaked towards her side of the bed with the knife in his hand. There was just enough light for him to see her face. He wondered whether he should do it and thought hard to find any reason which would prevent the same. He couldn’t find one.

He then cautiously started to scratch the knife on the wall beside her wife. Its sound, however, woke up Mitchell.

“Honey, what are you doing?” she said as she switched on the lamp.

“Saving our marriage” he said.

“And how would peeling Adam Smith’s picture off the wall save our marriage?”

“At least you would be spared from sharing your lips with this bloody picture”

“George, are you jealous of this picture?” Mitchell smiled.

“I am just jealous of the ba**ard who has turned my wife into a fanatic, else why would she utter his name while having sex with her husband” he said.

“Honey, I must have mentioned it casually.”

“Then it certainly wasn’t the right time for you to be casual” he said.

“Why don’t we just forget everything and start from where we had left” she said as she took hold of his hand.

“What do you mean?”

“You know what I mean George, don’t you?” she kicked off the blanket with her feet to flaunt her curves, this time however for her husband.

George threw away the knife and jumped into the bed as Mitchell’s lover survived on the wall yet again for another day.

–END–

