Hilarious Short Story – POOR PAPPU!!

POOR PAPPU!! – Hilarious Short Story

Pappu was married to rihana just a day ago . Everyone is very happy in the house . PAPPU was getting very excited for his first night.

“Pappu you have to reach station at 2 o’clock to receive you uncle aunty . They are coming for your reception party”, said pappu’s father mann singh.

Pappu was very happy to hear that everybody is coming to attend his reception party.

” Ok dad I will reach at time”, said pappu.

As per the timing pappu reached station with his servant sambhu and three cars. At 2:39 train reached Delhi station.

And one by one 40 people came out of a single boogie and waved their hand to pappu.

” Do you know all of them,are they all your relatives”,asked sambhu.

“May be”,answered pappu totally in shock.

All of them congratulate pappu for his marriage and  move towards the car.

“Bhaiya dont you think we need more cars”,asked sambhu.

Somehow they all got adjusted in 3 cars and 3 taxis

After reaching home pappu’s mausa entered into a room and put his luggage and went to bathroom to get fresh.

Suddenly he started shouting because when he came out from bathroom he found that two of  pappu’s uncle has already reserved his bed .  Mausa thought that they were insulting her decided to go back.

Mann singh asked rihanna to come up with a great cup of tea for mausa ji. Mausa ji seeing her newly wed daughter-in -law with a cup of tea cooled down and blessed her.

After that mausa ji was shifted to a room with air conditioner in it.  OH GOD!!!!! THAT WAS PAPPU’S ROOM!!!!!

The room in which pappu was planning  to celebrate his first night.

Pappu’s reception was celebrated grandly in hotel kalyan mandap. Everyone enjoyed the food, the dance .

Next morning  when sambhu opened his eyes he saw that pappu was sleeping beside him.

“Bhaiya what happened”,asked sambhu.

Pappu with his red eyes said ” dont ask me, uncle after getting drunk makes a lot of noise at night and hotel manager ordered him to take him out from the hotel, I took them out from hotel, dadi took rihana with her and I have to sleep beside you.”

__END__

