Humorous Short Story – Dracula Effect

Photo credit: 

 from 

Those are the days when vampire stories were in the category of “horror and thriller”. The cute ‘

’ from ‘Twilight Saga’ haven’t arrived.

I was very bored after a hectic office schedule that day. Had my dinner early and was contemplating whether to watch a movie or to read a book. The weather was cold and the air was damp. I voted to read a book. Anyone would have selected a romantic novel, but I choose “ 

” to give me company.

I purchased the book unwillingly. Even after spending much time in a book store I couldn’t find a good book. In that moment “

” caught my eye. I remembered the film poster with vampire canines dripping with blood. I got the book home and it remained untouched till this day.

Now alone in the room, I was thinking about the amount of fear the book can instil in me. I started reading the book, the story was good and kept me engaging. I haven’t noticed the time. The night has become silent and breeze was cool, like the touch of a vampire.

I was too involved in the story that I began imagining the story and playing it to my mind’s eye. After few minutes i noticed something was different. I was surprised first then i feared. Things happening around me where similar to those I am reading in the novel. As I read that cold wind blew on protagonist’s face, a cold wind blew over me sailing past the curtains. I thought this must be coincidence. Then the window slammed shut in the novel and all of a sudden my room window started swinging creating an odd sound. I sat straight with fear with a shiver running down my spine. Next thing that came to mind was “Is there any vampire hanging near the window to taste my blood?!!”.  The only thing i could do was to reach the couch and crawl under the bed-sheet. I couldn’t sleep and was stealing a look at the window. I didn’t remember how i slept.

Next  morning i had a hearty laugh on what happened last night. Now ‘Dracula’ humors me instead of fearing me.

__END__

