Rain-My Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rain…..it’s a beautiful gift of God. Right????

Any comments on this line???

Well the point is, I don’t feel so. Majority of us just like the rain. But in my opinion rain has a problem. And the problem is it always rains when I am at home. I just hate the rain for this . If its coming at the time when am outside my house it would have been good for me. I also love to enjoy the rain sometimes. Enjoying rain at home is a big challenge for me. I will explain…..

When it rains, my brothers run into it (thanks to God its the only time when they wash themselves without my mother’s shouting)

They dance like  Sharukh khan himself is dancing in a song sequence. My mother smelling something fishy comes from nowhere (i don’t know how but mothers reach at the wrong spot on time). She attacks them with her awesome blabbering ,grabs them and pushes them to the balcony simultaneously . In the mean time Geeta aunty peeping from her window,all this time, comes to her balcony to take her clothes hanged at her balacony( this think also I don’t know, whenever something “interesting” happens at our house Geeta aunty comes to balcony to take her clothes). Geetha aunty is our neighbour . She is a housewife with five servants to do all the work and her hobby includes gossiping and questioning others.

Seeing her ,my mom changes her high pitch tone to a sad one & says

“oh these boys!!!! Am fed up with them”

Looking affectionately at “the reasons” for my mother’s grievance Geeta aunty smiles and tells

“Oh children are always like that. If they are not playing at this age when will they do that???????”

(Geeta aunty loves to question my mother)

Hearing this I feel proud that all women are not like my mom who always scolds us. There are other people who realize what children want!!!!!! Feeling wonderful I also jump into the rain and my mom again repeats the above mentioned scenes i.e. yelling etc. etc.

Again Geeta aunty comes (here comes my saviour) and my mom complaints

“See, am fed up with this girl!!!!!”

And the always confident me looks at Geeta aunty with respect and at mom with disdain and then my saviour with a very serious tone replies

“You people have spoiled her. Instead of arranging a marriage you crazy people are sending her to college.what else you expect from such a girl?????”

Oh my God!!!! She too is an awesome blabberer. Though I never realized . How dare she calls my family crazy??? I was ready to question….. But my mother’s silence never allowed me to do that. Maybe geeta aunty was right??? Who knows???Otherwise why mother’s not responding??? Nobody can beat her in “word fight”. I knew it personally (later I realised that she was fuming with anger because it was me who gave Geeta aunty a chance to insult my mom ,that was why she kept quiet)

“Its all your fault. If I was her mom…..” Thank God she stops there as phone rings from inside her house.

Then ……no am not explaining we all know what would have happened. But atleast you should understand that even a rain can cause a fight between a loving daughter and her perfect mother!!!

Life is a challenge ….live it….fight it………(that too only because we don’t have any choice )

(Note:All the characters resembled in this story is fictious. Resemblance to any person is purely coincidental)

__END__

