Science Fiction – Happy New Year

Photo credit: 

 from 

The old Year is going. I am yet in the old year. I don’t want to let her go.

“Hi Buddies. I am going. Stop loving me. A new year is coming for you. She will take care of you.”

“I want you. You are very lovely. I flourished to so much in this year. I don’t know, how the New Year will be for me. I want you to stay.”

She laughed. She said, “I cannot stay for you. My time is over. I am old. I have to go. Go quick if you want to stay alive. Leave me now, I am in hurry. Few minutes are left.”

I am so unhappy, as I am losing my prosperity, I am so unhappy for I am losing everything. I loved this year so much. The old year is now going.

As the darkness is around and the old year is getting as a part of the darkness and she is vanishing, I am also out in the darkness following her. Now I have left the earth, following the old year. Time is infinite.

It is the galaxy, a blurred scattering of stars in the night. I lost my way. The old year is gone. My luck, my prosperity, my future is gone. I am in the galaxy, alone, moving here and there. I did not find my old year. I am in misery. I am in distress and I am in destruction. I found the globe as the brightest one I have just left. Now I am repenting at my foolishness. Who will leave such a beautiful, nicely decorated globe? Am I not a fool?

*****

I saw a small space ship coming towards me. Somebody from the space ship gave me a hand. I know, he came out from the space ship. He is flying in the space like a ball. Next minute, he took me in to the spaceship.

As I have entered in side there, I found some people there who are great scientists.

I wished them, “Good Evening doctors.”

The scientists showed some unknown interest in me looking at me with pity.

“Happy New Year” I said looking at them, with a broad smile on my face.

“Happy New Year, so the new year has come.” One scientist said.

“Yes. New Year has come Doctors. I dropped here following the old year.” I said.

They wondered. They saw me as a wonder man.

“You came here in this space, just following the old year? It is wonderful.” One doctor said with real astonishment.

“What is wonder? It was possible, if not how he could come here?” Another doctor said.

“Our president is about to inspect our space craft in the TV on land. He is more particular about good results. How can we make him believe that we got this gentleman as “stray gentleman-helpless-In space”? we all know that It is not possible to travel in space without a space craft.” One more doctor said.

“What to do now?” The Psychologist-cum-scientist asked others.

I saw in to the faces of the scientists some feeling as if I am requesting them to save me. They all look very kind and they are ready to save me without my request.

“We are going up in the space to some unknown planet. Let us drop him on that planet.” One scientist said.

“If there is no life, this gentleman will die. So we should not do that.” Another scientist said.

“Yes, he will die, even if we leave him here in the space. It is sure, he will die. Moreover, he is not a scientist like us, so that he can find way to save his life. So we have to search some other way to save this gentleman.” The head of the scientists said with pity on me.

Then another scientist who is operating radio operations just came there and he said:

“There is plenty of interfering radiation. But it’s now thinned out enough for a contact. Shall I contact with the earth? ” He asked the senior scientist.

He has been indicated a chair besides me. He saw me first time, sitting beside me.

“Sit calm. Don’t contact the earth now. We have to first dispose this ‘Old Year gentle man’ and then we will contact the earth. We are safe and have good contact position, so we need not worry. Have a better look on this gentleman who came as an innocent baby in to this space, just following the old year.”

Senior scientist explained him about me. Now all the scientists on the space craft are well acquainted with me.

I have been given the space ship materials and the space ship tools. I had the food they are eating and the water they are drinking.

“Thanks” I said with a lot of gratitude.

“Thanks. But we have lot more to do to for you to get you away from here.” The psychologist-cum-scientist said with a lot of serious thinking.

“You did a mistake by following the old year, you know. Just by your simple mistake, our mission is getting the unexpected troubles.” Another scientist said.

“Not the most hospitable-looking place this is for you. Is it not right?” one more scientist asked me with a lot more care.

One more scientist grinned faintly. “Well, we’re good at doing that, aren’t you in the problem of no food and water if we did not see you, right?”

I bowed and expressed my real respect to the team of scientists.

“You weren’t feeling good, why?” The psychologist-cum-scientist asked the one who sat beside me with more surprised looks.

“No. I am too busy thinking to setting things up for contact with the earth.”

“Sit calm. Don’t contact now.” The senior scientist alerted him.

“Well” He sat back in his chair.

“I may say it was a way not regular for we scientists, think a while, doctors.”

“Of course.”

“My argument is that…” He tried to continue.

“We don’t hear. This is important man for us who lost his path. just following the old year. It may happen to one of us also, I mean, losing our path and entering some other planet’s space. It is just like that. So we must think this as our own mistake and find out how to come out of this dangerous situation for us.”

As the senior scientist is saying, all the other scientists tossed their heads.

“I got it. I got the way to send him back to home.” One scientist cried with ecstasy.

“How is this possible?” the wonder faces of the other scientists asked him.

“We stop some home going spaceship to land on earth and send him back to his place.”

As he said this idea with a nice thought, all the scientists clapped.

“Great let us find some space ship going to earth.” One scientist said

Then the scientist who is operating radio operations stood and said:

“Leave this task for me. I will contact such spaceship and request it to come here to help this gentle man.”

“It is still preferable to the degree of brain-washing required to produce significant alterations to transfer this ‘CARGO’ to earth.” One scientist said.

Another scientist shook his head.

“Not the last. We wouldn’t have considered attempting ‘personality alteration’ in this case.”

“A new thought, what we can do in this gentleman’s case.” One more scientist applauded him.

Personality alteration is like making a living being in to a robot and send him in the space floating like a ball to any planet.

“Dr Simon, You are a specialist in this personality transformation. What do you think?”

“No problem. We change him as a robot going four times faster than any space ship. We give him a capsule also. As soon as he reaches his place, he has to eat the capsule and he will come back to as usual normal human being of his original shape and caliber, no problem at all.” Scientist Simon said.

They explained me. They transferred me in to fast going superior robot and they gave me a magic capsule also.

“Be careful my dear old year fan gentleman” he said.

“if you lose the capsule, you cannot be a human being of your original form. So take care, or you are dead.” He alerted me many times.

I got all precautions and I have been changed in to space robot of just two feet long and the capsule is given to me. I have kept the capsule in my secret pocket of Robot.

I have been thrown out in to the space from the space craft.

What I cannot understand is one point. When I could enter the space with our any space tools and entered the space craft also with no problem, why I am having the trouble to go home back to earth?

Anyhow, I lost the old year now. I have to go back to New year. How New Year will treat me, I don’t know.

Thinking all this, I came out of the space ship and going fast and faster to land on the earth.

* * * * *

I reached home on the earth safely. I ate the capsule. Wonder, I got back my original shape from robot. I am home now.

Just then so many crackers are getting burnt, the sky bright with so many lights.

I saw a great lighting in the sky. The darkness is gone. New Year has come.

“Happy New Year” The lights sparkled.

“Happy New Year” I said with cheers.

The New Year came and gave me a warm welcome. I saw that this New year is more lovely than the last year.

“Can we expect you grateful?”

I saw all the scientists before me. I shook hand. I am really grateful.

“Obviously,” I said with great respect towards them.

“And at a guess it is not a magic. The space is inside you. We are all in you, inside. It is a good show reasonably in good order, for you.” The scientists said.

They are all vanished, saying “happy New Year”.

“happy New Year” I said with great joy.

*****

“What do you say?” asked my friend.

“Nothing, what is the time now?”

“Time, It is time about to celebrate New Year party. Get ready. It is getting late”

My friend said and hurried me.

“Oh-HAW-HAW-HAW! HAPPY NEW YEAR! HAPPY NEW YEAR FRIENDS!”

I cried for I came back happily, safe and secure to welcome the New Year.

__END__

