Funny Short Story – Stupid Dream

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Well, you may ask me, what on earth you want to get married for?”

 “Yes I am asking you.”

 “But I have no answer. I tell you the strange and seemingly improbable reason that urged me for this senseless act; the fact, however, is that I am afraid of being alone. So I want to.”

 “Tell me with some clarity.”

 “I did not want to be alone in nights, I feel like I have someone with me to share my feelings and live the time with more pleasure.”

 “Okay, but you told me the other day that you did not like her.”

 “Yes I did.”

 “So I have informed her parents that you did not like her. They will get her married at other place by now.”

 “I accept all that. But I want her.”

 “Are you mad? You want the girl that you did not like, what is it?”

 “You may think that I am losing my mind. But as a matter of fact, human mind is like a magic stick. It may send messages every time that cannot be easily understood by even a psychology professor.”

 “You are a fool, I know that. Why do you say about something that is related to a psychology professor? Tell me about a fool”

 “Call me a fool or mad, I want that girl and only that girl. She is like my perfect life partner. Her smile on that day is making me mad. How beautiful she is! Wow…She is great! I want her, I want her.”

 “Okay, I agree that you want her. But that girl is one who is rejected by you?

 She is hurt and she may have disliked you. They may reject us without a second thought! Did you think about this?”

 “They will not reject. I had her mind read by me?”

 “What do you mean by that?”

 “I saw her in my dream and asked her some stupid questions. She laughed and she kissed me. If she dislikes me, she will not kiss me, you know?”

 “I am a fool.”

 “Why do you say so?”

 “If not, what I have to say? If you think that a girl in your dream is kissing you, you think she is really kissing you. Then why dreams are there. every dream should be a reality and the entire world should be a dreamland! I feel like I lost my mind.”

 “You stop your damn dream of losing your mind. Think about my problem. I wish to be able to awaken somebody by my side, so that I may be able to ask some question, may be a stupid question even, if I feel inclined, so that I may hear a sweet voice, yes the sweet voice of that lovely girl and feel that there is some waking soul close to me,”

 “Oh my god, okay, let me contact her parents and see if they like to get their daughter married to a stupid boy called you.”

 “See there, her father is coming for your stupid son.”

 “Hi…You know me. I am the father of the girl proposed for your son. May I ask you something?”

 “What is it sir?”

 “My daughter is angry for your son asking her some stupid questions in her dream. May I ask you to say your son to stop coming in to her dreams?”

 “My son is angry for your daughter is coming in his dreams and sitting close to him on his bed. May be then he might have asked some questions, which may look like stupid for your daughter!”

 “Do you mean that my daughter is stupid?”

 “I don’t mean that. Do you mean my son is stupid to ask stupid questions?”

 “No, No. I don’t mean that.”

 “So?”

 “May be my daughter is stupid.”

 “No… no. I don’t mean to say that. May be my son is stupid, I don’t know.”

 “I have a nice thought. Shall we make the two stupid souls live together?”

 “What do you mean to say?”

 “Let us make her wedded to your dreaming son.”

 “Good Idea.”

 _END_

