Funny Children Short Story – The running tutor

Photo credit: 

 from 

Our tutor – the simplest, most innocent and most authentic creature mankind ever created was here at our home to perform the task he got trained on, i.e. to teach. Oblivious of the future consequences he was just committed to his loyalty and duty.

Few days into his teaching he discovered some devoted students in us – i.e. my sister, my younger bro and I. Ears of attention were given to him, homework were completed in time, attendance were regular and understanding of subjects used to be easy. His teaching style like himself was plain, unadorned, unflashy being a product of Bihar University when he was like us, as in – a student.

 Everything was going smooth and regular. This was getting too boring for us students, at least for we brothers. We needed fun and entertainment like students need in schools and colleges. Studies have to be coupled with fun else students will be just Jacks (who had all work and no play). All right, so what to do?

My brother had already graduated in pranks back then in Standard 4th. He began to bring out his inquisitive and dramatic skills.

Sir, how is what pronounced? Is that whaaat as you are saying? Oh, okay! I will say whaaat.

 Sir, your hairstyle resembles like Sanjay Dutt, has anyone ever praised you? I am also growing it. (Sanjay Dutt’s hairstyle back then was talk of the town with every young guy adorning it).

 Sir, you ride your cycle from our place at night all alone! Don’t you get scared? Wow, you are so daring, Sir! I want to see you how you ride one day.

 Sir, why do you put the pen cap on your pen? Oh, for extra weight, got you!

These volleys of questions and ideal admiration used to make him acknowledge and reply, such was the effect! To this I thought of trying my expertise too.

Sir, this hyphenated word sair-sapaata (Hindi) means what?

 It means roaming around.

 Sir, sair means roaming around, sapaata means what?

 Oh, sapaata means nothing.

 How come it means nothing. how can a saarthak shabd be combined with nirarthak shabd?

 That’s how it is.

 Sir, but how?

 Sir now losing it – Are you teaching or me? You study ahead and stop your questions.

My bro started coming late to study while Sir already used to be there, so after a few days of tolerance and discounts, he started becoming stricter with the notion that without hammering the child won’t study and his reputation would be at stake. The strategy was to make bro bend down for few minutes and then make him study. Bro used to enjoy this extra non studying time further enlarged by dramas of stretching his body out of such intolerable pain!

 Our entertainment added during the short periods of no electricity. Those were like break times! Bro used to quietly start dancing in the dark making him suspect if anyone is actually moving beside him.

 Rahil (bro’s name), are you dancing?

 Rahil, sitting back – No Sir, I am next to you, see. (On groping poor thing used to be found there at his place).

Rahil was becoming irregular with his attendance and homework. He was looking for creativity in fun while Sir was now looking for another creativity – Introduction of claim copy!

In the claim copy, he used to write the mischieves of Rahil and mine. Excerpts – When the light had gone, Rahil cried very loudly. He was also dancing. He is not doing his homework and gets beating by me daily. Once when light came back he was not found…..

 The claim copy’s purpose was to get the signature from our guardian to ensure it’s being read and it used to be, get signed too though not read.

So, did you get the claim copy signed?

 Yes, Sir!

 What did Papa say?

 Nothing, Sir!

 He said nothing? :(

My sis once brought a pair of turtles. They used to reside in their bucket world of water. Electricity went off. Rahil’s mind was on radar! He went inside, placed two candles on the top of both turtles and set them free to enter the study room from outside. The turtles advance. Here came the turtles in dark carrying the candle lights to entertain our audience.

 Oh, what is this??? He asked scared!

 Where, Sir?

 There!

 Nothing, Sir!

 Shut up, I can see two turtles there. This is Rahil’s mischief. I will complain.

 Turtle? Where will the turtle come from? You must be scared Sir! It must be a firefly.

 Shut up!

Once Rahil was finally able to see him cycling. He cycled, Rahil praised. He blushed. The more he cycled the more he was praised. Consciously the tyre stepped on a stone and he somehow managed to handle it . Time to flee!!!

Rahil, aate aate tumko do mukka chahiye.

 Sir, kaise? Oh, you mean kabeele wale jaisa nagaada bajaate hain? Jhuko, jhuk gaya and then dham dham, Ha Ha….

 Tum kabhi nahin sudhrega, hum tumko nahin padhayenge. Aaj tak kuchh nahin padha, ulta hum hi paagal ho gaye.

Poor Sir, when he left us that day he was most relieved. He was free of our notorious questions, scary habits, dangerous praises and what not! I really wish to meet him once.

 __END__

