Funny Short Story – SHRUTI’S RECENT FUN

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a pleasant morning as Raju set out to the railway station to catch the local train to his office in a nearby town. As he entered on the platform, announcement of late arrival of the train was being made, this made him at ease and proceeded to a book stall to get a copy of ‘The Hindu’ daily. A feminine voice called Raju as he passed side a passenger coach. Raju was surprised to see Shruti waving to him, and was beside her shortly. She knew of his routine journey. Further, without waiting for a query from his side Shruti told of the pending medical checkup in a far off city.

Apart from a small luggage, Shruti carried a travelogue on 4 Dhams in North India; she told him enthusiastically that “few chapters were read and enjoyed  the book,” as she had a visit to one of them.

“Since you were in those areas for quite some time, this book may be of interest to you” she continued.

Raju nodded and desired to get it after a few days. A passing coffee vendor distracted their funny gossips and asked if they needed coffee! Raju got 2 cups, Shruti happily accepted it and enjoyed along with snacks. Chattering continued till train moved on. While Raju took leave of her, she reminded him to collect the book.

After a few weeks, during Raju’s return journey to home after an afternoon while walking on the platform to locate co-passengers, got a call on his mobile. A soft, strange voice spoke authoritatively, started questioning; on non-payment of electricity bill! Raju requested for identity.

“What identity? When you are a defaulter in paying up an electricity bill why you need identity, couldn’t you make out from where this was related to–?”

Raju started pacifying the lady official that “only previous day due payment was settled, obtained receipt and if needed could  be presented these in your office next day”.

“No no, here the system showed no-payment of your bill? Why delayed? Power might be disconnected in such case; you careless guys blame Board, being non-cooperative”.

Disconnection of power-the horrible thing gave a black out in Raju’s mind. Drawing water from well for the whole family and carrying it to bathrooms for aged parents, alternate lighting arrangements -all disgusting work made Raju uneasy during the journey. Co-passengers were puzzled over his silence, therefore, asked the reason. Raju told that electricity is the culprit.

“Oh that is all”! They exclaimed. One of them began to lecture on power problems and that here we have potential and schemes, but the fear on ecological imbalance prevails; further there is a scope for energy from a nuclear plant in the neighbour state, but due to its clamour for full energy ‘only for the state’; sharing arrangement may not be given adequate weightage by the Centre.

“My problem is not due to shortage of power” Raju told them, “but disconnection in spite of payment”.

By then Raju reached on the destination, and got down from the train.

Next day first thing Raju did in the morning was to keep electricity bill and payment receipt in the briefcase, for presenting to the lady official in Electricity office, proceeded to the railway station as usual. On the platform walking further up, heard a gentle call from behind” Raju come here”.

Standing beside the down train, Shruti told Raju that she was on a follow up treatment. After a brief chat, mimicking the call made on Raju’s mobile the other day, asked ‘Have you brought the bill and receipt?’

Continuing naughtiness now in her 40s, that too after a gap of many years took Raju by surprise! His memory began to unfold on her earlier funny tricks, though embarrassed at times, yet mostly were enjoyable!

Engine horn followed by thrusting the travelogue in Raju’s hands, came as a thorn, and distracted the mood, the train slowly moved on.

Raju got into the other train for onward journey. As the train moved on, the sight of buildings disappeared and came a stretch of green fields, then river next palm gardens one after another. These passing scenic beauty outside gave him a thrill and  yes, lost in the company of nature. After a while a ring on Raju’s cell phone awakened him, added yet another thrill as it mimicked softly

“you are not a defaulter I know, relax and enjoy reading ah- ah- ah-!”

__END__

