Funny Short Story – Girl behind glass

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

I cursed the cold winter as I got out of the house at 5:30 early in the morning, and started walking towards office, in a bass “Tujme Rab Dikhta Hai Yaara Mai Kya Karoo” imitating Roop Kumar Rathod & even it got the reason as the last song I heard yesterday was the same one.

There was a mist & I could see little more than 20 to 25 feet of road in front of me; this is the single reason why I would spend such a bleak morning in any places other than under the sheets. I always think, sleeping an extra half an hour in the morning might extend my life by another couple of years…I glittered my teeth when I picturized a boy of may be 12 to 14 years, crammed in a sweat t-shirt & a scarf covering half portion of his face, was busy in selling Tea & cigarettes’ which were comfortably mounted on a cycle .

Felt bad for that poor little boy Middle age man, cozily lying bellows the stone bench snoring away like a mini train. I gave him a glance, and walked up to the next bench and started warming myself up with Hot Tea. There was someone seated on it already & I shared the bench, it was two girls, of may be 22 to 25 years kind of good looking, bambi eyes, googly woogly wosh kind of girls waiting for bus. One is beautiful and other very beautiful. I gave them fleeting glance while one of them put cooling glass (early in the morning!!?). But they had that ‘’you go take a hike’’ looks on their face. Clothes which suggested that they were probably the girlfriends of the sons of some business tycoons, who could afford to spend an amount equal to my annual income on one night ’s booze. Before I could see them again, a giant bus picked them up.

Overall scene dropped me in to a deep flashback. Here we go……….,

I woke up & grabbed my bag rapidly even without rubbing my eyes, as I heard announcement “Welcome to.…….!” in different languages, it seemed, no one is caring her “welcome” & even I. Since my childhood, I am very much fascinated towards morning atmosphere of railway stations & bus stands. I love to spend time in bus stand & railway station (only in morning) but I do that once in a blue moon & more than this I love to have tea & idlis with hot sambar & fresh coconut chutney of roadside shops.

Before I fully enjoy the chilling morning with hot tea, a loud voice disturbed me “52 sector, shed.. Shed… shed…..only Rs 5…only 5” a driver cum kinner (slang or an alternate word for “cleaner!” used in northern Karnataka) of the “three wheeler Tam-Tam” started shouting in front of me but opposite side of the road. Most part of the old city was shifted to well plan but not well developed (Under development) city & my destination was located between 50th sectors & shed. I crossed the road & reached the tam-tam. Driver slightly shifted to his right after seeing question mark on my face as “Where to sit, bro?!” made space for me to put my butt comfortably even I love to sit front just to enjoy the road side scenes, passing bikes, truck sound and more over foundation can’t bear the pain of bumping .

We have not even covered furlong, tam-tam screeched to a 10 meters to a halt, a companion shared another part of driver seat. Driver was totally sandwiched. All the trees in the vicinity were recently cut down by “Development authority”. Earlier, the big shady trees used to tower the road. I took off my jacket which covered my upper part of the body. It seemed as if I would have to carry it around as a burden for next few hours. Once again our journey started on bumpy road. “Oh sh*t! Not again” I murmured when tam-tam stopped. Back seat passengers stepped out making back seat free.

“Am not feeling comfortable here, let me go back” I whispered & without waiting for his permission I jumped and shifted my bag to back seat.

“Men will be men” I muttered.

I shifted from front to back seat as considerably kind of good looking, less than 22 years of two girls; both of same ages were seated in last stop. Breeze passing between us was acting like a LOC. I never mind to enjoy the light fragrance of female perfume & I just enjoyed the same. I was questioning & questioning myself about facial and anatomical aspects of both female. Thank god! Seat right to me was empty & another two-seater seat which is opposite me was covered by those two females.

Both were having same colored i.e. white color chudidar (One of my favorite color female dress), same ear rings, same bangles covering till elbow and same necklace. It seems; twin sisters bought those stuffs in wholesale auction. “Thank GOD!” the GOD has made at least slight variation in body structure. Everything was perfect till a ‘bulldozer’ aunt sit next to me. Now, it’s my turn to be sandwiched. Gradually I started sweating due to sudden increase in heat; feeling like sitting on an engine box, my face turned to red. My whole body was squeezed. One of them gave a kind of look, which I would give to a fly in my soup. Now, I could enjoy the beauty with melodious songs. “Awesome “I took my earphone & plugged it to mobile phone (Latest model in market & my very first salary investment)

“What kind of fashion is this?” tough mind was still thinking & eyes were staring at that girl, girl one of them who was wearing “Sun glass!” Winter season’s 7 A.M, early in the morning & girl is wearing cooling black colored glass, seems strange. They were talking to each other and laughing, no wonder if the reason behind all their conversation and laugh is all about me.

To add to the misery, a loud sound of”TTRRRRRAA” was heard when I tried to adjust myself making room for comfort seat & immediately, I saw the two girls look up in daze. “Awesome” I thought. Sound was my trouser ripping & seemed to have ripped a good couple of inches. My cool & narrow stare didn’t make any difference to aunt she kept her eyes closed & again fell asleep lapping on my shoulder which I hate the most. Worst of all, I was wearing brand new white colored “ESSA” under my black trouser! I felt like my butt is on fire, just like dosa in a frying pan.

Tried to revert my attention, once again I put earphone in ears but cool songs are not enough to cool the situation so I removed it & put it back in my bag. Bulldozer aunt grinned, showing yellow tooth & walked out when her stop comes. Meanwhile, I was trying to figure out the reason behind black goggle as she never took off her goggle even to rub her eyes, since her appearance in tam-tam. At last, our stop has come. Oh My God! How to get out of tam-tam? How could I? If I stand up, they could see moon poking head out of the gap, so I decided to sit back on seat to let those beauties log out so that I can move.

“Ladies first, please” I whispered with shy mixed smile.

Once again I thanked God as they decided to step out first. Left to goggle girl who was near to door, took all her & her sister’s stuffs and lifted her top little bit up (Oops! Her legs caught my attention, I couldn’t resist myself from looking towards her legs) & put her left leg on foot board, gave me a sort of look one would give to an old man coming out of “Adult Movie!” theater. Well! I was really not interested in her look; I was interested towards that goggle girl.

Suddenly I remembered something, something came in to my mind & started searching “Finally, here you are my chap” I murmured & took out my Jacket from bag. A deep breath came out of my nostril, a pleasure on face as if I achieved something great. Finally, it’s time for goggle girl to get out of tam-tam. It’s horrible, I was dumb for couple of minutes, and I don’t believe what I saw!

Completely stitched “RIGHT EYE” when she turned right I could see from gap between eye & goggle. I really felt bad & my eyes got wet without my notice. Both kept walking even without turning back.

“Sir, where you are going to get down” heard deep baritone.

I looked at driver “Wait, getting down” I said in low pitch I wonder if he heard it.

I took my Jacket & tied around my trunk & stepped out of tam-tam “Thank you bhaiya” he thrown a smile after saying “keep the change”. I stood their for next couple of minutes, both tam-tam & girls disappeared from road but still that girl was in my mind.

__END__

