00:00 am

We experienced the dark time when the clock hand were pointing at zero hours when my friends and I returned home from a movie. The green headless knight’s ghost was still meandering somewhere in my brain and danced all around on my body.

Technical Malfunctions…

As we pals walked down the silent compound, we realized that the elevator was stuck due to some technical malfunction. Living on the 9th floor of wing B, made us realize how tough it would be to perform a mission which is, in fact, impossible, as we were already tired.

Plan ‘C’

luckily we guys had a plan B, which was often known as plan C, simply because it was more related to Wing C than Wing B. We all agreed to use the working elevator of Wing C, and use the connecting terrace, to reach Wing B. Actually, descending down 1 floor always seems way better than climbing 9 floors. Thus the plan ‘C’ was as easy as a pie.

The Mystery of the Dancing Shadow…

Talking for not more than 2 minutes, we ended up reaching the terrace and gazing at the stars. We decided to move on after spending few minutes of losing ourselves in the beauty of magnificent night sky……….

But abruptly we heard an old rhyme in a kiddish sound, accompanied by the unmatched sound of anklets. It was obvious that the weird-ghastly sound combination would make us feel threatened.

Face 2 Face

we gathered some braveness and walked ahead. The sound went louder with each step of ours. Suddenly we had a view of annoyance and fear. A shadow was dancing and singing the ‘Twinkle Twinkle’ rhyme.

All my pals stood still at their position. It was me who gathered some courage. My shaking feet and pale palms were denying to do so, but I thought that “why to fear?”. And so my adrenaline rush ended up and got converted into my temper.

I pushed my limits. Made my hardcore rock like fists ready……….and bash. I punched in the gloomy face with my hard-core rock like fist.

All it ended up was, in fact, a cry, a cry of some one who sounded familiar.

It was Jay, my friend, a boy with an unstable brain but a kind heart.

My temper ended up in a drastic ending…..

–END–

