Funny Short Story – TRIP OF A VILLAGER

TRIP OF A VILLAGER – Funny Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am Sunny Singh, full name Sunninder Singh and I live in a village of Punjab. I live in a typical villager kind of family, a huge family. This is my bio data. No, not at all, I am not writing my resume here but I thought that it is necessary for you to know who I am.

That day was my birthday. I will tell a bit later that what happened to me on that day but first I should tell you that how we celebrate birthdays in our family. First of all nobody knows that on which day they were born. The only thing we had was estimation that, that one’s birthday falls on that month. Our elders always tell us that on your birthday came flood in our village and on that one’s birthday came earthquake in someone’s village. Sometimes it feels that all the epidemics which fell on our elders were because of us. So the moral of the story is that you yourself have to decide that today is your birthday. Now let’s talk of the party. Our parties menu always remains the same; the birthday boy will get one extra parathas and one more glass of lassi. This is our ‘happy birthday’.

Now, that day’s story. On that day I received a letter from somewhere. This was the first letter in my life on which my name was written so obviously everyone was a bit excited to know what the matter of the letter, especially I. The moment I received the letter, everyone surrounded my room. Some of them trying to peek the letter, especially those who even don’t know to read their name.

After sometime I opened the letter, it was written in English so all peeking stopped because no one in our family was familiar of this heritage of British. That was a pretty long letter. I was reading that letter and everyone’s eyes were on my face. I was smiling while reading and with smile everyone’s eyes were getting widen. Everyone was thinking that ‘Munda has gone mad’. After reading it I touched my mother’s feet and said “Biji, I am going to foreign” and after my last word there was a long silence and then a roar, a roar of laughter and joy. Well I got scholarship to study further from Australia. My brothers crushed me in their hands and lifted me on their shoulders. Soon the news traveled all over. My father announced a big party (yes, the same paratha party) and then started the arrival of relatives. Relatives come in big trucks and gets unloaded at our house.

This party ended on the date of my departure. Laughter ended with the tears, everywhere ladies were crying as if I am going for my last journey, as if this is my end, as if I am going to die after this. After all these emotions I found myself on the airport. I was alone there; no one came to see off me because of the money problem (rent problem). This was the first time I came out of that store room, my study room; I will always miss that room. I was happy because all my dedication came out with great results.

Then the announcer announced of my plane’s arrival. The first thing which amazed me in my whole life was the size of the plane. Wow, that was a stunning moment for me. After that I was on my seat, the beautiful air hostess shown me my seat and also helped me to wear the belt. That was the second stunning moment.

The AC was throwing cool air which made me miss the fresh air of early morning of my village. Truly speaking AC’s air was not cooler than that air. Everywhere around me were silent ‘dead’ people, making no noise, it was feeling as if I was taking a tour of a morgue. Well, if you are a person of Punjab then everywhere out of Punjab you will feel silence, because there is no place in the whole universe where people talks louder than Punjab. Now some time later I sensed butterflies in my stomach. The plane was taking off. I closed my eyes stronger, even stronger till the butterflies are gone. Butterflies were gone but now even bigger problem strikes me. I wanted to go to toilet. Someone told me on airport that whenever you want to ask anything on plane, ask to air hostess. Now that was even bigger problem, how can I ask about toilet to a girl?

I hold my shit tighter, tighter and tightest but that was not enough. I was jumping on my chair here and their when an air hostess came to me and said:

“Sir, any problem?”

I wanted to say no, but I said to myself that if not now then never so I asked her about toilet. She shown me the way and I rushed towards toilet. What a relief that was, oh my god. The amount was enormous. I stood up and then again on my seat. I thought that in starting of my new life I am having so much of problems, what would be later?

__END__

