Sweet Misunderstanding… – Funny Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I think I will order Chana masala”, she said to her friend. “Today I brought just chapati from home…”.

They were sitting in the canteen, at lunch time. And they had got the table after waiting for quite sometime. At 1.30 , they had another biochemistry lecture. Getting no response, She looked up to her friend. But her friend was not in this world! She was lost staring at someone across the table, with her cheeks pink and holding her breath!

Oh, man! just who was it… “whom are you staring at?”

Just then the waiter got glasses of water, and the spell was broken. Her friend turned even more pink and then red and mumbled”nothing, nobody..What are you going to order?”

She turned to look at the spot where her friend ‘s eyes had been. There was a big group of seniors at that table, all boys , just one girl.

“Were you looking at the guy in the white shirt? . He doesn’t look good at all!”

Her friend refused to look up from her tiffin box, leaving her to guess whom she was admiring.

“Is it the guy with cleft on his chin, he is kind of ok, but seems snobbish”.

Her friend did not speak about the episode the whole day , but the same scenario went on repeating for a couple of days.

She said ,”I think “Cleft” thinks I am after him!!”.

Oh my God! her friend exclaimed.

“Its all your fault,”she said.” if you just tell me who is it that you are crazy about, I wouldn”t go about staring at people!”

“oh, you mean staring at “cleft”, her friend giggled. “I am going to do something” she said.

Abruptly she got up and took her lab assignment book and went to their table and said,”Excuse me, I think this belongs to you , my friend found this in the wards” to Cleft. She didn’t wait to see the shocked expression on his face but went out of the canteen quick.

The next day passed without any events…though both of them were waiting for her book to reappear. Her friend was again staring at someone , but Cleft was nowhere to be seen. She was puzzled , because she still didn’t know who had fascinated her friend so much , but in all this , She was confused as well. But ,the day after that , there was the assignment book on their now regular table in the canteen! She quickly opened it expecting something or nothing… but there was a note,

“This is for your sweet misunderstanding”.

She was so perplexed and kind of angry because all this while she thought she had the upper hand. She didn’t have any misunderstanding but it was supposed to be Cleft who had misunderstood! or was it?”

__END__

