“Nothing gives me as much pleasure as travelling. I love getting on trains and boats and planes.”

 – Alan Rickman.

Hmmm……I am Amal… Now  I am going to tell a funny incident that happened in my life remembering the above famous quotes of Alan Rickman.

Me and my friend Nimisha wanted to go for a marriage in Palakkad and there was a single day before us. We thought of many ways to reach there. At last Nimisha came up with an idea of going by train…Ya….Wonderful idea. I did not travel by train before. Again remembering Alen’s line. Now by train…..after that I will be travelling by plane.

Anyways I was so excited and prepared myself to take a train. I told Nimisha for booking the ticket. Nimisha did a sudden investigation about the train timings and trains to Palakkad. She found out the interesting news that our friends from Technopark, Trivandrum were travelling in a train. They had asked to book the same train. This again intensified my excitement. Nimisha booked the ticket for  the same train on the same day.

The dee day came. We reached railway station by 10.30 pm. Time, date and place were correct. We cross checked the tickets in the inquiry.

I held the ticket so closely frightening they will fly off and spoil my travel. We stood near the platform and fixed  eyes on the direction where the train would come. At 12:15 am I heard the buzzing sound of the train. It halted within 5 mins. The passengers rushed towards each bogie.

Intelligently we made way through them and entered the train. When we found out the seats we had booked, we saw two people already owned them. The heartbreaking thing was that both of them were sound asleep. Nimisha  suddenly awoke them and told those were our seats. They suddenly showed their tickets. All my excitement got vaporized into thin air. They too had tickets with similar seat numbers. They again started to sleep.

Nimisha didn’t leave the matter so suddenly. She began to scream like anything. At last our hero Mr. TTR came . She explained our situation and bargained for our seats. He thoroughly inspected the tickets and looked us in suspicion. We smelled something spooky.

He revealed us the truth of our tickets. The train we got in was started at 7pm on 11th from Trivandrum and departed at Kochi at 12:30 am on 12th. But we booked the tickets for the train that arrives on 11th 12:30 am. So we had the last day’s ticket and now we were travelling without tickets. Mr.TTR demanded us to pay the penalty so cruelly. On hearing this Nimisha’s blood started to heat and she said she had no money and was not willing to pay. He last agreed to leave us without paying the money and allowed us to have his seat. We became happy. But the happiness did not last for long time. The dreams of having an enjoyable trip were destroyed by hearing the boastful stories of our TTR. He also said that he gave us the seat upon sympathy. We were really fed up and somehow reached Shornur.

I again remembered the lines…..

“Nothing gives me as pleasure as travelling in Train without Ticket with TTR……”

–END–

