Funny Short Story – Divine luv letter

Photo credit: 

 from 

One lazy morning in class someone teaching something can’t remember. I was looking out through the window as usual…yeah I was a sincere student.

We had a small temple in our campus which was visible from my class…and there he was standing in front of Idol doing ‘Aarti’ with something in his hand…..a closer look its a PaPeR Hmmm ? hall ticket ?exam paper? I pointed out to my friend to look at this boy praying sincerely. My friend said..no that must be some marriage invitation or something like that! We frenz were guessing what it could be and bell rang TriiIiiinG… “Daanku Madam” Survived another hour without sleeping.

Hey its break time…Bunch of students went out, few of us were sitting inside chit-chatting.. Suddenly the same guy whom we saw praying in the temple comes into our class…Isn’t this the same guy? Why is he here?? Who is he?? All eyes on him.

He slowly walks towards this girl sitting in the front row…and keeps a paper on the desk..in front of her.

 The Paper is fully covered in red/yellow kumkum powder, yea this is the paper he was praying at the temple The girl is surprised and yells at him… What is this? Who are u? What you want?

No answer from him.. he is looking down on floor with a smile.. crippling in shyness. The girl is all angry  she gets up from there and starts to walk away….but then in a mild cracking voice he says ” Hey…. please do take that (pointing at the paper)”

Bell rang TrRring….break is over. That guy looks at the girl with a smile and runs out of our class…

He is gone, the girl is upset. Why Me.. God??? But we all are excited to check out the Divine Love Letter

 With high hopes we opened up the and read it out loud ***

My Dear Aarathy,

I like u much. U beautiful eyes, smile all nice. I dream u always.

 Today I pray God for us. Please accept me friendship.

 I do everything for u. We always together, don’t angry give me 1 chance to prove.

♡ your

 Sashi

LOL that was fun!!!

__END__

