Funny Short Story – Seated!!!

Funny Short Story – Seated!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

In Kolkata though there would be various and more means of transport than in other cities of India, Kolkata Buses would almost be crowded most of the times. More than this, people though would avail bus to save some bucks, but just after getting on the bus, would start complaining about the inside surroundings like “Too much crowded”, ” Have no space to stand”, “Too hot inside” etc. etc. They would in no time would come down to such a non co-operating and non adjusting mood that his own relative if had been there in the same bus would had felt tough to recognise his very nature, than at home. So basically based on these thoughts only is my next story presented here.

Once Swapnil got on to a bus. He saw just one seat was empty, but was having very little space in there for him to fit in. So without another thinking he rushed and grabbed the seat, but only managed to slightly touch his buttocks on the seat. At first he thought he would be able to manage the whole way to his destination, but as the bus travelled, it was really becoming impossible for him to resist the pressure and was just slipping out from the seat.

Unable to tolerate more, he requested the person sitting to his right to shift a bit to his right. To that the person just shouted at him and replied that before approaching to him, Swapnil could have had first told the same to the person sitting at his left. Just as then Swapnil looked to the person sitting at his left, the person just pointing, made it clear, that neither for him, was it possible to shift left anymore.

Then Swapnil, may be of his exceeding tolerance, got hold of a trick.. He started coughing badly covering his mouth and pretended as if he could not retain the saliva in his mouth. He quickly pretended to spit on his two hands and then rubbed the same on his right and left trouser covering his right and left side of his two thighs. Immediately the two persons at his side shifted to avoid touching Swapnil’s trousers, and Swapnil could fit in properly.

__END__

