Funny Short Story – THE INTERVIEW

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

 

Chandra is university gold medalist and he has cent per cent hope of getting this job. He is simple looking calm guy and he has been called first for the interview.

The interviewing officer is stout and lazy like person. He looked like sleeping every minute. He looked in to Chandra’s testimonials and certificates. He thought, he must ask him very tough questions.

“Do you know when the ruling party will collapse?”

“Nobody knows, including me.”

“Tell me, how many legs a tiger has.”

“Two in the society and four in the jungle”

“Do you know what the elephants do?”

Chandra looked at him who looks like an elephant.

“They can interview if they enter the society.”

Interviewing officer has no reaction. Because he is not hearing what the candidate is saying.

“Okay. I like your answers. You are SELECTED..”

*****

Karma is an average student and he has no hope of getting this job. He is careless looking very arrogant guy and he has been called last for the interview.

The interviewing officer is lean and alert like person. He looked like alerting himself every minute. He looked in to Karma’s testimonials and certificates. He thought, he must ask him very simple questions.

“Do you know when we have independence?”

“Independence, I don’t know what it means. Ask me very simple questions sir.”

“Okay, tell me, how many legs a cat has.”

“Three. Our cat lost one leg in a fight with the cat of our neighbor.”

“I see. Do you know what the meaning of karma, your name?”

Karma looked puzzled at him who also looked him like saying it is 

* to interview him.

“Karma, see, you did not answer me.” Officer repeated.

“I don’t know interview will be so tough. My parents did not tell me what karma means”

Interviewing officer has no reaction.

“Okay, tell me what I have to ask you.”

Because he is not much happy with the answers of the candidate.

 “Ask me anything about latest films and heroine names”

“I am sorry boy, I have no film knowledge.”

Now Karma started asking questions.

“Don’t you know the name Amitabh Bachchan.”

“Of course, I do.”

“He is a super star,”

“Who is Hema Malini?”

“I don’t have any friend with that name.”

“No Sir. She is a popular artist and heroine.”

“I see. What next?’

“I want to become a hero. But my parents insist me on joining this company.”

“Who is your father?”

“He is Promodh Niranjan. Secretary to XXXXX”

The interviewing officer remembered the name said by the proprietor of the company.

He looked at karma as if asking him that has the interview finished.

“That’s it sir. May I go?” asked karma.

The officer said immediately

“I like your answers. You are SELECTED.”

“Thank you sir, I am happy you are satisfied with my answers.”

“Okay my boy. Meet the manager and take your appointment order. I will call him and ask him to get ready in half an hour.”

Karma came out. And no other candidate is interviewed. It is announced that the interview will take place soon on some other day.

***

Kamini is a brilliant university student and she has cent per cent hope of getting this job. She is simple looking calm girl and she has been called first for the interview.

The interviewing officer is smart, brilliant and honest like person. He looked like creeping on the candidate’s body every minute. He looked in to Kamini’s testimonials and certificates. He thought, he must ask her nothing, but one question, do you like me?

“Sir, You are not asking me anything. I have prepared all the night for the interview.”

The officer looked like not hearing what she says, he is looking at her lips moving

“Do you know sir that you have to ask me questions?”

“Yeah, I know, I am thinking what to ask.” The officer said.

“Don’t hesitate sir, You can ask me anything sir. I am well prepared, you know.”

“Tell me, what is your name?.”

“Sir, you have my name, before you, in the panel.”

“I know, I want to check if it is right or wrong.”

Kamini looked at him who looks like hungry animal. Finally he said.

“what animal you like?”

“I like birds and animals. I often go to zoo. I like tiger, elephant and ants too.”

“I see, tell me which animal or living being you like more.”

Kamini thought for a while. She is not sure why this question is put to her.

“Tiger is ferocious. I don’t want to be a tiger. Elephant eats much and grows body. I am not in this kind. Ants work hard and careful about future. So I like to be Ant.”

“Ant… Really?” The officer jumped as if he was thrown in to the basket of roses.

“Yes Sir. What wonder is there in this?”

Kamini looked at the officer who is so much excited.

She does not know that ants can not resist powerful creatures, what the officer knows well.

“I like your answers. You are… SELECTED”

Interviewing officer has no more questions.

He is not in doubt that she will not disobey him as her secretary.

__END__

