Dear therapist,

Thank you for your discernment and free insights every time. For that each time when you say that relying on makeup indiscreetly talks about withered self-esteem and insecurities. Every time, when you recommend to go out without wearing makeup for a day and see how it feels.

Well, I think it is time to have a look at your prescription, all over again.

Makeup. I love using it and I use it just because I love using it, in spite of the fact, that though, as a society we have come a long way in terms of opening up of our mindset and also makeup has been around for ages, painted faces are still judged for using it. I cannot deny, the act of using make up can be cost prohibitive and can fan our sense of vanity. That, make up, can be a luxury, often made to procure by persistent marketing strategies often played by ruthless advertisements.

However, in today’s scenario, which often talks about women independence and indulgence she should get in unabashedly, I think using make up can speak a lot about her affluence (her prerogative to pamper herself).

So, if we go under the skin on many such issues there are underlying nuances that come to the fore.

Well, leaving it on that note, as I start penning down… these are some often heard musings, some times overheard.

“Skin damage nahin hoti, roz make up karne se.”

 “Itna time mil jata hai subah subah?, followed by their pious ‘I don’t get time for these things!’

 “Natural looks ki baat hi kuch aur hoti hai!”

 “You look pretty without make up”, well that’s my father, usually. :)

 And, lately someone was like ” You can’t be a feminist, if you use make up so often”.

 And, best is that when someone says main toh sirf marriages main hi lagati hoon make up.”, much to my surprise – marriages! like really! I am not a grammar nerd, but, I think that saying just wedding would have suffice. Ha!

So, today, here I am like,

…2-3 minutes it takes to apply make up and I never found the skill of time management difficult, especially in the morning.

…try good herbals goods, (well, market is flooded with those now), why will you suffer with a damaged skin. In fact if you will worry what others do, you will definitely have one.

…To Papa, and few more, :) I appreciate the compliment, no one can ever find me more beautiful than you do, but I don’t put on make up thinking that I am hideous.

…And, you see the irony is that most of times I get to hear this natural thing by someone who likes the idea of getting under the knife for cosmetic surgeries. And, who knows if they ever went through one.

… I don’t like to be framed as a feminist, but Google suggests that being feminist doesn’t stop you from doing things which you like, definitely not wait for someone else wedding.

So, dear therapist, it is a CHOICE. Putting on makeup. Same as the choice to decide what to wear and what to eat. Stop objectification of a women. We don’t put on make up to be a eye candy.

Thanks again,

 A make up aficionado.

~~~~~

P.S.

Read these somewhere, found apt for here :)

…Never to go astray

 Leaving behind the path as black as coal

 Memorized has that path, my black eyeliner

 It is its favourite path to trail.

~ Anonymous

–END–

