Funny Short Story – Painter and the Dog

Photo credit: 

 from 

Muller was a painter. He wants to paint a dog. But he is afraid of dogs.

He contacted a man by name Max who arranges dogs for shooting.

“Do you have a dog?”

“Yes sir. I have more than one. I supply dogs for shooting.”

“Okay, do you have a very polite dog?”

“What do you mean by polite sir?”

“I mean to say that it is good and have respect to elders like me.”

“I have a dog like that sir. It is very polite and it likes good people.”

“What do you mean by good people?”

“I mean to say that he likes people who give him good food.”

“What is good food for your dog?”

“Just some bones”

“All right”

“It will be afraid of lights, so you have to give him some food while lights are on.”

“I want your dog for a painting. It has to sit for a while without moving.”

“For that, you have to hang a bone on its head. It will be looking at the bone, while you can paint your picture. My dog is very polite when it is given its favorite food, If not it will be angry like a wild beast.”

Muller did not mind that.

“No problem, I will give its favorite food.” Miller said.

The set for painting is arranged properly. The dog is sitting in a chair. A bone is hanging on its head with the help of a stick. David is the old man who is holding the stick to which the bone is hanging.

The dog is seriously looking at the bone hanging on its head.

Muller was busy working on the painting. The dog is looking at the bone. Time passed.

The dog was unhappy for the bone is not given for him in time.

The result was very bad.

David and Muller were attacked by the dog.

When they are in the hospital, the owner of the dog Max came there.

“You lied that your dog is polite. But it was not. I am old. David is old. But he did not show his politeness.” Muller complained.

“Sir, you have forgotten one secret I told you about my dog?”

“What is that?”

“I told you that my dog is very polite when it is given its favorite food, If not it will be angry like a wild beast.”

“Of course, what is our mistake?”

“You have kept his food hanging on his head for a long time. He was angry for he could not get his food in time, so naturally he behaved like a beast, or else he is very polite sir.” Max said and gone, not waiting for Muller’s reply.

_END_

