Short Story Funny – Auntyji

Photo credit: 

 from 

A 50 year old Auntyji is all lost and confused with the modern world. All she knows is a daughter in law is ruled and a daughter is pampered! Will Auntyji, ever face reality?

 

“Rama, you there”

“O Rama, you busy”

“Open the door dear”

“I think you in the bathroom”

“Hope you are ok”

“Should I come later”

“Do you need help”

“Atleast pick your phone”

 

Before poor Rama can walk(or fly) up to the door, auntyji has already made a story full of suspense and thrill of Rama’s whereabouts.

This is an everyday affair. By the time Rama comes down to open the door, Auntyji is sailing high with her non stop questions.

“It takes atleast 30 seconds to a minute to leave your work and come over to open the door”? Is it that difficult a theory.

Anyway, today’s topic of discussion, better say Auntyji’s one sided conversation was ” Marriage”

She has a son, who works in IT, stays in a metropolitan, earns in 7 figures, is 6 ft tall and hence is an eligible bachelor of the town. Atleast that is what Auntyji thinks.

“I am fed up of these everyday proposals for Amrish. Piles of photographs and biodatas but not even a single good match. I have told panditji clearly. We are not greedy people. So dowry is not even a topic worth discussing. All I want is a fair and slim girl atleast 5″6′ tall. Now, considering my son’s qualification, she should atleast be a masters in some subject. She should be comfortable staying here with me for some months in a year and then I can accompany them in Bangalore. She should be able to gel well with the huge relatives clan that I have.No dowry, but we don’t mind the parents giving whatever they want to, and marriage to be held in a 5 star with great pomp and show. That is it”!

Rama can imagine poor pandit chaturvedi staring her in the eyes like “being a Pandit is not just about aarti and bhoj”

“Auntyji, have you checked with Amrish what is his view on an ideal wife?” Rama questioned with a little skepticism.

Auntyji looked at her stunned and appalled. “Are you gone mad? Why will Amrish have a say on his marriage. We have raised him, given him good education, he is what he is because of us. The least he can do is spending the rest of his life with a girl of our choice” Auntyji didn’t say all this but the looks said it all.

Rama did not want to challenge a boy’s mother or say an eligible bachelor’s creator. So she found listening and nodding when needed, the best way to handle the crazy conversation.

” Anyway, everything happens at the right time. God will take care of my dilemma. I have to go now. Roopa must be trying on my cell phone. Her mother in law bothers her a lot. She expects Roopa to be at home all the time looking after her sister who drops in any time. The couple never get privacy as they are all the time accompanied by his mother. Can you believe she asked her to lose some weight? And Pratap says nothing. Shouldn’t he support his wife? who is his mother to decide? ” Auntyji walked off.

Rama was ridiculed by the double faced theory Auntyji displayed in 10 minutes. She didn’t even want to imagine the consequences of Amrish bringing the girl of his choice home in Amir khan style. But somewhere deep down, she wished for a little adventure in Auntyji’s life :)

