Hilarious Short Story – 10 Hours Stay and 12 Hours Journey

Hilarious Short Story – 10 Hours Stay and 12 Hours Journey

Definitely many would have wondered whether it is possible for a person to stay in a airport for a long time after seeing Terminal movie. The truth is its possible because i faced the situation like that in a railway station.

Now i am going to Narrate my “Terminal Story”.

It all began on Friday-30 December..no no no…a week before Friday when i booked noon ticket for 30 December…no no no….it finally began on 2 months before when i actually booked WL night ticket for 30 December after getting my offer call..so i have booked two tickets (WL & CN).

Now it is Friday, the day every working people will be waiting  from Monday.  Since i am from a IT concern, i love this day as i can wear casuals and office will be colorful (literally). So it was a good start for the bad day. I reached office at 7am as i expected it was colorful. Since it was the final working day of the year and also the salary day, every one was happy and in a party mood. I entered my cabin and had chit chats, then our lead came, he gave some work and bla blaa…….Me and my friends were eagerly waited for the break as only during break we can see every girl (good looking).

Break came we went for canteen, as-usual one of my friend started following his angel and another guy for a cindrella, at-last leaving me with my plates (not the first time). After eating and scanning entered the biz skill session, we had some biz skit. Again computers, coding, chatting and chatting, it was going good until stream lead appeared.

she came scolded, questioned, scolded and went. ( I always had one thing in mind, a question to leads “will you study Electric circuits, ES, Fluid mechanics, robotics in a week” because they will just give few seconds to learn for a week work and they will keep on telling “guys you should not say you are from other branches, all are same here” really a irritating one)

So at-last my date with computers came to an end at 1.45pm. Good part of bad day is over.

Train at 3.25, so 1.40 minutes more. So i started from office without food, went 2 home packed my bags and reached local train station in rain. God started his plays from there, the train was late. After waiting for 20 minutes i got the train for central station, its 2.55 pm now (25 mins to reach Central).

At 3.20 i reached the pen ultimate station and had a hope that i will reach if i run, but the story ended differently. At 3.5 i was middle of my pen ultimate and ultimate stations, the train was stopped because of signal. So train stopped but my troubles and prayers started.

At-last i reached at 3.28 and my train was going in-front of my eyes ( since it is not a movie, i didn’t like a hero to catch the train from long distance).

My next train is at 11.45 and luckily tickets are confirmed (only luck in the story). Now it started to rain heavily so i have to stay at station for reminder of my time, so went to eat roamed for buying snacks and books but the clock was not moving.

 It was 5.30, i got a chair and settled. Since it is a weekend huge rush, everyone is walking, running, shouting, sleeping, playing and even some romances held. I did only 4 things……Seeing the clock…..seeing my left side….my right side…..and my front….As it was huge rush, if you lose a seat you will never get back so i didn’t getup until 9 for dinner. In between that i had few neighbors with me. North Indian family with many luggage sat near me and asked something in Hindi, i managed him with “kya”…”kitna”…”nagi”…”paani”..”bajaa”…..and few others until he gave a big sentence.

After that a romantic couple came and did …Me poor guy just turned the face to the other-side like ignoring them.

Then a young married girl came with her 3 yr old son. She spoke with me for sometime, played with her kid and once her train came she went.

Like this i had many.

In between i also had few crush on girls (universally).

Ya universally because I was seeing two Tamil girls, one Malayali, 1 Telugu, 1 North Indian and also 1 foreigner. All 6 were good..with mesmerizing eyes…cute smile…fair and tall…bla bla……(we can’t end if we start to tell about the girls) also my age group…so somewhat time went but i got a big shock at 10pm.

God’s ultimate play. My 11.45 train will arrive only at 1. (LED displayed)

Fact of life ” When we are late train will definitely go, we are too early train won’t come at time”. What to do?

Got frustrated and roamed around the station until i got a seat. Again same job but with anger and boredom.

After 30 minutes. Train will arrive at 1.15 pm.

At 12pm, Train will arrive at 1.30pm. At this time no anger, no frustration, no boredom because i faced all to an extent. But little sleepy and i was damn that i should not sleep because it will be a free hit to god if i sleep, God will definitely make me to sleep sound until the train goes.

At last train came and waited for 15 minutes. I started my sleep after 2am with the hope that my troubles are over. But it started again at 7am, train stopped somewhere for 30 minutes. ( many small stops in between. At 10 for 20 minutes somewhere.

And last stop for 30 minutes near Salem. ( all because of signal and rain). So at-last reached station at 12 with breakfast and without brushing.

Once i reached, i had a great feeling. Really it was great experience, learned many things in this long journey. (Mixed feelings). But my miseries didn’t stop there, while going to home some accident happened so reached little late.

That the End. You know 1 thing, i am returning on next day at this time. Unforgettable new year.

__END__

