Hilarious Story – Nokia and Apple

Photo credit: 

 from 

After many years I started using the public transport again for my travel to work. No it was no sudden realisation of the harm I have been doing to the environment… it was sheer economics, which perhaps why is more than half my co- cattle class travellers may agree that makes them go through the grind too!

Six hours of travel every day was nothing more than a bore with absolutely nothing to do. I tried catching up on my abandoned reading habits, hoping to catch up on something more than the daily news reading, which had become a “toilet habit”! I discovered with the cacophony that went around, it was just next to impossible to really read anything that may need some concentration. Enlightenment! I always used to wonder why most people who plugged in their earphones to enjoy music were so morose… They are not music enthusiasts they just were shutting their ears from the cacophony!

Call it “Gyan” “Bodhi” or whatever else you may…the decision to join them and I discovered the cacophony was no sheer noise it was the voice of knowledge! There was always somebody who knew about the inside story of everything and that made interesting listening. All you got to do is just throw in your bait a topic from “today’s news-paper” (You just have to know what the headlines said!) And there you are your three hours of entertainments! The plots, twists and turns that cannot be imagined in the biggest of Bollywood hits.

Ideas- which can help us lead the world. Solutions- which can help Obama keep the ISIS at bay or the other way round if you want.

There are rules though… never ask for the source of information, because it will indeed put you informer into trouble… Imagine asking someone who was privy to the conversations that happened between Jayalalithaa and Modi before she sent Sasikala and gang packing out of her Poes garden residence. (Yes, it was on the advice of Modi that she threw them out and none other than my good friend knew it!) Or asking this guy who knows a friend of a scientist in Germany who discovered that Ebola can never harm the population in India because the simple ingredients that go into the popular Sambar is a an anti- Ebola medicine that the Germans are now trying to patent- how he knew it. So never question the information just listen! (Imagine having to pay patent rights to make Sambar at home… I am starting a “free sambaar” campaign against Germany!)

When everybody thinks Chennai is never going to recover from economic and social impacts of the closure of Chennai’s Nokia plant… Mr. Arivuswamy has this simple solution… “Why closure? Can’t the Government take it over? If they can have Amma Canteens, Amma water,Amma salts, Amma medicines, Amma laptops (for school kids), why not Amma Phones … to make “J” phone…”! Apple watch-out! And if you need an idea to beat your competition take a train from Chennai to Gummidipoondi!

__END__

