Hilarious Social Story – THE COMMENTS

Photo credit: 

 from 

Some comments of confused readers on some disputed stories started like this:

Reader:

 I love your story. But I don’t love your idea. You told that your rabbit has only three legs. I did not see any rabbit with three legs. It is entirely misleading the people to make them think that rabbits have 3 legs or crows are white. You may dare to say that milk is black that you buy in your milk both. Who gave you this right to write whatever rubbish you like to write as a writer? People here are not fools to believe whatever you say. Stop writing such things and say sorry for what you have written.

Reader:

 When I say about your rabbit, why you touch my eyes. It is too much. My eyes are working well and I don’t need any doctor to get my perfect eyes checked up. I believe that your pen or writing style is defective. Get your mind checked by some good doctor and till you are fit to write, don’t attempt to write anything. Or else people like me will be mad reading your writings and we will have to move you to the courts for proper punishment.

Reader:

 I am happy that you came out of your boundary to say me fool. This will help me to book you under any crime. I am not seriously thinking to book a case on you till now, but now I am serious and I found you stupid. You are idiot.

N.B: This way of comments made them very close and reader will not spare the writer to keep quiet, Reader will be saying something and this writer will be saying something. In this way, this goes on.

One day, the writer is busy writing something.  A person in a full suit came to his house. The house is big and the writer is rich. He has his own big businesses in the city and he is writing for his fun.

The person in the suit said that he is a reader and he likes his comments.

“Comments?…  I am a writer and I write stories. I never write comments. One who writes comments is called a reader. Don’t you know this simple thing sir?” writer asked with annoyance.

“Sir, I am the reader who pointed out about the three legs of your rabbit story. Did you forget? You have given the comments as the answers to my comments.”

Writer looked at him with some dissatisfaction.

“Yes, I remember those comments. How can I forget? After those comments, my stories are had more readers, you know?” Writer looked the reader with some peculiar feeling of pride.

“I know that sir. I am a lawyer by profession. I want to bring the readers diverted towards your stories, so I have started the comments in that way. I am not a fool to waste my time for without no result. I wanted some change in the readers and I brought by these comments.” The reader said.

“Wow, so all this is your preplanned lawyer mind that started the story with the comments, wonderful… May I know why you have taken this decision?” Writer asked.

“Sir, you don’t know that your wife and my wife are good friends by their e-mails. They planned this and my wife asked me to do this.”

Writer’s wife brought coffee for the reader.

“What he says is right. His wife is also coming in one hour. We are all having dinner in our house.” Writer’s wife said.

Now writer is wondering at all this as reader is sipping his hot coffee.

__END__

