Short Hilarious Story – The ‘Suicide’ Facebook Update

Photo credit: 

 from 

Poppat Lal’s Facebook addition was at an extreme level as he updated his status one last time before taking the plunge into the jaws of death. Life had not been fair to Poppat.

Three years back, he had managed to get admission in one of the best engineering colleges in Jaipur, and the future looked bright. But the ongoing curriculum of Electrical branch seemed frightening as the days went by. He realized from the third semester itself that it’s going to be quite an uphill task. No matter how hard he tried, failure kept welcoming him. He kept on flunking in few exams every semester. In one of the laboratory exams, his nervousness had almost electrocuted him. Backlogs kept on increasing until one day, the college authorities decided it was time for the stern action.

Poppat was informed that his parents, residing in Bikaner, would be required to meet the college Dean personally, and they would be apprised of their son’s abysmal performance. That night he had an unusual dream. ‘

.’ He woke up startled in the middle of the night with his face smeared in sweat. It felt now as though he was living with a time bomb, waiting to explode. And one fine day, he bunked his classes and decided to take the ultimate step.

So, there he was, all ready with the Suicide apparatus- ceiling fan, a rope that could handle 65 Kgs, a chair that would support life as long as Poppat wished to, and last but not the least, a very depressed soul. He remembered the character of Raju Rastogi from ‘

and pondered, ‘

It was 2 minutes since he last updated his status. He was warming up for the suicide action. But, somehow, he had an urge to check his last FB notifications. Knocking on the doors of death, it felt good to see the concern of so many friends. But reality was harshly different.

23 intelligent friends had liked his FB status

. And then followed the comments. ‘

’, ‘

’, ‘

’ ’

’ . He could not read further. Perhaps, with friends like these, ending his life was a wise decision. He was never put off by FB than this very moment.

With renewed determination, he got ready to kick the chair and experience the pain of death. And boom… another notification beep. He cursed himself for not switching off his phone. Technology was not even allowing him to die in peace. This time it was a chat head from FB messenger with the name Tanya Seth.

“

.”

With ceiling fan still reflecting death on his face, Poppat messaged-“

 ”

Tanya- “

.”

But her number did not appear for a while. The mobile network played havoc with Poppat’s emotions just at the right time. He could think of nothing else but to cry for God’s help.

, Poppat called out to the ceiling fan above him, as though the popular Hindu god, famous for 16,100 girlfriends, was hiding somewhere behind the fan listening to his miseries.  ‘

Voila! 3G network had sprung back to action.

‘

Thanking Lord Krishna, he dialed Tanya’s number. She picked immediately, and gave him a shot of verbal abuses. Then, taking a deep breath, she continued, ‘

? 

’

Poppat- ‘

’

Tanya- ‘

So, I just avoided talking to you.

He once again cursed his father for naming him ‘

’. In spite of his repeated requests to change the name, his father was adamant. The holy name was given by the family’s spiritual guru, Swami Champak Maharaj.

Tanya-‘

All of a sudden, there was a 1000 watt smile on his face. He was so happy, that he kicked his life support, the chair and dropped his mobile. Ironically, this was what he had been wanting to do five minutes back. ‘

, Poppat shouted with whatever energy was left in him, as the rope started tightening against his neck. Poor Tanya, on the other end of the phone, had no clue what made Poppat shout for help on being asked if he was still single. ‘

’, she thought.

But he was in for some luck, as Sandeep, one of the students in the next room of the hostel floor, heard him. With the help of a couple of guys, he broke open the door. ‘

With their help, Poppat came down gasping for breath.

Regaining his composure, he picked up his mobile and sprang out of his room. He had to clear the air of misunderstanding with his new found precious ‘

’ friend, or probably, future girlfriend.

They say, ‘

’. Those places could be suicide points as well.

–END–

