Mujhe Bar Khana Mana hai..Hilarious!

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was when I’d dug myself so deep into Jolly LLB, movie that had its world TV premier on last Sunday, I happened to view this strange and hilarious (for its mindless script) TV commercial.

Let’s see how this ad film commences, crawls and concludes at something hilarious, unintentionally by the makers (though most of people would not feel the same.)

The ad starts with a scene of dining table where a child, his father, and Ram Kapoor – the protagonist in the ad film, are all set to dine. Though it is difficult to detect if Ram Kapoor is the boss or some relative, he must be an influential one as evident from the hospitality he enjoys.

Now the Twist in the Tale.

Just when the lady-in-the-house (pick anyone from one of the daily soaps) is about to serve something into Ram’s plate, he announces, “

.” Since the word “ba..ar” is deliberately pronounced in such a manner that sounds more like “bahar” meaning outside (Kudos to the creative director! Who the hell writes this?)

To this our ideal “

replies in such a vulnerable voice that could make even a blackbuck feel secure about his existence, “

”.

Now it is time for our protagonist to preach lessons on hygiene. He takes out his black hankerchief (the colour of hankerchief was well thought of) from his pocket, brushes it on the plate, and shows the same to the poor family who are so embarrassed to see the blue marks of dish bar on it. Adding more to the embarrassment of family he pitifully said, “

”.

The family – husband, wife and child – all sported a miserable look as if they are caught stealing a dish bar in a 

 shop.

Here comes the hilarious part…

Ram, who was appearing to be an influential person in the beginning, suddenly turns into a salesman (finally something to cheer about for Hussain, who’s been cleaning toilet seats with Harpic since ages all across India ) and brings a “Vim Gel” out of nowhere and starts preaching its benefits in a way that can give goose bumps to even 

, 

, 

 etc. from that age-old Nirma detergent powder TV commercial ad.

Come on ad makers. Apply some logic at least sometimes!

__END__

