Short Story Funny – Unforeseen Destination

Ten minutes were left for the departure of the train. I was there, standing in front of the bookshop, and bargaining the rate with the bookseller. I tried to convince him to my price, but he was adamant. The time was running out. I offered him his price and grabbed my book. The time was already 4.58 PM and I swiftly reached Platform number 5. There, I saw a bunch of people standing right before the A/C compartment blocking the way. I got into the crowd to find out what was happening. It was the railway minister who boarded the compartment adjacent to mine. The time was 5.30 PM and the train departed from the station. My excitement doubled as I was going to meet my brother after two long years.

I made myself comfortable in my seat and started reading the book. The book was interesting such that it had my utmost attention. I didn’t even notice my ringing mobile until the person who sat beside me notified me. The person who sat opposite to me was a lady, who was in her mid twenties. She had a charming face, which I kept staring for almost twenty seconds. She took the mobile in her hand and gave it to me. I nodded and looked at the screen. It was my brother.

On hearing this, I then checked out the call logs. He was right. 6 missed calls in ten minutes. I might have really pissed him off.

‘Arey yaar! I got totally involved in this book and my mobile was kept in silent mode.’

‘No. It started half an hour late. I guess it was due to the minister’s arrival.’

‘Arey, leave it yaar. I guess this train will arrive on time at Kadapa. Just track the train status in website and let me know. I am inside A/c coach and I would not be able to see the stations. So I leave it to you. Just inform me when the train crosses Renigunta and there on update me the status.’

‘Bye.’

After I hung up the phone, my concentration towards the book started to decrease. I felt like I needed some sleep since I haven’t slept properly for the past one week. At that time, the girl who sat opposite to me started a conversation.

‘Hi. I am Archana.’ The lady introduced herself. She shook my hand and greeted with a cute smile.

‘Hello Ms. Archana. I am Arjun. Glad to meet you.’

‘Glad to meet you Arjun. So, what do you do?’

‘I’m a software engineer. What about you Archana?’

‘I am doing my final year medicine in Chennai. ‘

My mobile phone vibrated. It was a text message from my brother stating that the train left Arakkonam and was heading towards Renigunta.

‘What is that book in your hand? I’ve been watching you read that with much interest.’ She asked.

‘Ah! Yes. It is Sidney Sheldon. You might have known him. I love his books and whenever I start reading them, I get over-involved.’

‘Aha!’

‘Excuse me. I will be back.’ I got up and walked to the door.

I came back to my place and settled down with my book. She kept staring at the book.

‘How many pages did you complete?’ Archana asked.

‘80. Hey, do you like reading books?’

‘I don’t read novels.’

‘Well, that’s okay. So, how is your life at medical college?’

‘Ah! It’s just awesome. I’m leaving soon to United States to pursue my Masters in medicine. I’ve got the admission too.’

‘That’s fantastic. All the best.’

‘Thank you.’

Later, I went to the upper berth and took a short nap. After some time the train started to slow down. The clock showed 8.00 PM. I guessed that I would have reached Renigunta. I got down from the berth and opened my food packets. I completed my dinner before the train started to move. My cell vibrated again. It was the message from my brother stating that the train was on right time to Kadapa. I was excited again. ‘Just two more hours to go’, I thought. I kept those food wrappers in a plastic cover so that I can throw them out while getting down. I was back with my book.

Time flew just like that. After completing 102 pages, the clock showed 10.05 PM. It was almost the time to reach Kadapa. I dialed to my brother.

‘Brother, where are you?’

I hung up the phone. I waited for ten more minutes and the clock showed 10.15 PM. I took my bag and reached the door. The doors at the both sides were closed and I had a confusion regarding which side I’ve to alight. I got a call.

‘Ok brother. No issues. I think this train may take a little more time. I cannot find any lights visible at this moment.’

I hung up the phone to save the balance amount for future calls. I looked outside the door to see if any lights were visible. To my surprise, there was a sign of station at a long distance. I dialed his number.

‘Hey I think I’m nearing Kadapa. I can see the lights at the station.’

‘Oh! Yeah! I am very excited brother. See you in few minutes.’

The lights started to become bright as the train got close to the station. Excitement increased in me as I was going to see my brother after a long time. My cell phone rang as the train neared the station.

‘The train just entered the station. The station looks empty. Where are you?’

My heart beat stopped for a second. I was not able to find out what was happening with me. The train did not stop at the station. It moved faster and faster.

‘Brother, the train is moving faster.’

‘I am confused. Wait a moment.’

I turned back and saw a vendor sitting next to the door. I asked him

He gave a monstrous look at me and replied, 

.

‘Oh my god’ was the phrase that ran through my mind at that instance. I put my head out and saw the board written Kacheguda-Chennai Egmore-Kakinada. Both the trains had a similar name board. It was my mistake. I got into the wrong train. At Chennai, Kacheguda express departed at 5 PM and Circar express departed at 5.30 PM. The doubt did not rise in me when the train started at 5.30 PM from Chennai.

My brother was still on the line.

‘I got into the wrong train brother. I am sorry.’

As I was talking, a voice was constantly annoying me from the behind – 

 I got irritated and turned back to see who it was. I was shocked to see my mom, holding the tea cup in her hand, on that train. My mobile slipped down from my hand. I bent down to pick it up but lost my grip and fell off from the train. I got a heavy jolt on my head that woke me up once. I opened my eyes and rubbed it slowly. I was sleeping in my bedroom and my mom was standing before me, holding a cup of tea in her hand.

‘Phew!’ I sighed. It was all a dream. It was all a stupid and weird dream.

-End-

