Funny Short Story – Tell me why

Photo credit: 

 from 

I love her. She is very beautiful. She is very smart. She likes me. But she put a condition. My success of love is under condition. I have a doubt, will my conditional love be successful or unsuccessful.

“Okay. Tell me. What is the condition?”

“I tell you one story, a very simple story.”

 “Okay.”

“I will ask you just one question at the end.”

“Okay.”

“If you tell me correct answer, I will marry you. If your answer is wrong, your love will be a failure and you have to forget me.”

“Okay. Tell me the story.”

She started her story like this.

“There are five frogs in a well. Two frogs are girls and three frogs are boys.”

“Just five frogs in a well and no more?”

“There may be more frogs. For our story, only these five frogs are important. Don’t show more sharpness. Just show all your sharpness in my question.”

“Okay.”

She continued her story with her sweet smile.

“Life is not a secure bond. It can come to an end any time.”

“Of course, you are right.”

“As you have accepted, one day the life of the two boy frogs has come to end.”

“You mean to say that the two boy frogs are dead at a time?”

“Yes, the two boys are dead, keeping the three girls in love disappointed and unhappy.”

“Why are they dead?”

“I don’t know.”

“Can you think what may be the reason?”

“Don’t try to make me ‘not-so-smart’ or ‘not-smart-enough’ by confusing and putting unnecessary questions.”

“When you think smart, you have to tell me two reasons for the death of only two boys”

“Reason one-the boys are deep in love with the three girls and one is happy thinking that all the three girls selected him as would be husband of them, so he drank too much whiskey on that day and dead.”

“Okay, reasonable. Tell me the reason for the second boy’s death.”

“It is also very simple. He also thought that all the three girls selected him as the husband. He is a bit advanced by seeing marrying all the three girls and their torturers as each one liked one characteristic in him and he failed to do so. One asks him to honeymoon on the moon and the other asks him to take into the bottom of pacific for honeymoon, Third girl is more ambitious, she wants him to take her to the heavens for honey moon. Like this, the tortures are more, so the two unsafe boys committed suicide.”

“Okay. I agree that you are smart in knowing the reason of the death of two boys. What next?”

“Okay, after the death of the two boys, what is the change in the well?”

“The change…? The water of the well will be increased!” I said.

She is wonder struck.

“Vow… You are right.”

“Really,”

“Yes, now… tell me why?”

“You know why, all the three girls are weeping day and night in the well. So the tears are adding the water and the well and it is increasing.”

“Vow… you are as smart as me. I accept to marry with you.”

I happen to read her diary where I read about these frogs and her deduction of increasing water in the well. It made me successful in winning her to my side to marry without any problem.

Okay you may think how I got the access of her diary so easily. I tell you one secret. She always hides her diary in my old diaries thinking that it is the secret place where I cannot access her diaries. Or who knows, she likes me to read her mind before she examines me! She is my girl friend dating with me and living in my room.

ROOM… Do you know what a room without real room is? Yes, it is Mushroom!!!

 _END_

