Short Story Funny – BHAIYA ZARA MAYONNAISE THIK SE DAALNA…

BHAIYA ZARA MAYONNAISE THIK SE DAALNA…- Short Story Funny

Me being in a hopelessly lazy mood at times when I wake up so I dint make my lunch and went to office. After a lot of naatak(confusion) whether to order at office or to go out for lunch, I finally called up a friend from the office next to mine to ask if she could come out for lunch and to my good luck she also dint get her lunch! (like minded people bond well very fast I tell u!!!)

So we headed to Pheonix mills (a shopping mall at lower parel, Mumbai) to have lunch. It was my choice to eat at Mac Donalds and we went in right away. I was unaware of the Mac lunch meals etc but was pleasantly surprised  so both me and my friend Mansi ordered for 1 MAC VEGGI MEAL each. The eating part was yummmmm of course and I wont go into it because almost every young boy or girl knows the taste and why we all are for crazy for it. The interesting part comes later when I walked out of Mac to order a TAKE AWAY meal for a collegue.

There was not much queue in the Take Away section now as compared to the number waiting while we entered Mac D. There was just one female standing before me and I thought-

“thank god, it will get over quick!” (because I was already out of office for above an hour and wanted to hurry back). But fate was going in a different.

The lady standing ahead of might be in her 40’s and probably new to Mac D culture. She ordered 1 Mac veggi burger large meal with coke without ice which she repeated herself for 3 times and 2 Mac veggie burgers alag se (separately or I guess she meant just the burgers) and 1 paneer wrap. All of this she repeated thrice each.

Then she asked the guy at the counter to repeat the order and then crossed checked each of it again. Now comes the high light-

“BHAIYA MAYONAISE THIK SE DAALNA!!!”

What????

Think u dint read it properly?

No u read it absolutely correct!!!

She said Bhaiya mayonnaise thik se daalna to a order guy at Mac D. Your not wrong even the guy taking the order misunderstood and so did we all who were standing at the queue there where 4 people behind me and of course my friend Mansi who was waiting for me.  The Mac D order guy tried confirming by saying “extra mayonnaise, right”

The lady said –yes

MacD guy – mam tat wud cost extra 30.

Lady – (on phone- extra 30 rupees bol raha hai!) yes all this repeating 3 times was bcoz she was taking the order herself from some one at the phone.

I suppose the person at the other end might have denied paying extra 30 bucks as the lady just humbly replied-

“Nai bhaiya extra nai sirf aap jo normal mayonnaise daalte ho na who hi thik se daal na!”

All this while my patience was at test as I was already in a hurry to reach back office to be made to go through all these drama. All of us were making fun of the lady in amongst ourselves even I was looking at Mansi and giving funny looks. Finally she was gone and I placed my order. But after all of this got over a thought struck me.

She was just a person who was new to this culture or probably a mom taking a parcel for her kids who are probably like me and u who like Mac D. I don’t know whom was she taking the parcel for but then everything has a 1

 time for every person. I remember how I fumbled in my school days due to lack of confidence to speak to a teacher in English even though that’s probably the language that I was learning everyday for almost 10 years. So HATS OFF to all those people who try getting into a new culture or try learning new things even at an age of 40 or 50.

After all life is a continuous learning process right!

__END__

