Suspense Short Story – DON’T BE SCARED!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 10 at night and heavily raining outside. Anna called her mother Samantha. She picked the phone.

Samantha (mother ): hello

 Anna: mamma , when are you coming?

 Samantha :just half an hour darling

 Anna: ok mamma bye

 Samantha : bye beta

Anna was a 12 year daughter of Samantha and John. John was out of city then.

Anna went to her room,sat on the bed and switched on the TV.suddenly the door bells.She thought her mother came.She ran from her room and open the door.But she was surprised no one was there.She shocked.

Anna:who was there??? Who knocked at the door???

She left from there and went to the kitchen. Open the refrigerator and prepared Maggie. She was not hungry but She loves Maggie and eat it anytime.

Anna went to her room taking her plate full of Maggie. When she was going to upstairs to her room someone knocks the door.She opened the door but no one was there.Now she was scared.She ran to the room and switched on the light.Put the Maggie on the table.And trying to call her mother. But network was so poor. So she was unable to call her.

Anna took her Maggie from the table and started eating. But her mind was not there.She desperately want to know about the person who was at the door.Finished her food and tried to sleep. Suddenly phone rings.She picked it.

Stranger :I’m coming

Anna: Who are you?And what are you talking about?

Stranger : I’m coming. Please open the door.

Anna: Who the hell are you?Why are you not telling me your name?

Phone disconnected.

 Anna was so scared. She switched off the phone. And decided to go to the downstairs and see who is on the door.She took a knife from the kitchen for her security. When she was close to the door, bell rings.

Anna: Who is there?

No one replied. Anna asked again.

Anna: Tell me otherwise I will call the police.

No one replied. She was going to her room, suddenly replied came.

Stranger : Baby, please open the door.

She thought to try to call her mother. So switched on the phone and called mother. Ring goes.But she don’t picked the phone. She became more nervous now.What to do now.She prayed to God.

Please God, be with me.I’m very scared now. I don’t know who is he but he is harassing me.I’m very scared. Please I need your help.Amen!

Silence everywhere.

After half an hour, the bell rings again. But she don’t want to go downstairs to open the door.Bell rings again. Two, three, four times.

Anna thought she have to do something now.Sit silently is not the solution of every problem. So she decided to go to open the door.She took the knife and slowly slowly went to the door.When she came close to it bell rangs and someone said” open the door beta”.

Anna was so happy then because this was her mother’s voice.She opened the door and hugged her tightly. She was crying like anything.

Samantha (mother ): what happened beta?why are you crying? I have a surprise for you.Wait a minute dear.

Her mother told someone’s to come inside her home.Anna saw a man there.Father told:”Why are you not opening the door. I knocked many times.”

Anna was totally shocked surprised that it was her father who was knocking at the door.She said,” I asked many times who are you but you don’t replied? ”

Her father told,” It was heavily raining outside.And I can’t stand here.That’s why I knocked the door and ran to my car.”

Then Anna realized that he was really his father who knocked the door.She was so happy that everything is okay.But little bit upset also because she don’t recognized her father’s voice.

__END__

