Stars in the sky – Short Story Kids : Conversation between father and daughter about dead

Short Story for Children and Family – Stars in the sky

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a conversation between a father and his sweet little daughter.  The inspiration to write this came from a few questions that my daughter had asked me a few days ago. I have included those questions from my daughter in the conversation below along with a fictitious account that forms the major part. I thought about describing the expressions and emotions of the father and daughter during the conversation, but later decided to have just the conversation and see if I can convey my thoughts through the dialogue between the 2 characters. Hope you all will like it. Please do not hesitate to provide critical comments.

D: Daughter

F: Father

***

F: Yes, they could have. They would have loved a beautiful girl like you as their granddaughter.

F: Sorry, I don’t want to. It is a sad incident and I don’t like to talk to you about the same incident again and again.

F: Yes

F: Ha…Ha…Ha…may be they are.

F: Well, we don’t specifically know which star is who, but we all know that our loved ones who are not with us anymore are up there as stars in the sky watching us.

F: Why do you ask that? By the way, you should say ‘after people are dead’ not ‘after people become dead’.

F: I do remember that. No. Dead people do not stay at hospital. I really don’t like to talk to you about this. Why don’t you go and play something or watch TV? Or let us talk about something else.

F: You will know more about it as you grow up.

F: Yes. As you will grow up to be a beautiful young woman, I would start to get old.

F: Yes

F: Why is that?

F: I just now told you to not talk about death. Didn’t I?

F: Ok then. Let us not talk about it please. Let me continue to book these online tickets for the observatory. I promised to take your brother there next week.

F: Observatory.

F: It’s a place where they have big telescopes. You can watch the stars and planets closer than they are.

F: You can. But, I am not sure if you will like it. After a few more years – may be when you are 10 like your brother, it might make more sense for you to go there.

F: Yes.

F: Oh God! Not again. I told you to not talk about it.

F: Well it’s not exactly dead people. Let us say that there are other types of stars too that are not exactly dead people.

F: Where do you get these thoughts from? Don’t think about it too much.

F: Ah…OK! So that’s where the idea about dead animals becoming stars is coming from. You know what? Let’s go to the park for a walk.

 

F: I know. Now, let me ask you something. What is the farthest thing that you see from here?

F: Not the sky. Just look around you. Not up in the sky.

F: Do you know what is behind them?

F: Do you believe there is something behind them?

F: Can you imagine what could be behind those buildings?

F: Give it a try. Just come up with something.

F: I don’t know either. I have to imagine that there is something. But the point is that you believe there is something. Don’t you?

F: There are many such hidden places that we cannot see and go to. But we believe that such places are there. And sometimes dead people go to such places. We cannot see them but we can imagine them to be in one such hidden place. Only dead people can go to such places and we cannot go there.

F: I know. But you must understand and believe that there are really far places that you cannot go to in a car, plane or a train.

F: Yes. That’s correct.

F: You won’t need a phone to talk to them. But when you grow up, you will know how to talk to them. And you will know how to hear what they would say.

F: Ha…Ha…Ha…you won’t need any device to talk to them. You will know when you grow up. You might even be able to see them with closed eyes.

F: What!!! Why do you say that?

F: Ha…Ha…Ha…OK…OK.

F: Now, why is that?

F: Oh…God…not the stars again. Let us get your bicycle and helmet from the car. Would you like to ride around the pond?

__

