Short Story – Catchy Days

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

My name is Alexandra Lopez , I wanted to tell you about my life , my story. It all started with me being in the 4

 grade  until now. I was new to school , thought my whole life is over , but a special friend made me change all these years. My best friend, Ryan came up to me, and asked me,“ Come, I want to show you something.” So he made me try out for basketball. I thought it would be too  hard , and very boring , but that day everything changed….

I knew from that day, I wasn’t the same person I was before, but in my life there’s always problems.  I was in the 8

 grade, when I became new person. Every day, I got bullied from how I look, and how I speak. But finally , 1 day I stood up for myself , and the people who were getting bullied.

But when I came to high school , I wanted to become famous with my best friend. So I made an YouTube account , and I started to make covers about some songs. That day, I only got 5 views, but then Jade told me he told everyone to check out my videos, so the next day , I got about 1,50000000 million views in my videos.

Than 1 person from YouTube , made me famous! Now my dream came true, and that person from YouTube is  my bodyguard. Movie producers wanted me for their movies, and I made my own , new song called , “Love Song” So I decided to be in a new show , called ,”Jessie”  My life was anew when I got famous, no one was bullying me , and I was a changed person.

“I missed Alexandra, she is so amazing , but I feel she forgot about me , but I remember what she had  told me , an life lesson we all should know , she told me present is a gift, whatever you do now, won’t come back in the future” said Ryan. So I put all my busy schedules aside, and invite all my friends for a hangout.  I made new friends on the set , their names were Laila Ebrahim , and Theresa Jones, they became my best friend , I mean no one would’ve replaced them.

My 16

 Birthday was coming , and I wanted this day to be the greatest of all birthdays. All these years , I made $500 just for my sweet 16 party. That day when I woke up , I was in a happy mood , and got ready for school.  1 more thing I forgot , I made a wish list what I wanted, and I thought I would get all these stuff today. “ Today’s going to be magical!” I said to myself.

As usual my annoying brother , Sean just barged into my room, for no absolute reason. “Hello.. don’t you ever knock ??!” I said to Sean. Sean was just sitting in my chair , and playing his “fake” guitar. While he was playing his fake guitar he dropped all my jewellery, and my money. So I kicked him out , and I told myself , “ This is a bad start for my b-day!”

I went to the bathroom , did my hair, when I came to my room again , I saw wasps, huge wasps. I ran fast as I could , so everyone in my house got out. The woman told us that the wasps could stay for 6 weeks. I was yelling in place , and I told my parents , “ Where am I going to have my sweet 16 party!??” So than I saw my enemy ,  Jasmine got a new car, and then Sean went to her car and drove to school.

I was still wearing PJ’S , and I told my dad , that I have my gym clothes in my locker at school , so then the woman made a contact with the wasps, and the wasps  came into the cars, and then my dad said, “ Sorry pumpkin , no can do.”

So I had to drive on a b-bbb-bb-bb- bus , so than I saw Ryan , and he said , “Sorry about your house , Alex.”

I said , “ How did you know ??”

Well um.. Jasmine texted to everyone in  the whole school. So as the day went by I  got all of my  wishes by a woman name Mashell , but there was just 2 problems.. “1 problem was that my parents kick me out of their house , and buy a new house just for me because they think today I am 21 years old, but I’m 16!and the second problem is that I wished something , but it was not my real wish. I wished that I can be treated as an adult . but the candles that Mashell gave to me , made it different, the wish made me an adult instead of being treated as one.

So Mashell wonderly disappear , and I was home alone thinking what should I do , so an idea came up to my head, I took of my some wish , and wished that ” I wish everything was back to normal.”

So everything was back to normal, and tonight is my sweet 16 party, everyone came but I was trying to find Ryan because I wanted to apologize that I forgot him all these years , so Sean bought a real guitar , and for some reason he was good! So there it was.. a slow dance , so Ryan told me to dance with him , so I said yes!

We were dancing slow , so we kissed!….

I’m glad I don’t have that life where I’m just an ordinary girl , I like the new me , but always remember present is a gift.

__END__

