Friendship Should Be Causeless – Short Story of a Miser for Kids with Moral Lesson

Friendship Should Be Causeless: Short Story for Children with Moral Lesson

Photo credit: 

 from 

Fantu was a very hopeless guy. He wont do any work the whole day except sitting at a tea shop and that too idle and glaring at trees and customers. It would be wrong to say that he dint have money but actually he was somewhat a miser with his dad’s money to waste them for a cup of tea. His miserly nature reached such level that now he would suddenly be present at Mr. Gupta’s door and would say,

“Hey Gupta ji, how are you doing, came to have some chat with you..Hope you are not busy?”

Now who would in turn say he’s busy..But his actual intention was something else. He would go and be present during tea hours or lunch or dinner even so that he would also be offered to have and he would take the opportunity. So such was his trick. His only hobby was to make friends as much as possible so that he could change his friend of chatting every time very easily. No one was able to say no to him.

Once Mr. Swapnil came new to that locality for some job. He took one room for rent where he would be going to stay alone and cook also. Coming to know about this, Fantu was almost the first person to make friendship with Swapnil. But the other people in absence of Fantu warned Swapnil. Then Swapnil thought of playing one trick.

As usual the first day Fantu came to Swapnil’s room, Swapnil told, “Oho Fantu, come come, have a sit…One moment I was about to have some tea..I guess you wont mind even to have some. I would quickly go to kitchen and come back.”

Fantu thought,”O!! my tricks are improving day by day..What a timing it was that Swapnil never knew that I came for the cup of tea only!!!”

Swapnil went to the kitchen and add some sugar in his cup of tea. Then he took one small piece of paper and poured in it some sugar which he crushed into powder and kept from beforehand. Then he called Fantu to come and stand at the kitchen door, so that they can chat till the tea is prepared. Swapnil was keeping a watch and was ready with the piece of paper with powdered sugar in his hand. As Fantu came to the kitchen door, Swapnil pretented as if he was not knowing that Fantu was there, poured the powdered sugar in Fantu’s cup of tea, and then coughing acted as if nothing has happened, started stirring the tea with the spoon.

Seeing this Fantu was horrified with the thought that, that might be poison, but not very sure couldn’t blame Swapnil..He knew it would be of no use dragging this and telling also to other people in the locality, as everyone is irritated by this nature of his and would be against him. Then whatever he gets from others also would be stopped..No use fighting for the only one getting stopped. He thought that it would be smart to not to take any risk…

Fantu smiled and told, “O! see I just remember of one work and I need to move out immediately.”

Swapnil said, “Are you sure? it would take hardly 5 minutes to have this tea I believe…”

“Still some other day”, telling Fantu rushed out of his room, and never came back again though stayed good friend of Swapnil.

__

