Family Short Story – Repent

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Dad I want a new cycle, Alan has it he comes to school on it daily, I don’t know I want a new cycle please dad please” Smith was literally pleading his father and was asking him to buy him a new cycle.

“My son you know that my earnings are not too much and I am a lower middle class man and we hardly can eat these days so how can you expect to get a new cycle?” replied Smith’s dad.

“I don’t know I don’t want to hear anything I just want a new cycle that’s it” When Smith was not even ready to listen to his dad his dad got furious and he slapped him and went outside the house.

Iker(smith’s dad) was a sweeper in a school and his salary was so less that he was not even able to feed his children and bring them up properly. In these circumstances it was like an impossible task for him to buy a new cycle for his son Smith.

Two days had passed by and Smith was annoyed with his dad, he had not spoken a single word with his dad for two days now. Iker realized that his son was annoyed and was not talking to him so he decided to finish off the differences and break the shackles so he decided to go and talk to his son. He went in Smith’s room at night and said

“I am sorry my little son, you know that how much I love you, it’s just that I don’t have that much money to buy you a new cycle”.

Smith replied “Dad talk to the authorities of the school to give you a loan, and pay them afterwards, and yes I want a new cycle tomorrow”.

His dad agreed to it and told him that he will ask for loan tomorrow. Iker knew that he had only promised this just to calm his son Smith down, deep inside he knew that the authorities of the school would never ever grant him any loan, but still he had a little hope in his heart that if he asks the principle of the school to give the loan and if he tell him the hole story then the principle might agree on giving him the loan.

Next day he went to the school and went in the office of the principle with a little hope in his heart and the fear of refusal he started talking “Sir I want some money as a loan”.

“I cannot grant you any loan you know that I just hate beggars and I hate to grant loans to my employees, it’s better that you leave my office right now” the principle of the school yelled at Iker.

“yes sir” Iker started walking outside the office with his head down and his face drowned in his self respect. The last hope of getting the loan was over now, it was finished, Iker knew that he would not be able to buy a cycle for his son Smith now and when he will tell this to his son he will get very sad and will never talk to him again.

On the other hand Smith was spending his day in a very happy manner. He knew that his father will buy him a new cycle today after getting loan from his boss. He didn’t even get to know how quickly time passed by and his school bell rang. He was free now. He started walking back to his home dreaming about his new cycle.

Iker was still at his school, cleaning the floor. Suddenly he saw a chaos outside the school he saw that a man was sitting in the car and few people were chasing him. He went outside and asked them the reason that why they are trying to get the man out of the car? They told him that he is a thief and he has snatched someone’s valet and he also caused an accident and hit a child on the road who was wounded so bad that he died. Iker immediately sat on his bike and started chasing that man, he chased him for like 20 minutes and finally caught him and took him to the nearest police station.

The thief literally begged Iker that if he would leave him he would give all the money to Iker if he lets him go. At first Iker did not agree to it but after sometime he thought that if he gets this money he will be able to buy a new cycle for his son Smith. After thinking a lot Iker unwillingly agreed to take the bribe only for his son. Iker asked that person to give him 600 dollars which were enough to buy a cycle. After taking the money Iker went to the cycle shop and chose a very beautiful cycle for his son Smith. He started walking back  his home, he was very happy that he had bought this cycle “Now my son will be really happy” said Iker to himself and kept walking back.

When he entered his house he was shell shocked to see the scenes in front of the eyes, he could not believe what he was looking at. People were crying and were shouting. Iker went inside and he went in a state of shock, the dead body of his son Smith was lying in front of his eyes. He sat down in grieve and asked someone that what happened? He was then told that some car driver who had done a robbery was driving so fast that he hit Smith and smith was badly wounded, he was taken to hospital but he could not resist the wounds and he died there. Iker cried and shouted in agony as he had realised that Smith was hit by the same man who gave him bribe but now Iker had no other option other then to 

for the rest of his life….

__END__

