Gur Cheater – Funny Short Story for Children

Gur Cheater – Funny Short Story for Kids

In winter we Bengalis have a custom of preparing a wonderful sweet dish called “Pithha”. Now this could be made out of sugar as well, but since Gur of this time is famous, very delicious and tasty as well, we prefer to make the Pithha mostly of Gur only, rather than sugar. There are a lot of varieties of Gur though, which all tastes beautiful, but the one “Nolen Gur” is the best. All these so called 

, are again made mostly of Nolen Gur.

So similarly one day in winter season, Swapnil thought of having some Pithhas. So he went to the market to buy some Nolen Gur. These are basically sold out in solid round shaped pieces. Approaching to one Gur seller he asked, “How much is five hundred gms of Gur?”

To that the seller replied, “Ten rupees.”

Giving one ten rupee note to the seller, Swapnil was about to bend down and choose one good Gur piece weighing five hundred gms when the seller stopped him and said, “Wait!!! Please pay the money before you touch the Gur.”

Swapnil was a bit astonished and said, “So what did I do just few seconds back? I did pay you ten rupees, as you told five hundred gms cost ten rupees.”

The seller said, “Yes I indeed have told you the price, but you didn’t pay yet. Try to recollect. You are mistaking.”

Swapnil quickly understood that, he is trying to play some trick with him. He said, “Fine take out all the money you have. I would show you which one I paid. I would call one member of our panchayat also to be the witness.”

“How would you recognise which one you paid, I have so many ten rupee notes? Don’t say you remember the number on the note, huh!!!”

“No I of course don’t, but that note has signature indeed!!!”

“Huh!!! you signed on that note, did you? My Goodness!!! You have no other work or what? Let me see which one of these,” telling, the seller quickly took out all the money he had, in fear.

Swapnil quickly snatched away one ten rupee note from the bunch the seller took out and was going away, when the seller asked, “Hey, show me your signature you did on that note”

The man said, “You could see that on any one of those you still have. Signature of governor. I never had said that the note has mine!!!”

__

