Kids Short Story – The Bus Driver

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was a bus driver assigned to take a bunch of unruly children on a trip. The bus driver waited as all the children boarded this bus and announced that they were all going on a trip to the park.

The unruly children all laughed and screamed at the driver, “Oh brother, we don’t want to go to no park”, “We don’t have to do anything you say”.

The bus driver waited until everyone took their seats including one parent that looked on feeling sorry for the bus driver. The bus driver sat in his seat, adjusted his cap and placed the bus into gear. During this trip, the children all laughed and screamed in defiance, they were not listening nor doing anything they didn’t want to do.

The bus driver was saddened by the children’s behavior, but carried on. The parent on the bus looked on in dismay at the lack of discipline of these children, but kept silent during the trip. The trip was long and finally, the bus came to a stop. Through the view of the bus windows, there was a beautiful meadow filled with trees, roving hills and mountains.

Amazingly, through a pasture of grass and under a beautiful blue sky, there appeared children at a distance and the sound of laughter of joy and delight, these children were playing on swings, a merry-go-round and a roller-coaster, playing games and having so much fun. The bus driver opened the bus doors and all the unruly children on the bus ran off to join in the fun.

Finally, the bus driver walked off the bus and along with the parent in close pursuit, they stopped in the middle of the park and the parent , whom was quiet during the trip, spoke and asked the bus driver,” Why would you bring such unruly children to such a beautiful place”?

The bus driver pointed out the very children that were unruly and had such distain and contempt for this event, were all smiling and were having the time of their lives and the bus driver replied, “I’m the bus driver”.

?…………………………….

The moral of the story is no matter the adversity, ridicule and taunting, the bus driver knew that the children were all going in the same direction as he, they were all going to stop where he decided to stop and all would arrive at the same destination, you see, he was driving the bus!

__END__

By  K. Noel Watkins

