Short Story for Children with a Moral Lesson: The Swan and the Blue Lotus

Kids Short Story with a Moral Lesson: The Swan and the Blue Lotus

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a bright and sunny day, as bright as it could be, with the puffy white clouds floating merrily in the cobalt-blue sky. The snake-like brook gurgled and jumped over rocks and stones, sticks and bricks. Its dark green water sparkled in the sunlight, like thousand diamonds afloat. The trees around had planned and adorned themselves with bright coloured, fragrant flowers. The birds chirped incessantly, sharing their stories of faraway lands. The shiny green grass danced to the mild tunes of the soft breeze. All in all, it was a scene out of a picture post card.

From the bend of the brook, out came gliding a beautiful white swan. His white feathers shimmered like silver in the golden glow of the sun. With his noiseless and dainty moves, he seemed to be oblivious to the beauty around him.

“Why are you alone today?”

“We have heard that swans always swim in pairs, where is your partner?”

A bunch of inquisitive daffodils inquired They were a vain bunch of flowers. Each morning they would admire their beauty in the reflections in the brook.

“I have left my wife with the kids today, I needed some time off for myself”, the swan replied in a morose tone, as he glided away.

There were fine lines of thought on the swans forehead. Usually he was the playful kind. The enthusiast among all his friends, the merry-maker. But today he was not himself.

His best friend, the Blue Lotus, summoned him, slightly worried.

“What’s the matter, my friend? Why do I see a curtain of gloom drawn across your countenance?”

“I have been thinking all night, my dear Blue Lotus, thinking about the meaning of my existence”.

“Why am I not like the swallow, who can fly to distant lands, discover the unknown, have a life of adventure. Or why am I not like the silver fishes, who can dive deep down and explore the kingdom under water?”

“I have been a swan for too long now. An epitome of grace and beauty, my life is confined within the boundaries of this small forest. I don’t see any reason why swans should even exist”.

The Blue Lotus let out a deep sigh.

“That’s how Mother Nature wants us to be”, the Blue Lotus spoke.

“She has an untold story for each of us. An untold story that each of us unfurl as each new day dawns”.

“Look at me, I am static in the middle of the water, yet I never complain. Each of us are important in our own small way. The way I signify purity and the swallow signifies speed, you my dear, signify grace. Self-contentment makes your journey on earth worthwhile.”

“Food for thought indeed”, the swan bid a good bye to the blue lotus as he swam on.

His life suddenly seemed to play as a feature film in front of his eyes. The days in the farm where he was born, grey and ugly. He had five brothers and sisters, all beautiful golden yellow. Among taunts and scorns, he grew up, till he decided to run away from the farm. That’s when he came to this forest. He was no more an ugly duckling, but grew up to be a handsome white swan. Other male swans were envious of his looks, while the females swarmed around him, eager to get into a courtship with him! And then one day he met his Lady, fell in love, got married and now has six little kids!

This was the story of his life, the story that had been painted and told aloud. What lies ahead is what we all live for. An unknown story, an unknown future. The swan smiled. He was contented with what he heard from Blue Lotus. He did learn a very important lesson in life today. Each one of us also have an untold story – its called the story of LIFE.

***

Author’s note – The swans past refers to Ugly Duckling by Hans Christian Anderson.

