Kids Short Story with Moral – In His Arms : Naaz.

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ali was a little 5 year old boy, with big eyes and a lovely smile, he lived in a village near Jaisalmer, He was an innocent soul who liked to question nature, his young mind was fond of birds, he used to think they were the luckiest creatures God created,

” they could somersault in the blue sky that spread, they could jump on the cushioned clouds”;  he thought.

Until one day he went to the village fair, he strolled for a long time, took rides, ate food till he was full, on his way back he stopped near one stall, where an old man had placed birds in cage for selling purpose.

Kaka! , he said, the old man turned to Ali,

Ali continued, Why don’t you let them free in air, their colour of feather would add more beauty than all those kites that are flying above & all the candies that are being sold  here..?

Old man, was pleased to see his innocence, he summoned; Little baba, the bars that hold them, fetch us a secured life, They don’t have to worry for food or water or fear an animal attack, in return they help me survive in this old age.

But kaka, this one here, he pointed to a pigeon, seems so sad.. 

, Ali had spoken some wise words, whose depth even he couldn’t fathom..”

He began walking away from there with a sad face,

Old man spoke Baba, this little one is your’s, maybe you can put a smile on his face But dear, it can’t fly, its wing has been broken..,take care of him, it will free my soul from guilt of having him caged since so long..

Ali didn’t know what to reply because he didn’t understand the meaning of his words, but he took the bird & returned home.

The bird was a white feathered pigeon, with sky blue eyes,” Maybe he got his eye as he was sent from sky above, Ali thought.”

He named his new companion, Naaz.

Naaz moved in the courtyard, as Ali fed him with grains, it cooed in return. Naaz however used to look at the sky at evening time when the birds flew back towards their home, but the walls of courtyard & her broken wing held her in chains..

Ali’s heart was immensely sad, he had freed the old man from his guilt, but was now a part of Naaz’s plight who brought blessings to his home, as richness fled in, rather than holding grudge like humans..

Ali couldn’t sleep whole night, he knelt & prayed with tears in his eyes..

He had a vision.. & he followed doing what he had seen,

He placed Naaz on his shoulders, & wherever he went , she would be there in his arm. This was his way of letting her discover the world, where he was Naaz’s wing, astonishingly in the world that was her new sky.

 

 

__END__

