Children Short Story – Laira Story – Sushmita kidnapped!!

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Sushmita or “Sushi” as her friends called her,was the daughter of Rakesh Verma, a lawyer by profession. Rakesh was in the midst of a “very tough” case and after 6 sessions, it was thought that the final verdict would come after the 7th. Rakesh was working on the double, trying to hunt for evidence and to track down people involved in victimizing his client Arvind Kamath. Rakesh’s efforts had paid off and he had come across some “solid” evidence against the “culprits” who also had hired a famous lawyer to defend them and had successfully evaded all the charges on them thus far.

Rakesh to Arvind: Arvind, you can relax now. I have them cornered completely with my latest find. The “proof” I have this time is “audio-visual” and the truth is there for all to see and hear. You WILL be a free man I assure you.

Arvind Kamath who had undergone enough harrassment from the culprits and the prolonged court sessions was still not able to smile. He looked tired and exhausted. He only lamented “O God, I wish this was over soon.”

The next session was 3 days later, on September 6th, and Rakesh made his “preparation” well thinking of all angles that needed to be tackled in the case. Finally he felt very confident that he WOULD win the case for Arvind.

In the evening, as Rakesh was about to leave Arvind’s house, he got a call on his mobile. It was his wife Shalini who seemed to be very anxious.

Shalini to Rakesh: Rakesh, Sushi is not back from school yet. Did you get any phone call from her?

Rakesh: No Shalu, I think it is more than 3 hours now since her school got over and she SHOULD have been back home. Please check with Encorage teachers and principal and tell me. (Encorage was the school in Norta that Sushmita went to. She was an eighth standard girl who was a friend and classmate of Laira).

Shalini: Rakesh. THAT was the first thing I did… and nobody seems to know. They said all children left for home as usual. I checked with some of her friends too. They all said she came out of school with them. Only one other girl has not reached home too and that is Laira. The Duvalls are equally worried as to what happened to the 2 girls.

Rakesh: I think we should wait for sometime and see if they return. Maybe they have gone to buy something. But if past 6 o’clock they do not come back, I think we will have to go to the police.

Shalini: (Crying). I hope no harm comes to them.

Rakesh: Let us not think negative. Be brave. We must face the situation with courage. I am cutting off now.

Rakesh cut of the phone and started thinking. As he turned to step out of the door, there was another call on his mobile and a gruff voice spoke.

The Voice: Rakesh, we have got your girl Sushmita with us. We know you have the “evidence DVD” with you. If you do not hand it over to us before September 5th, you will not see your daughter again. Hear your daughter speak now.

Rakesh heard his daughter’s scared voice “Papa, Papa… I am very much afraid.. these.. ”

The phone was snatched away from her and the voice said “that is all I will let you hear from her. Our man will meet you at your house. As a signal, you can tie a yellow cloth to your front window. Any funny business of arranging my man to be caught by police, your girl dies… and for your information the man who is sent to you knows nothing about us except that he has to collect it and destroy the DVD. Our DVD cannot be copied in case you get any such ideas. So hand it over and your girl will be set free soon after the final verdict.” The phone got cut off.

Rakesh’s face had gone white. He told Arvind and asked him not to tell anyone. Arvind nodded and said he felt sorry for Rakesh and his daughter.

***

 Let us recap what had happened earlier on in the day …

Sushmita, like all her classmates, after school, stepped out of the school premises at 4 pm. She now parted with her close friend Gayatri who said bye and went the opposite way. Sushmita now saw a man approaching her. He came to her, smiled, and asked “Are you Rakesh Verma’s daughter? (she nodded to convey yes). I am his office colleague. He has sent me to fetch you home since some guests have come and your papa said to me “bring Sushmita home soon Tiwari. If she comes by bus, she will be late.”

Sushmita was intelligent. She did not immediately believe him. She said “Mr. Tiwari, you are a stranger to me. I cannot believe you.”

The man immediately said “yes this is what I told Rakesh. So he gave me this photo of his to show you, so that you can be assured.”

Sushmita saw the photo of her dad and then gave in. She thought her papa MUST indeed have sent this person. They WERE expecting guests and probably they had arrived. Thinking so, she said “Okay, I will go with you. Thank you.” The man bowed to her and she went with him to the waiting Swift (name of car).

Laira who was also out of the school premises, was walking along with Richa and Priya. She thought she heard someone call her and turned to look behind. She saw no one. However, she did see Sushmita going to the Swift (car) with a man, instead of her going to the bus stand as usual to catch a bus home. Laira’s instincts suddenly alerted her. Something was wrong she thought. She immediately made up her mind. Luckily for her, Mrs. Thatcher (teacher) drove out of the school premises in her car and suddenly braked seeing Laira waving to her. Laira came to her running and said “Mrs. Thatcher, please follow that Swift (car) which is about to leave. I saw Sushmita, my classmate, get in with that stranger and I want to make sure Sushi is safe.”

Mrs. Thatcher did not need to be asked twice. She immediately said “Hop in Lirry, we WILL do as you say and find out.”

So, unknown to the “Swift” driver, Mrs. Thatcher and Laira were carefully following him. As the car moved, 10 minutes later, Sushmita realized she was tricked and kidnapped. She was tied and gagged by 2 thugs sitting behind in the car. The driver got a call from “the Voice” his boss, and it was then that “the boss” had called Raskesh. After about 30 minutes, the driver (swerved to the left entering a bylane and soon stopped near a “green-painted house.”

Mrs. Thatcher and Laira waited on the main road and watched from a distance. It was 6 pm now. The back door of the “Swift” opened and Sushi was dragged out. She was gagged and could not even scream. Two evil-looking muscled thugs lifted her and carried her inside the house. They turned back and nodded to the “driver of Swift” who started talking on his mobile now maybe informing his boss that the job was done and Sushi had been kidnapped and reached to the decided place safely. Having made the call, the driver drove off and Green House was engulfed in silence. It was getting dark and lights were being put on in many houses. Laira’s suspicion proved to be right. Sushmita was tricked by the stranger and kidnapped.

Laira and Mrs. Thatcher waited in the car their heart beating fast. Unfortunately, neither of them had a mobile phone with them that day. If they moved from there, they might miss something, or get caught themselves. So they decided to stay put and observe for some more time.

As it neared 7 pm, the door of the “Green House” opened and out came those same 2 thugs. They came out and bolted the door from outside. One was telling the other “the restaurant is just round the bend. No need to lock the door. We have tied her tightly enough. Nobody is out here that will know. So just bolt from outside and come. We will have something to eat and return back and then have some fun with the girl. She is pretty isn’t she. Hahaha.” And they went together chatting over to the other side to eat at Shilpa Bar and Restaurant.

Mrs. Thatcher and Laira saw them. Wow!!! what a piece of luck, they thought, and then soon swung into action without wasting time. Very cautiously they moved towards Green House by foot.

Mrs. Thatcher to Laira: “Lirry, just stand behind that big tree and make a noise to alert me if anyone comes by. I will go in alone just in case anybody else is there inside.”

Laira hid behind the big tree and kept watch. Mrs. Thatcher was trembling as she opened the bolt and pushed the door in. There was no sound. She went inside and looked. Suddenly she heard a muffled sound coming from a room. She opened the bolt from outside and looked in that room to see poor Sushi tied up tightly and gagged, not able to open her mouth at all. Mrs. Thatcher removed the gag from Sushmita’s mouth and asked her to keep quiet and not speak anything now. She soon ran to the kitchen place and luckily found a blade lying there. She came back and started working on cutting the rope. It seemed to take a long time and she was sweating. Finally Mrs. Thatcher cut the ropes and freed Sushmita.

She said “come soon Sushi. We can talk later. I have my car at the end of the road and we have to make it to the car before the thugs come back”.

Both came out now, and Mrs. Thatcher bolted the front door just as it was earlier and signalled to Laira. All three of them were very soon in Mrs. Thatcher’s car driving directly to Sushmita’s house at more than average speed.

Meanwhile, at Rakesh’s house, the police had been informed finally and now Rakesh, his wife, and his relatives and few police men in plain clothes sat there talking in their drawing room. Rakesh’s wife was crying bitterly. It was just past 8 o’clock.

The two thugs were enjoying their drink and grub at Shilpa Bar and chatting merrily. It seemed like they had forgotten all about their gagged victim. One thug’s mobile rang loudly and he picked up and said “yes boss.” The Voice said “Hope you have the girl safe with you. Feed her and take good care of her.. and be warned. You do any dirty play with her, you will both be killed horribly.”

The thug shrugged “Yes boss. She is quite safe in Green House. Nothing to worry. We will do no harm to her.”

The Voice switched off. The thugs looked at the clock “it was 8:15 pm. They got up to go now. They were not in any hurry, for they thought they had nothing to worry.

Now “the Voice” called Rakesh. Rakesh picked up his phone.

Voice: Tomorrow a man with an orange shirt will come at noon and you hand over the DVD to him okay?

Rakesh: I thought you said he will come today evening.

Voice: HAHAHA… fooled you just in case you got ideas and tried to trick me. Tomorrow I WANT it okay?.. (the phone got cut off).

Rakesh and the police were about to discuss what had to be done next, when to their UTMOST surprise, in walked Sushmita, Laira, and Mrs. Thatcher.

Sushi ran to Rakesh and hugged him tightly “Papa, papa,” is all she could manage to say. Sushmita’s wife Shalini was overjoyed to see her daughter. She said “Sushi.. Sushi… God is great.. I am so happy you are back safely.” She took Sushi inside to get her to eat something since Sushi had not eaten anything and was hungry.

Mrs. Thatcher described the events of the day in detail very clearly and gave all the necessary information to the police inspector who immediately gave orders on phone to the Special Squad to take control of Green House. As Mrs. Thatcher finished her talk, the Inspector shook hands with Laira and bowed to her.

Inspector: What a lovely girl you are. Many others in your place would have just walked away from the scene not seeing or sensing anything abnormal. What made you suspicious, Ms Duvall?” He asked Laira.

Laira: Inspector. I noticed everyday that Sushi went home by bus. It was unlike her to go with strangers in a car. But yet, when I saw her go with a stranger to the car, something did not feel right to me. I had read stories where children were tricked into believing what they were told. Maybe that caused an alarm bell to ring in my mind. Luckily Mrs. Thatcher was available then and she supported my instinct. I do not know, what would have happened to Sushi if Mrs. Thatcher was not there at that time to follow the car.

Inspector: Very intelligent girl. Good observation and fast thinking. My appreciations. (He saluted her again).

Everyone then agreed that God always in some way or other managed to help Good people when they were in trouble.

Now, all present there shook hands with Mrs. Thatcher and Laira, and appreciated their intelligence and courage.

Suddenly the Police Inspector’s mobile rang up. Everyone was silent. The inspector listened very attentively to what was being said…. and finally snapped with a rough nerve-chilling tone “bring all the scoundrels to the police station and be careful.” He now turned to the others and said with a big smile “Mr. Rakesh, it seems like your main crook went himself to check at the Green House, as to whether Sushmita had been take care of well or not by the thugs, and my men fortunately were there in time to catch all three of them.”

Rakesh to Inspector: Any idea who that main crook is?

Inspector: Yes. His name is Rajinder Kamath. Does it mean anything to you Sir?

Rakesh: Yes Inspector. He is Arvind Kamath’s cousin brother. We suspected him as the crook in the case I am handling about Arvind Kamath but we had no evidence until I found a DVD which I will be presenting in court on September 6th.

Laira suddenly remembered something and burst out: Oh my God!!! I have forgotten to inform my parents. They too will be worried to death about me. I have to talk to them.

Sushmita came out from the kitchen smiling and looking brighter. “Lirry, relax and do not worry. I called your parents just now and have informed them briefly.” They were indeed quite anxious and were relieved to know that you and I are okay. Your dad is going to come and pick you up.”

She said to Mrs. Thatcher “Teacher, I called up Principal and told her, and she would have by now called your house and informed your husband too. I am sorry that because of me, your families had to undergo some anxious moments.”

Mrs. Thatcher: Sushi.. no need to be sorry. I am just very happy that you are safe and no harm has come to you. But do be careful with “strangers” won’t you, both of you girls.. hmm?.

Sushmita: I will teacher. I will be extra alert. I got easily fooled when the man showed papa’s photo to me. I thought he was truly papa’s colleague from office.

Mrs. Thatcher said bye to all and now left Sushmita’s house and drove off to her own house.

Mr. Duvall arrived, had a briefing on what had happened. All said goodbye now and all felt greatly relieved that everything had turned out good at the end and left for their respective houses with the last word of “Good night”.

***

On September 6th, Rakesh’s evidence nailed all the culprits who were sentenced to jail and Arvind Kamath was declared a “free” man by the court. Arvind was very happy and thanked Rakesh profusely.

Rakesh: “Arvind, I would credit the positive ending of this case to just ONE person … a lovely little teenager, my daughter’s classmate, whose name is Laira Duvall. The case otherwise just could NOT have been won so easily.” Arvind agreed.

Arvind Kamath wanted to show his appreciation to Laira. Therefore one day soon after the case ended, he visited Laira’s house and offered “free stay coupons” to the entire family for a week-long stay at one of the best “Kamath Resort” in Enchanty Islands. (Arvind Kamath was the owner of 12 resorts all over India and Rajinder Kamath was his cousin brother who had plotted against him and was now put behind bars).

Laira hugged Arvind. She said “Wow!!! Uncle what a lovely treat.. Thank you.. thank you so much.” Arvind smiled at her lovingly.

Arvind presented Mrs. Thatcher with a beautiful expensive Laptop. Mrs. Thatcher was thrilled beyond words. Arvind also donated a huge sum to Encorage School which made Mrs. Rodriguez, the principal, very very happy, and she felt proud to be part of this School Team which had great teachers and wonderful students.

The next day’s leading newspapers read the headlines “Teacher and Student from Encorage rescue lawyer’s daughter from kidnapper’s clutches” with a brief description of the event. The whole town of Norta came alive and celebrated the news with joy. It made them feel proud that Norta, their town, had become famous and occupied the front page of the leading newspapers.

For Laira, of course, it was another beautiful feather in her cap which made her parents proud of her. They thanked the Lord for blessing them with such an angel.

Hmm… A lovely little angel our Laira is .. isn’t she friends?!! :)

BOTTOM LINE: Children, especially young boys and girls, should never ever speak to strangers or accept gifts from them. Even if they are shown photos of people known to them, it is always better to call up parents and find out, or to inform teachers, or the principal before agreeing to go with unknown people (strangers). Not heeding to this WARNING NUDGE, could prove to be dangerous because everyone may not have Sushi’s luck. So do be careful, won’t you?

Friends, hope you liked THIS Laira story too and would kindly pen your valued comment. ;) Thank you. :)

__END__

