Moral Short Story – A lesson from the little one

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sometimes each one of us go through experiences that help us change the way we look at our life. I guess I was lucky enough to have had such an experience that made me realise my life was so much better then a lot of people around me, it helped me value all I had and showed me what real life problems were.

As a normal college student the biggest problem I have faced in my life was a breakup or a bad grade. The day I met her, i saw how easy my life actually was. I was outside the Pacific Mall waiting for a friend that day. There a small girl came and sat next to me, dressed in a dirty frock with a small torn bag in her hand. She sat there staring at the inside of the glass walls of the mall, glancing at families going in and coming out.

I could see her eyes, they had a lot of emotions, they were struck in awe of the mall interiors, they were filled with hopes that maybe someday she will be able to go in, they were also in pain when she saw parents holding their happy and smiling children with big packets probably filled with toys and clothes. She got me curious and I asked her of what was she doing there alone.

She was an 11 year old studying in 6th standard, come there to sell some decorative stickers. On asking her about her parents, she said she lost her father a month back and her mother being a housewife and non educated was hardly able to provide her and her younger brother with two times of food. So everyday after school she had to sell things and raise money for their education. I asked her if she wanted to come in the mall with me, she said the guards warned her not to try coming in or she will be sent to the police.

I did not know what to say to her. She just smiled at me and pointed towards a Mcdonalds meal poster and said she only dreamt of eating this burger someday. A merely 30/- burger, those were her dreams. I had feelings of sympathy, not for her, but for myself. Many times there have been kids asking me for food or money and I have ignored them as if they were just not present. I realised how self indulgent I had got, I guess to make it up for all I had done in the past I got her a burger, and trust me the smile and the happiness on her face after seeing it was something that got tears in my eyes.

The satisfaction she had was just worth it. This “fatherless poor child story” must be heard somewhere by all of us, but the real struggle they go through is something we would never know. They are great examples of inspiration and motivation, teaching us to find happiness in the simplest and the smallest things. All I have learnt is to keep the humanity alive, helping fulfill somebody dream wont cost much, who knows it may help us getting closer to our dreams.

__END__

