Saving Molly- One Dog’s Story Of Surviving Animal Abuse

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am an animal lover. All my life I have loved and have brought home animals to save, keep, and nurture. But this particular story is about the dark hearts of human beings that torture and abuse animals. This story is about Molly, a 3 yr. old Pekingnese that I saved from a wretched owner.

Molly lived on the street over from mine. My daughter was friends with a heavy, shy girl who lived in a dysfunctional environment. My daughter, Caitlynn, noticed that their family dog was in horrible condition. She was dirty, ribs showing, and scratched non-stop. but the worst thing was her eye. Molly was viciously attacked by the familys cat who clawed her eye. The cats claw dug deep into Mollys eye, not only causing excruciating pain, but blinding her as well. Caitlynn also learned that they were not feeding her, hadn’t, in fact, for a very long time. Molly was dying. Her once luxurious fur fell out until you could see her blotchy, red skin from her constant itching. Infested with fleas, she was miserable. She also had a raging ear infection, adding to discomfort and pain. Despite all this, the little sweetheart craved affection and was just a little love.

When I learned that the poor dog was living in this kind of pain and suffering, I was livid. How could anyone DO this to another living creature? I told my daughter to go over and ask if she could have the suffering animal. She was told, in these exact words, “Take her, no one here wants her anyway.”

So, here she was, in my house with my three dogs, and when I looked at her I couldn’t believe what I saw. Mollys ribs were standing out, and her hipbones were just about jutting through her skin. Her eye, bulging out to point of falling out, was horrid. Fleas crawled on just about every inch of her. I held her to my chest and cried.

I decided to give her a flea bath right away as not to infest my healthy, clean animals, and make her skin feel better. I put flea medication on and immediately made an appointment with my vet. Considering the urgency of the situation, she was able to be seen that day. I was given meds for her eye, her ear, and skin, and told that she needed immediate surgery. I couldn’t afford such a surgery. I put Mollys picture and story on Facebook in hopes to find a sponser for the expensive operation. I got sooo lucky! A woman contacted me with a picture of Molly when she was healthy, she KNEW Mollie!

Here’s the Pic she sent me: Saving MollyI could not believe the difference! I got so angry at the woman who neglected her so, I couldn’t even speak. The woman who knew the family filled me in on them. Apparently, they lived in filth. Dog feces and vomit everywhere, and the smell alone was enough to make anyone sick. She said that she spent the night there when she was needed to care for the woman’s daughter and she was so bitten up by fleas the next day, she vomited. She had no clue that Mollie was being starved to death, or that her eye was injured beyond repair. She made some phone calls, and lo and behold, we hooked up with the right people, and we found a vet about 50 miles away willing to not only do the surgery for half price, but do it before he got paid. Not many vets around like THAT anymore. He told us that NEVER had he seen a dog so close to death as this little dogs was. He couldn’t believe how cold and heartless some pet owners could be.

Molly not only had her eye surgery, (enucleation) but she was also spayed, shots updated, de-wormed, de-flead, nails cut and medicine given to me for her ears, eye aftercare, and pain medication. Normally, all of this would have a price tag of about $3000 or more. But this big hearted veterinarian only charged us a staggering $250.

Here’s Mollie just six weeks at my house. She’s already gained weight and her fur looks so much better!

Mollie found this blue teddy in my other dogs box of toys and ‘adopted’ it. So attached was she to this blue bear, I even had to let her take it into surgery with her so that when she woke up, the bear would be near her.

Today Mollie is a healthy, happy, pain free Pekingnese. Her coat, fully grown back in, is absolutely beautiful. All pets deserve a chance to be loved taken care of. Mollie was lucky, but there are others out there not so lucky. We have to be their voice and stand strong against animal abuse. Stiffer penalties for offenders, higher fines and jail time. How can you help? Sometimes it’s only as easy as looking in your own neighborhood and reporting suspected abuse. Be a hero today and help save a dogs life…

__END__

