Short Detective Story for Kids – Threesome !

Threesome ! – Short Detective Story for Kids

Photo credit: 

 from 

Vinay  was  seriously looking towards  the  small pebbles on the rough muddy terrain near his feet.

He was cautiously  trying  to make the pebbles into a small crest.

Shweta  was  listening with full concentration what Adi was explaining.

Adi  looked towards  Vinay and asked ” So  you agree for this plan right ?”

Vinay was still looking towards the ground.

Shweta alerted Vinay.

“Vinay  hope you listened to Adi and how to do all this.”

Vinay looked at Adi and Shweta and nodded in agreement.

“So Shweta you will be the first to  get up tomorrow and  be ready with all the  required tools. Take care that no one knows about task.”

“One more thing  no one will be calling the other by names….I have  thought about the  new names or codes  …I will be SM, you be  BM  Vinay and Shweta will be CW”

“Don’t ask me the expansions as  you will tend to  spell the expanded names…I will tell you once the task is over  successfully.”

Vinay agreed in silence.

“Shweta  any questions , clarifications ?”

“One question  Adi…. if we fail in our mission, then are we going to try again ?”

“There is nothing called as failure when Adi plans it.. and moreover  our plan is  accurate and  we will succeed…”

Vinay was  not feeling it comfortable.

Shweta  observed this.

She asked ” Are you fearing for something ?”

Vinay  shot back  “Who cares  for that Vikram…we are going to end his rule….”

“Thats the spirit  Vinay…”  Shweta became happy.

Adi  came back.

“Look guys  since this is going to be a secret  mission,  please ensure  none of your family members know about this  before task is completed.”

All nodded.

“Also  you need to be  very very  accurate in your assigned tasks…. let me  repeat you again the tasks”

 Adi explained them.

“I heard Tambi was also interested to join our team  but  I did not get any request from him  so  for this day we three are the team…”

“Tambi cannot be included… he is misfit for this”, Shweta commented.

It was  may summer and I could hear this conversation happening just below my window where  two 10 year old boys and one 9 year old girl were in serious tasks.

Adi finally told “What ever  imported chocolates we get from Vinay’s brother’s  cupboard  as part of  this mission’s success , we all will be sharing equally and  Vinay  should not have any problem in this…”

Later  I decoded my self  their secret names as  SM superman, BM batman and  CW catwoman.

I am not sure whether  those three musketeers succeeded or not but that evening I  got tasty and smooth  chocolates from my elder son Vikram, big brother of  Vinay.

__END__

