: Short Story for Children – The Demons and the Artist

WSPI-2012-03: Short Story for Children - The Demons and the Artist

[Short Story for Children – The Demons and the Artist]

The two clay demons squatted in the hot sun waiting restlessly.

“Will he come today again, brother?” enquired the smaller demon.

“Of course, he will. He has come for three days in a row. Don’t you worry,” reassured the big demon. “And don’t look so restless. It spoils your beauty!” he added.

The small demon scowled. “It’s all easy for you to say. It’s an incredibly hot day, you have a cool lemon to suck on, and I don’t!”

The big demon smiled suddenly. “Here he is!”

The little demon looked up eagerly, forgetting the heat and the unfairness of not having a lemon. Sure enough, down the lane, laden with his canvas, stand, and colors box strapped across his shoulder, walked Jeyan the artist.

“Ah!” he said contently as he settled down in front of the clay pots, pans and the demons. He waved cheerfully as he saw the potter seated on his stool.

“How is your painting coming along then?” the potter asked.

“As well as it can. In another week it would be ready for the art school exhibition,” replied Jeyan.

The two demons looked dismayed. All their life, they had sat there staring at the people and animals passing through the street. Nobody wanted to buy them. The potter slept through most of the afternoon and he was no company for the demons. And one day, Jeyan walked into their dull lives.

Jeyan sat with them for hours together studying them, sketching and talking. It was like having a good friend and the demons were glad to have his company. But he told the potter that the painting would be done in a week. Did that mean he wouldn’t come back after that?

The two demons turned gloomy. Jeyan frowned as he scratched his forehead with a brush.

“You two demons don’t look too cheerful today. Wipe those frowns of your faces and smile!” said Jeyan.

“It’s easy for him to say. He’ll never understand… that we are… going to lose the only friend we have!” the small demon sniveled.

Seeing that the small demon was about to cry out, the big demon whispered angrily, “Hush now! Don’t cry. You might have horns and fierce moustache, but you are no more than a kid!”

“I hope he remembers us after he leaves!” said the small demon.

Jeyan looked up and saw the potter still awake, fanning himself with a newspaper.

“You know, I might finish this painting much earlier than I thought… maybe by tomorrow!” said Jeyan thoughtfully.

The two demons gnashed their teeth and glared at him.

Jeyan held out the canvas for the old potter to see. The potter nodded his head admiringly.

“You know, son, it was pleasant having you here all these days… I am a lonely man… It would do me good if you come here when you can,” said the old potter.

Jeyan nodded his head.

“And don’t you forget us!” the demons chorused.

The artist packed up for the day. The next day when he came back as usual, the demons looked at him longingly.

“Stay as long as you can today!” they prayed silently, as they listened to his voice chattering away happily.

But much to their annoyance, Jeyan packed up by mid afternoon. He spoke to the potter for a while and then packed up his stuff.

“Goodbye, you heartless man,” said the small monster.

“Uh oh… I forgot something!” said Jeyan and winked at the demons. Then he turned to the potter, “I’ve grown fond of these two demons. They would look great in my studio. Would a hundred rupees do for both?”

In answer, the potter quickly wrapped them up in a newspaper and handed them over to him.

Then Jeyan opened the newspaper and looked at the joyous faces of the demons.

“You silly demons…” said Jeyan fondly, “Did you think I did not know? Remember this, a true artist knows both the outside and the inside of his models. Only then can he create a masterpiece. Understood?

The two clay demons sighed contently.

__END__

