Family Short Story – Story Of My Friend’s Childhood

Story Of My Friend’s Childhood

Photo credit: 

 from 

One day when annu went to her friend home then demand her a story and her friend accept her and tell a story to Annu so in this story “I” is annu’s friend so……..

This story was started when I was not born but still I am watching this world from my mother eyes Annu so it means……….yes you guess right that time maa was pregnant and papa don’t want any child .That’s why their relation was in the mood of tension.

And then papa went to the Bhopal for facing the interview .

Now the day was come when I faced the world from my eyes. That time my father was in bhopal and his interview was success fully done and he got promotion in his job. My massa and massi were with my maa for taking care of her.

In the starting papa didn’t loves me but as the time move on and I got 5 year old ,papa and my bonding get little bit stronger but maa and papa’s bond got weak and then the time came when their fight got in the peak of mountain it means crossing all limit of their capacity of both maa and papa . In the same time I got ill ……very ill and that time maa was in panna her mother house .When she heard about this she fastly came back to house but still my elder brother and sister were in panna. Then maa and papa again fight that was the aktti pooja day and I was waiting for maa to came from the temple but she was not come in that day and I  slept in ladder of my house then papa came back and asked,”beta, why are you sleeping here??? ”

Then I replied him, “I am waiting for maa. where is she???”

And he replied me ,”I don’t know.is she not here??? ”

And I replied, “yes she is not here.”

Then,I started crying for maa and he said me ,”don’t cry beta maa will come soon. ”

In that time he was really taking care of me. And I played with my some friends whose name were vipul,anita, anjali and etc. We played games like(making houses,hidancy,ice water and so on ………. ) and then papa came and we went for which we really enjoyed. After some time my maa came back with bhaiya(elder brother )and asked for keys of upper floor of my house and papa refused to give it . Then bhaiya said me to asked for keys and he again refused us for giving keys but at the end he gave it to us and soon gudiya(elder sister) was also came from panna and we were get happy.

Suddenly, maa and papa again fight, this time maa decided to leave the house permanently and one day in the early morning when I was sleeping then maa went from house permanently and when I woke up in morning I asked for maa then bhaiya reply me “she leave the house.”

I didn’t believe him so i asked him again and he replied the same. again i start the crying then bhaiya said,”don’t worry chhutki(its me) we return her back .”

But its time to fight together so promise me,”you both will support me.”(me and gudiya)

Then we all tried our best for taking maa back we wasted money,we opened the back door leave milk uncovered through which cat came and drink milk and done the potty on the bed that’s made bed sheet dirty and that’s why papa should had to clean bed sheet so the work load of papa increased which frestated him and pressured him to taken maa back but its all wastage of time papa was never released. Then we here a bad news that maa b.p. had gone very low and she was admitted in civil hospital.This news rise the temp. of bhaiya and he went to meet maa in hospital and then again i got ill very seriously and i went to hospital were doc. told that i had a”serious coughing” which was very dangerous to me.

When my maa heard that news she got really in mood of tension and decided to take us in mama house and she was also decided to take divorce to papa. But according to the law of court judge had to give them a time to live together. And maa -papa  agreed  with it.

Then suddenly, I  feeled very very low and my maa  afraid to saw me dead and then maa called papa and they all( papa, bhaiya,maa) taken me to hospital where papa asked for hirdesh khare who was not their then we went to his house where he checked me and told my parents, “don’t worry she will be alright. ” then he gave me some medicine. then we all of came to house where maa made” kurkuri roti”and after eating that i really feel better…………………

Then she told annu this hole period makes the bond between maa-papa, papa-me and bhaiya-gudiya-me.

Then her parents came and she  stopped tell the story…………….

__END__

