Suspense Short Story for Children – The Shadow in the mirror

Photo Credit: 

“Mom, I want a mirror! Everybody in my school has one!”, Tody asked his mom.

“But a mirror is too costly to buy”said mother.

“But my friends are teasing me that I don’t have a mirror”Tody said angrily with water in his eyes

“But…. ” and when mother was about to say no…

His father comes and ask what happen then mother says him the whole story then his father calls tody and says to him” tomorrow we will go to the garage sale and buy one!”.

Then Tody happily goes to bed after his tasty dinner but when he reaches his bedroom he hears some noise goes swish…. then he yells and says “mom, I heard some noise”,

Mom says, “That is just the wind go to sleep and turn off the light”. But when Tody goes to sleep the lights turn OFF, the door SLAMS and the window gets SHUT all automatically. As Tody gets scared he puts his blanket and goes to sleep. But he dreams that he was being chased by a SHADOW!!!

The next morning he wakes up with a sad and scared face because of the dream but he was also happy ready to go to the garage sale. But unfortunately it rains on that day. Poor Tody!!!

Nobody was able to cheer him up.

But when he saw out of the window he sees a BIG MIRROR!

Where it came from? NOWHERE.

He feels so happy that he hugged his mom and dad thinking that they brought it.

But they were puzzled. They have no idea how it got there! WHO BROUGHT THE MIRROR!!!

They didn’t have any neighbours around, so they wouldn’t have brought it. But seeing Tody so happy his parents did not want to dampen his cheer. So Tody’s father helped him to bring the mirror inside.

After dinner, he wasn’t afraid to go to his room because his friend, the mirror, was there waiting for him to give him company. But as soon as he goes inside, his shadow disappears and went inside the mirror.

Tody didn’t notice this as it was dark. The next morning he did not show up in the school as he was dull and feels tired too much in games. He was not able to focus in anything but when he came home he noticed that as his shadow was not there with him he felt uneasy at school.

The shadow tried to take him inside the mirror where he would be trapped along with all the light in the city and hence it would be complete darkness all around the world!!!

But everytime the boy goes near the mirror he sees a similar face like his but his eyes were saying that it was not him, it was somebody else.

Soon he goes downstairs and sees his friend Samuel.

Samuel asks him for a hat to play “doctor-doctor” game. When he goes upstairs to get his hat he couldn’t find it but when he sees through the mirror he sees himself wearing the hat he calls Samuel up to take the hat as Tody had to go to the bathroom but when Samuel goes up he doesnt see any hat he gets a doubt “what is this Tody always has that hat, but where is it?”.

Later when Tody comes up he still sees Samuel searching for the hat and when Tody stands across the mirror Samuel sees the hat he on the shadow of Tody head.It was weird for him but as he wanted the hat he tried to take the hat from the mirror but his hand would not go inside,so he told tody to give him the hat but as soon as he kept his hand inside the mirror the shadow grabbed his hand ,but as Samuel was there he helped Tody to come out but as it was at no use and Tody was going deeper in he takes a magnifying glass and the light passing through the magnifying glass burns the shadow’s hand and lets him go but it doesn’t end here!!!!!

 The next day his cousin, Lisa, comes to their house to visit.

She likes playing with Tody very much. One day shockingly she notices that the shadow coming out of the mirror and taking all the light from the lamp seeing all this she fainted on the spot Tody seeing her called his parents.But when she wakes up she tells his parents what she saw,but they didnot believe her they said”I think you are to tired you need to rest”. She also sees that the shadow was trying to grab Tody.Atleast She tells Tody that “I think a shadow is trying to capture you”. But Tody refuses to believe her. Then one day as usual as Tody goes near the mirror the shadow in the mirror talks with him. Then Tody gets shocked ,he then realizes that the girl was correct and the shadow really wants to capture him.

Again in his dream he hears the shadow talk about the capture of light and trapping Tody.

When he wakes up he couldn’t believe that his shadow was trying to capture the light. He tells his father about it but his father did not listen to him instead he says “how can your shadow capture the world. If you are so timid then how could your shadow do it”.

Sometimes Tody would get so scared that he would cry and gasp as if he was being chased. But his parents always laughed. They used to say “Oh, Tody! You wanted the mirror and now you don’t want it, I think you are not feeling well go and sleep”.

Then Tody says to himself “Then I will save the world!!!” His parents tried to believe Tody by keeping their hand in the mirror but it would not go inside and the shadow would not let Tody save the world. The shadow would do many things like it would keep all his things in disorder . It would turn off the light to scare him . At last it would also control Tody. Poor Tody he had no idea how to save the world.

Just then he remembers the other day when the shadow grabbed his hand and when he kept the sun’s light on it through the magnifying glass the shadow’s hand burnt. But it later regained. So Tody learnt that the head was the major part of the body and it would destroy anything so his decision was to go inside the mirror.

But before going inside the mirror he had to carry few things like the magnifying glass, food, torch,fire , an electrical fan and a lot of batteries. But as soon as he kept his foot ready to go inside, his mother called him,” Tody! Come and eat your lunch.” Then Tody keeps his bag down and go down as fast as he could go and after finishing he goes really fast into the mirror.

 When he enters the mirror. he couldn’t see anyone but he sees so many rooms. As his room was dark, the rooms inside the mirror was also dark. He couldn’t come out of the mirror because it was locked . Then he gets an idea to shout for his mother, but the sound also gets vanished, he tried to take out his torch but …….. he forgot his bag at home in a hurry to enter into the mirror. But now he cannot come out of the mirror to bring those things back. So he has no other choice except for going through all the rooms. But they were all dark and he was afraid of the dark. He tried to look around for any thing that can help him come out of the mirror, but in vain. Then he slowly felt some light, black air around him he saw everything was turning black and when he turns back, ……. it was his big black shadow. The shadow tried to kill him but Tody just escaped. He yelled and ran from one room to another and nobody was there to help him except him being chased by the ghost. Then slowly he felt through his pockets if he had anything left. Then he felt his magnifying glass. as he was just right across the mirror and as the clouds were moving away from the sun it’s rays were just passing through the room. He quickly focussed the sun’s light through the magnifying glass and burnt the shadow’s head.

 HE WAS SAVED!!!!

 But his doubt was how could he come out?

 As Tody was genius, in a matter of seconds Tody struck an idea. If the shadow died due to the light then he could break the mirror through the same method. And that’s how Tody came out!!

 As soon as he came out he ran downstairs yelling, “Mom, Dad! I saved the world, we still have light, HURRAY!!!”

But his mom and dad were still confused.

 The next morning when he wakes up he sees his father and mother still asleep.

He wondered why were they still sleeping. Then he noticed that his mom’s and dad’s shadows were missing!!! So Tody was up to save the world again!!!!!!!!!!

__END__

