Touching family Story of a little girl

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

I am seven-year old who was apple of the eye in my family. They always loved me. As it is said that every coin has two sides. Even my story has two sides. My family consists of 5 members: Father,Mother, Grandparents and me. Grandparents taught me morals and values of life. My parents are professionals and always strive hard to give me the best things in life. One day, I won first place in Running race and reached home early to show my reward to my family. I was about to share my news with them but suddenly my father’s mobile rang informing him to come to office. He left hurriedly without paying attention to my little hands which was hiding the prize. I turned to mom to share the news who was busy in speaking to her colleague about the upcoming event in her company. Then I pacified myself by telling this is not the first time.

On receiving Annual Parents Teacher Meet circular, mom and dad argued who should go. Dad came to take my report but was asked to come following day with mom as well. Finally, both of them came to meet my teacher who was waiting to show the report and an Essay.

Teacher asked me to attend the class while my mother started reading the essay. Tears rolled down the cheeks and with agony she started reciting the essay to my dad who was in surprise to see her in that attire. Essay says:

Answer:

Father Stood Still listening to this essay written by his daughter and regretted for not spending quality time with her. The teacher told their child was silent in the class all the time and never mingled with others. It was said that she always ran in the ground when she was sad and felt like crying but never spoke a word about her pain. So, the teacher found a way to solve child’s problem by advising her to write a letter to god and surely god will fulfill it.

Sahasra’s Parents realized her daughter’s problem and at that moment they promised to spent time with her and actively participate in her daily activities. Teacher felt elated at their approach.

Teacher in the name of god helped Sahasra to re-unite with her parents. This is a short and sweet message for every parent to spend some time with their kids. Kids in present generation are smart enough to take care of themselves but parents play the major role in channeling their smartness in a good way.

