Life Of Regret – A Story Beyond Human Life

Photo credit: 

 from 

Regret, sadness, loneliness, these 3 things might be part of most of the people. There are more than six billion people in this world. Some are finding answers, some are running from the truth and some, think its better to ignore all.

I came downstairs and could only hear shouting crying, pain, that was spread across the room. Could i take it back? I would love to. But, i couldn’t. I could see mom and dad screaming and blaming each other. Mom was so hurt that she broke down crying. I couldn’t bear to see this and decided to walk away.

When i came out, i saw my friends playing on the streets. They seemed to be fine. Maybe because they didn’t know about the truth yet. They were just too busy with their own built up world.

I decided to go to priyas house. The girl who changed my life but all i gave her was pain. The house was open and i went to her bedroom. I could see her weeping bitterly. Reading all the letters i wrote for her, looking at all our pictures. How i wanted to go and hug her and tell that i was sorry. That i never meant to take this step but i had no other option. I was so trapped up in pain that this solution seem to be a right fit for letting things go.

It was time. I had to go. I walked out of her house and with each step i could see my heart failing and dying more inside. Mostly because i was the reason for so many people being hurt. I sat there waiting for my ride to go from this world. Suddenly, the person who was supposed to take me away from all this, refused. He said he wouldn’t take me along with him and i was bound to stay in this place and realize the biggest mistake of my life.

Life, well, that was nothing to me now.Even if i wanted to change my decision or even if i wanted to take one step back, i couldn’t.

I finally decided to go to the place where i knew i would find everyone, my home. When i entered, i saw most of my relatives, my dad sitting in one corner and starring out of the window, my mom sitting locked up in a room because she could not take the truth. everyone would have been happy now if only i had not tried running away from the problems, if only i had tried discussing my problem, if only i hadn’t killed myself…

