Short Story Paranormal Activity – The Diary

Photo credit: 

 from 

“The house is badly burnt, sir. I doubt you would find anything substantial in it,” said Rita Shannon as she critically looked at the modest two-storied bungalow in front of them.

Detective Nikhil Shekhawat couldn’t agree more. The fire was sudden in its wake, and equally sudden in its burning out. As the forensics continued to search for clues, he felt that there would hardly be any indication as to how the fire started in the first place.

Rita and Nikhil had been working together for almost a year now, the former proving to be an efficient addition to the detective department. Her sharp eye for detail rarely missed a clue though her dry disposition towards people left a lot to be desired where her social skills were concerned.

She was short and slightly plump with horn-rimmed glasses perched up her nose, framing her intelligent onyx eyes. Her short black hair was always held at the nape of her neck in a tight bun which, the others often joked, never knew the luxury of “letting the hair down”.

Nikhil Shekhawat, on the other hand was tall and broad-shouldered, his athletic physique marred by the slight paunch of his belly. His weathered face and sharp brown eyes told people that “he had been there and done that.”

A young man clad in the protective suit of the forensics department hurried up to him.

“Sir, we found this diary next to the dead girl’s body. We have taken the photographs and fingerprints from it…you can check it through,” he said, handing over to Nikhil a small, pinkish coloured diary.

“All right, I will check this through,” he replied, taking the diary and looking over it.

The forensics official nodded before scurrying off.

“A diary? How come it didn’t burn up?” Rita wondered out loud.

“Dunno…” he replied, surprise colouring his voice.

**

After a day of deliberation and analysis, Nikhil was glad to be in the comfortable confines of his home. The day was a sultry one, as expected in the mid of August. He threw his jacket into the laundry-bin, slung his bag on the set of hooks next to the door and dragged his feet into the bathroom.

“I swear I will hug the ones who invented the shower and the AC,” he sighed, scrubbing himself all over as felt his tensed up muscles relax under the warm jet of water.

After donning a pair of flannel trousers and nightshirt, he trooped into the kitchen to fix his dinner. Not in a mood to cook anything, he warmed up yesterday’s leftover pasta and poured himself a glass of orange juice.

It had been just a week his wife and daughter left to visit his in-laws in Mumbai—and already he was missing them.

The microwave gave a gentle 

signalling the pasta was all warmed up. He took his dinner-tray into the bedroom and set them on the study-table.

The pink, slightly burned diary stared back innocently.

He spooned a bit of pasta into his mouth before opening it.

The name, Anandita Rathi, was written in stylised calligraphy on the first page—he knew this was the name of the deceased.

The first entry was dated 7

 May…he checked today’s date on the digital wall-clock. It was 21

 July.

“Mom! This is superb!!! Like awesome superb!!!” Anandita gushed, looking around the living room. It was a cozy room, painted in pale pastel pink and the walls were dotted with various photographs.

“I told you, this deal was real steal,” her mother said, mirroring her daughter’s excitement. She was short and plump with a genial motherly face, her hair held up in pony tail as her grey eyes shone in delight.

Her father, a sober, quiet but an amiable man looked on the duo with a smile as he too breathed in the new paint. It was their forever dream to own a house…and this one was just perfect. It fitted the pocket 

it fitted their list of requirements. He thanked the heavens for sending the house-agent to them.

“Not to mention my school and guitar classes are like ten minutes away—being in the middle of the city yet far from the maddening crowd is what I like…” Anandita danced around dreamily.

The movers had shifted all their furniture and knick-knacks a day before and Mr. Rathi had arrived early to oversee the hired helps as they placed the furniture in the proper places. Now, it was afternoon and the family was delighted to have their first lunch in their new home.

“Sadly, it has to be a take-away though,” said her mother as she placed the food on the dining table.

“No probs, mom. I will help you to break into our kitchen later this evening,” Anandita said happily.

**

Nikhil sighed before turning pages in random. It was just a normal teenager’s diary…peppered with the usual everyday events. There was nothing which could be useful from his point of view.

He sipped the last drop of the juice and yawned—site investigation coupled with a long day at the analysis division sucked out all his energy. After scraping the last bit of sauce from the plate and putting it in his mouth, he dragged his feet back into the kitchen.

He couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed; he had expected the diary would throw some light in the matter. Was the fire a result of some accident…or a botched suicide attempt? Or was it some external agent at work?

After washing his face, he returned to his room, took the diary and lay down on the bed.

The names Nikki and Renai kept popping up…apparently they were Anandita’s closest friends. Though his eye were heavy with sleep, he decided to call up Rita and get them tracked down.

“Rita Shannon here. What is it, Detective Shekhawat?” said a cool voice from the other end.

“I found two names in the diary—Nikki and Renai. Looks like they were Anandita’s closest friends. Track them down ASAP. And have you contacted Mr. and Mrs. Rathi yet?”

“Yes, Anandita’s parents have been tracked down. They are presently in shock and the Trauma department’s handling them. I will get down to Nikki and Renai and get back to you when I find anything.”

He ended the call and lay flat on his back, staring at the ceiling. The clock struck eleven—and he knew it would take Rita a minimum of two hours to track them down. He felt sorry for Anandita’s parents; after all, it is nothing less than a horrific, purgatory-worthy shock to get the news that your daughter burnt to death.

He could feel a shiver run down his spine. No, he didn’t envy them at all.

**

He must have dozed because the next thing was his cell-phone ringing shrilly next to his ear.

He jumped bolt upright, staring dumbly at his phone for a couple of seconds before realizing that it was Rita who was calling.

“Did you find anything?” he rushed quickly, blinking rapidly to expel sleep from his eyes.

“Nikita Tiwari and Rishika Nandwani were Anandita’s best friends…they are your standard eleventh graders. Want me to schedule a meeting?” she said in her usual collected manner.

“Hmm…nope. Don’t bother. Just text me the addresses…I might pay them a visit if I feel like it.”

“As you wish. And yes, the brass want you to talk to Anandita’s parents tomorrow. I know it’s no party but that’s the drill—your case, your clean up.”

Nikhil breathed out heavily, not looking forward to that meeting.

“What’s need to done, has to be done. No use in cribbing. Anyways, thanks for the help. Sleep well.”

“It’s four in the morning,” Rita said dryly.

“And we report to the office by seven…when do you suggest I get some shut-eye?”

Nikhil cringed as he glanced at the clock…she was right.

“I am sorry.”

“Don’t be. I was just stating the fact. See you in office.”

**

“She wasn’t suicidal…why, she was the most fun-loving girl ever!”

Mrs. Rathi sniffed into the handkerchief as she talked about her daughter.

“She was a nice, responsible and conscientious young lady…I just don’t know what to think anymore…” Mr. Rathi said quietly.

Nikhil nodded sympathetically—he had a telephonic conversation with the Principal of Anandita’s school and she too was of the same opinion.

“Forensics say that the gas stove was left unplugged…and some spark led to the fire. But Anandita’s body was found in the bedroom, so apparently someone else did this. Mr. Rathi, you are a businessman…do you have any rivals? Or enemies for the matter?” Nikhil asked.

“I agree I am a businessman, but not that big that I have people after my life,” he answered slowly.

Nikhil shook his head…the case was simply spiralling out of depth now.

“Not a suicide, no enemies, no accident…then what on earth is it?” Nikhil muttered to himself.

**

Nikki and Renai were in shock too but they agreed to drop in by Nikhil’s office.

Nikki was tall and athletic with waist length black hair and bespectacled grey eyes while Renai was petite and delicate with curly brown hair and golden eyes.

“We knew her since kindergarten…in fact Renai gifted her that diary you are talking about,” Nikki said after Nikhil gave them an overview of the situation.

“Anandita wasn’t much of writing girl but for my sake, she decided to keep a diary…we planned to keep a diary for a year and then exchange it…it was our ‘pact’ of friendship…” Renai sniffed.

“Umm…” Nikki began haltingly, arresting Nikhil’s attention.

“Lately…like for the couple of weeks, Annie…that’s Anandita…wasn’t all herself. She was like completely stressed out…scared…”

Nikhil looked at Nikki intently, motioning her to continue.

“I can’t tell you exactly…it was as if she wasn’t sleeping well…and she didn’t want to stay alone when her parents left a week back. I remember our last sleepover at Renai’s house…she kept looking over her shoulder as if expecting to see someone there…”

**

Nikhil left office early and dashed straight into his room.

The diary lay innocently on his table as he had left it in the morning.

He quickly turned through the pages before settling over the entry of 7

 July.

He turned the page before a sentence caught his eye.

He scanned the page for the beginning of the entry…and he found it.

Nikhil felt chilly all of a sudden before turning the page.

Nikhil noticed that the handwriting, which was neat and stylised in the beginning was now more of a hardly-legible scribble.

Nikhil thought he heard someone knock the door once…he waited the person to repeat the knocking. Shrugging it off as the play of the wind, he continued reading.

 

 

 

Nikhil felt the back of his neck burn in pain suddenly…he massaged it before turning the page to read the last entry.

It was very, very short.

 

 

Nikhil dropped the diary, shivering. It was a sultry evening but he felt cold.

Chilly.

And he felt someone breathing down his neck.

He gripped the sides of his chair tightly before turning to look.

It was a pale, bloodless face with long black hair and hollow eye-sockets.

And he screamed.

**

“Nikhil Shekhawat had no history of a heart ailment, did he?” the doctor enquired.

“No, at least that what the official records say,” Rita replied.

But she couldn’t help but feel curious about the look of pure, unadulterated horror etched on his face.

She stepped out of the morgue and asked the young detective who went all over his house to hunt clues.

“Did you find any diary? A pinkish coloured one?” she asked.

“Nothing of that sort, ma’am.”

__END__

