Mystery Short Story – Third Step

Photo credit: 

 from 

I have been observing it since I joined the company three days back. There is some spookiness behind it. It was very clean compared to others, even in the season of monsoon. Hundreds of people would have stepped on it but it still looks cleans.  Nobody talks about it as it was Lord Voldemort or Evil Eye. But many warned me of the other thing which has created some damages and injuries.

Infidel Ltd. is the one of Top IT companies of the world which employees around 40 to 50 thousand people. I am one of the guys who had joined the company last week. The company has a very famous foot-over-bridge on which all the employees need to walk to enter the company.

There was a step in the staircase on that bridge which has aroused my curiosity. Very much cleaner than others steps and has no mark of dirt. That step was the 3

 step from the ground and had a very sharp edge. I believe that the sharp edge was the reason people used to bypass it by having a larger stride. But that was not the case. However, I still find it to be clean and shiny every evening while other steps look like a normal step which has been used and stamped like a common man.

My friend here has warned that another step, 8

 from the ground, of which we must be careful as it is narrower and many don’t see it till they are about to step on it.  But again, nobody else has warned be about this step also.

We are fresh from the college and no work assigned till now. We all want to create special incident which will help to feel important and believe that the bridge stair steps is helping me to think in this company and keeping my brain in working condition.

“We will cross the bridge in few minutes. We don’t need to see the face of the bridge for 2 more days”, said my friend. He was not talking to me from our building but I was busy typing in the mobi…..”

I could see myself flying in the air. I could hear my friend voice and he was speaking something gibberish.  I tried to ground myself but was unable to. My head just crashed with something hard and was lost my consciousness.

I could see people around me helping me to rise up and the security was asking me to sit in chair they had brought under the bridge. I head was aching like hell and I could not see anybody clearly except that I was able to recognize my friend because of shiny velvety pink shirt which was visible even when anybody is blind.

He said, “I had already told to be aware of 8

 step. You were not listening to me”. I was cursing myself for typing while walking and not listening and fantasizing on the 3

 step. Meanwhile, I was given the first aid treatment by Security team.

There was huge cut in my head and my head was bleeding heavily and I may have lost of blood. I was about to shout with pain but instead smiled when I heard Security guard shouting to a cleaner,

“Sitamma, please go and clean that blood on the step, 3

 from below, with acid and phenyl.”

__END__

