It was the happiest day for Sarla on the occasion of passing post graduation in architecture with flying colors. She started her own office in the heart of Bengaluru city. On the first anniversary of her office, she got a prestigious client Radha Mohan Construction company Limited based in Bengaluru.

Jayant was a structural engineer who joined the same company just six months before Sarla got this assignment. Sarla was quite surprised to see Jayant at the new project site. She and Jayant were childhood friends. They were meeting after six years. The occasion was the launch of 500 apartment complex at the outskirts of Bengaluru city. Sarla was invited as a special guest.

“What a nice time to see you Sarla after a long time. I am really overjoyed to meet you here. You have not changed.” said Jayant

 “Yes, Jayant I am also feeling the same,” replied Sarla

 “We are meeting after six years. May I ask you how did you spend all these years,” asked Jayant

 Sarla affectionately calls him Jay and he reciprocates as Saru.

 “Jay, we parted each other after Pre-University Course.I got admission to the Engineering College, Kolkatta. After the degree, I went to Delhi for Post graduation in architecture. Thereafter one year, I worked as a junior with a famous architect of Delhi. I didn’t like the climate of Delhi, I returned back to Bengaluru” said Sarla

“Saru, I stayed in Bengaluru and completed Bachelor of Engineering and Master of Structural Engineering. I joined a private college as a Lecturer and resigned after one year. At present I am before my beloved girlfriend.” said Jayant.

“Jay, do you remember when I was six years old, we both went to see a kids movie. There was a disturbance when two boys started fighting with each other. The reason was simple. Two unknown boys seated side by side. One boy was eating popcorn. Another boy unknowingly hit his popcorn packet. The paper bag full of popcorn fell on the ground. The two boys start quarreling. All the audience mostly men were upset. It took five minutes to convince the boys. We both left the cinema hall. We were unable to tolerate the shouting.”

“Saru, I too remember an incident of childhood days.I was a just 7-year old boy. My father gifted me one music player on the occasion of my birthday. You were invited on that day. You asked me to give you the music player. I refused to give you. You became angry and pushed me from the little-elevated place. I fell down on the ground. You expressed sorry in the presence of all the guests. I had seen tears were coming down through your eyes. I was wounded in the right-hand palm and the blood was flowing. You were afraid and you asked my mum for forgiving you. Mother took me to a nearby hospital for a bandage. My mother told you not to worry.”

Prabhu, Chairman of the company was closely observing the conversation of Sarla and Jayant. He went there and asked, “Both of you know each other since childhood.”

“Yes sir, we used to stay at the Maheshwari layout, Bengaluru. My father and her father were colleagues and working in the Bharat Bank. We used to meet almost daily,” said Jayant

“Very good. When I was the 8-year old boy I lost my mother. After one year I lost my father. I became orphan and grown up in the orphanage. I was a brilliant student completed Bachelor of Engineering(Civil) with highest marks. Initially, I worked with the builder for 5 years. The builder helped me to start my own company. I started a company in the name of my parents Radha Mohan,” said Prabhu

The launching of the new project was conducted in the presence of about 50 prospective buyers. The function commenced with religious rituals and ended with lunch.

Later on, Sarla and Jayant used to meet frequently in connection with the project. Whenever they find time used to recollect the past memory and share the experiences of childhood days. Prabhu was happy to see their hard work. He asked them to work jointly until the completion of the project. He didn’t know both these guys were lovers.

In the meantime, Ambika the only daughter of Prabhu returned from the United States of America after completing post graduation in information technology. She wanted to join a company in America. But she changed her mind and joined in her father’s own company.

She was observing Jayant closely for his skill and attitude towards the work for about one year. Ambika was very happy with Jayant. She was confident that the project would be completed before the schedule. Prabhu was asking his daughter to closely monitor Sarla and Jayant and obtain progress report once in a quarter. Sarla and Jayant were quite sincere and honest in submitting their reports before the due date. Ambika was accompanying Jayant for the inspection of the spot. She was very much impressed by Jayant and fell in love with him. One day, she called Jayant to her chamber along with the project report for discussion. He went to her chamber and explained the latest position. Ambika was happy to see the wonderful progress within a short time.

“Jayant, it is amazing.You are doing excellent work. My dad is satisfied with your work.” said Ambika

 “Thank you, Madam. One person is behind me to encourage for my hard work,” replied Jayant

 “Who is that person?” asked Ambika

 “Madam, she is Sarla, the architect of the company.

 Ambika could not understand the intention of Jayant.

 Observing his knowledge, fair complexion and personality, she fell in love with him. Ambika decided to reveal her wish directly to him.

One day, Ambika asked, “Jayant, I am very much impressed the way you work. I love you Jayant. If you like me, let us continue our relationship.

Jayant was surprised. He was already in love with Sarla. He could not disclose this fact to Ambika.

 “Ambika, I am coming from a rural place and belong to a middle-class family. My father is a bank employee and mother is just literate and doing household work. You are from an affluent family. How can it be possible?”

 “Jayant, don’t worry about all these factors. My decision is final. I will convince my dad to agree on this proposal.”

 “Madam, give me some more time to think.”

 “Okay.”

After this development, Jayant was not happy. Sarla was a good-looking, soft-spoken and perfect in her profession. Moreover, she was a childhood friend. Ambika was fat and complexion was not fair. Her height was just 5 feet, whereas Jayant was tall with a 6 feet height. Ambika told her father that she liked Jayant and wish to marry him. In the beginning, Prabhu refused to accept her wish and told her to rethink. But she was hell-bent upon marrying Jayant. At last Prabhu agreed to fulfill the wish of his only daughter.

One day Prabhu called Jayant to his bungalow for a breakfast. He expressed his desire in the presence of Ambika.

 “If you accept my proposal, you will be elevated to the post of the managing director of the company.”

Jayant didn’t like this proposal. He could not refuse his boss. He was puzzled. Ambika was anxiously waiting for his response.

“Sir, I am already in love with another girl. We know each other since our childhood. I am sorry, I am unable to accept your proposal”

Ambika was disappointed and angry too.

 Jayant was already in love with another girl. She remembered the day when Jayant told one girl was his inspiration and success.

Prabhu was also unhappy. He wanted to convince Jayant in all possible manner. All his efforts resulted in vain. Prabhu became angry and planned to take serious action. Jayant left the place.

One day, he called Jayant to his chamber. Jayant was present at the appointed time. Boss asked him to sit beside him.

 “Jayant, I am telling you for your own bright future. Please accept my only daughter Ambika as your life partner”

 “Sir, my conscience does not permit to ditch the girl, who had full confidence in me. I have already promised to marry her.’

 “Let me know, who is that girl?” asked Prabhu

 “She is Sarla working as Architect in your company.”

Prabhu was surprised to know that Sarla was already in love with Jayant. Sarla had a very good relationship with her boss Prabhu. He treated her as a second daughter.

 “Jayant, stop meeting Sarala. I will search another suitable boy for her.”

 “In that case, I will resign from your company,” said Jayant

Prabhu was not expecting such a reply from him. Jayant told this episode to Sarla. She was perturbed to know the latest development.

Another one month passed. Jayant submitted resignation mentioning personal reasons. He applied for the job in another construction company. While leaving the job, he told his boss that with a heavy heart he was leaving the company. His resignation letter was kept pending for some time. Ambika was unhappy to know this development. She suggested her father not to accept his resignation and give him trouble by booking false cases against Jayant. Her intention was to blackmail Jayant. He was surprised to know the false allegations against him. He thought it was a reward for the honest and sincere employee. He failed to prove himself as an innocent. The case went to magistrate court. Jayant was called to a police station. The Police Inspector grilled him for about half an hour. Ambika created such a situation, where Jayant had no option except to accept Ambika as a life partner and break up the love already had with Sarla. His friends and relatives also advised Jayant to marry Ambika. To come out of the bad situation, he agreed. Prabhu immediately withdrew all the cases against Jayant. As promised earlier Jayant was elevated as the Managing Director of the company.

Jayant sent a mail to Sarla in three lines for the break-up of love with her.

 How painful for me to send this mail.

 I agree to marry Ambika under pressure.

 Felt very sad for the break-up.

She stared at the email message on her computer, her mind racing so fast that the words blurred together and no longer made any sense. Just three lines, but enough to make her life–the life she’d worked so hard and sacrificed so much to build–begin to crumble around her.

 Sarla responded to his mail.

Every relationship has its own ups and downs. Breaking up of relationship is really a serious matter. If you reconsider our relationship, I feel like lucky. I will not try to convince you in this regard. You are a learned person, I need not explain more.

Jayant sent another mail to Sarala to meet him urgently at the park in the evening at 6. She went there on time. He was waiting for her arrival. Jayant informed everything right from the beginning.

“Jay, please find out a way to come out of this situation.”

 “Saru, my mind is disturbed.”

 “Jay, don’t worry. For every problem, there is a solution.”

 She closed her eyes for few seconds. Sarala opened her eyes and smiling.

 “Saru, What happened? Why are you smiling?”

 “Jay, once I visited a restaurant along with Ambika. She started the conversation about the progress of the project. Suddenly, she changed the topic and revealed about her personal life. She told me that she was married in the United States of America and divorced after one year. The reason was she was suffering from an incurable disease. Then she stopped abruptly. I am planning to meet Prabhu tomorrow and request him to give up the idea of Ambika- Jayant marriage in view of her personal life.”

“Saru, fine, go ahead with your plan. My best wishes to you.”

Sarla had a free access to Prabhu. She need not take the appointment. Following day, Sarla met Prabhu and requested him to treat her as a daughter.

 “Prabhu, you are doing injustice to Jayant,” said Sarla

 “Sarla, do you know with whom you are speaking?”

 “Yes sir, I know I am speaking with my boss with full responsibility,” replied Sarla

 “How do you say, I am doing injustice to Jayant?”

 “Sir, your daughter is a divorcee and suffering from an incurable disease.”

 “Who told you?”

 “Sir, Your daughter Ambika,” said Sarla

 Prabhu was speechless at that time.

 “Sarla, you are right. At first instance only I refused the proposal of Ambika- Jayant marriage. But she was hell-bent on marrying him.”

 Sarla left the place with satisfaction.

Everybody’s astonishment the marriage of Ambika with Jayant was canceled. Prabhu decided to cancel the marriage of Ambika and Jayant. Ambika argued with her father for the cancelation of marriage. She realized her defect and blamed her fate. Realising the danger in future Ambika went to Sarla home.

“Sarla, please excuse me. I did crime by forcing Jayant to break-up your love. I wanted to marry Jayant with the hope that he is a most suitable life partner for me. I was under the false impression with the money power, I can do whatever I want. It is nothing but a myth. Your love is pure. I wish you a successful married life.” said Ambika

 “Ambika, after all, we are human beings. We commit mistakes knowingly or unknowingly. I appreciate your noble thinking. You are great. I wish your speedy recovery of health.”

 “Sarla, I will treat you as my younger sister. Please do not praise me. You and Jayant continue service in our company.

 “Ambika, thank you very much.”

 Sarala and Jayant became life partners. Prabhu blessed the newly married couples. Jayant and Sarla left Radha Mohan company after the successful completion of the project. Jayant continued to work along with Sarla in her office.

 –END–

