Article – Its Now Or Never

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sometimes,

 Sitting all alone,with smoke flowing all around you, continuous stares on stars and a wind whistling across your ears are enough to make you aware of a truth.It does not matters whether you like it or not because its the TRUTH.The Truth of loving someone even after knowing, one day the agony of separation is going to tear every bit of you.

When ever you decide not to give a damn about it, not let it rule your mind; a sweet voice will gently whispers in your ears…This part of my life is called sadness. would like to mention a quote by me

 

Hey my sweet buddy,

Dear,

 Are you ready to face the endless pain, because the dreams you are living in are going to betray you soon.They will shake your soul that vigorously, the only choice for you will be to accept to face reality.I just feel like shouting, shout that loud, shout with my all energy with a hope that it may somehow help me rescuing my dying soul.This endless agony, this despicable pain gives birth to fear somewhere with in me. Sometimes the fear is that intense, that reality starts fading over my eyes. Reading novels, playing songs matching to my present state give some flavor of relief for a moment.As soon my patience reaches saturation the color of my emotions starts dominating over other ones.At this stage the only thought left roaming around will be that of suicide, but one should have courage in order to commit it. People do crazy stuff after this thought make house in their mind but for me it acted as a role reversal. It reminded of my mother and my responsibilities i have to finish.

I can not stay in this pain and i can not also stay with out it. HAHAHA I think my soul is playing hide and seek with me.Facing situations like that either makes you a coward or a man with no fear. I know myself and i am not a coward. So at last i smiled and murmured just fight with the waves till you are alive.The time will come , it will come soon when you have to make a decision, a decision where in i have to dissect my heart and pour my soul out, consoling myself by saying – ‘ buddy i trust you and you are the only one i know who can do this sacrifice , you will definitely do it because you deserve it.This may make people happy, isn’t it you have been taught by your mother ‘ do what brings life in others’.. Just forget about the pain and say ….

 

 Burning with desires , snatching my hands , imagining that beautiful smile which heal my wounds, i finally manage to rescue myself. But when ever the same situation rises again and again i just smile and answer back by saying – ‘ The moment is not far away, where in i will be full of courage and excitement to conquer it and the moment is not very far when i will shout ‘ do it man, just do it now because its now or never’

