Time and life, has those rapid, chaotic moments. Witch we all live for, like the fire of a lover.

Sometimes madly rushing past, creating a blurry imagery, as everything and every one spins around madly, avoiding the slower intake of life and pursuing a crazy haze of blind speed and confusion. The noise never-ceasing to ring inside your head like a thousand gongs rattled together inside a small room where every echo bursts into a million glass shattering sounds. Movement smudges all around you until all seems grey, leaving no distinct colour or object but instead everything dissolves into disorder and madness, and time seems like a black hole devouring everything all at once.

And…

At times, all slows down. To the point of moving in a slow, almost motionless pace. Flowing peacefully, glistening in the sun. Those few times when life is at ease. The scarce seconds that feels like hours. Time turns into a slow dance and gracefully caresses around you. Softly nudging you to stop and stare at some small thing. Without a word, beckoning you closer, to claim your attentions.  No matter how small, or indistinct it somehow possesses your mind and drifts along time until it stands completely still.

Those times when you suddenly realise the smallest flower hidden in between grass. And for the first time see the beauty and majesty of clouds and the breakthrough of sunlight underneath a lush tree. Hear the singing of birds and whispering of the wind. All else fades away as the small things starts to consume you. And in those moments, time stands completely still,  when everything is perfectly blissful. Your whole being is at peace, unaware of war and chaos, of sickness and death. Only stillness calms inside your being like a soul mate’s presence, and rest folds around you like the trustworthy arms of saviour.

The same timelessness that captivates you while with the one you love, swifts into your mind calmly. Every breath you inhale, as soothing as the voice of prayers.

Time and life, has those blissful, timeless moments. Witch we all long for, like the gentle lips of a lover.

–END–

