Article on Women I worship.

Photo credit: 

 from 

There have been many news recently about violence against women and a lot of debate regarding the gender streotypes in our society. In order to eliminate these gender stero types i am going to tell you how i feel about women in real. How men and women are connected?

Well I have my own view about women. I am suppose to hate women because I was always misunderstood or misjudged by most women. I was a victim of ‘behind the sweet nice guy’ syndrome wherein you were expected to behave like a nice guy but if you deviate from your path by doing crazy unpredictable things you will be labelled like someone who resembles a main character in a psycho thriller movie. Most common dialogue I faced was ” I thought you were a nice guy”,”dikhney mein tum jitna boley lagtey ho itna tum ho nahi”,According to them i am the ultimate villian with innocent looks. According to them joker in dark knight movie is innocent than me. I don’t even know how to play cricket(I hate cricket), how can I even harm someone.

A typical guy who had a tough time with women will either turn into a misogynist or a woman abuser. But I saw things differently. Why is there a relationship between a man and a woman is always dominated by the concept of controlling one another. Why we see women as objects of entertainment. While there may be many complex factors involved I would like to focus here only on my views about women.

Women think that men treat women as objects of desire. I know women face many difficulties because of men but all men are not alike. I do not judge women. I see women in a more lucid manner.

I have come across some beautiful women in my life. People expect us to fall in love with beautiful women.Does it mean that I fall  for every woman just because she is beautiful. No because love,sex are not the only things that exist between a man and a woman.

I will tell you about two women that made me realize that women have some kind of power or a kind of aura that makes people around them happy. Their presence on this planet gives me a feeling that this world is a better place. We tend to forget people that are not in our lives or when they are far away. But sometimes we come across some people who leave an impact on our thoughts even if the interaction with them is less.

Matilda,Indian blake lively. I am not using real names here to hide their identities.These two girls are the most beautiful girls i have ever seen in my real life.I adore them.I even feel like worshiping them. May be i am a nature lover. Women are more close to nature than men. May be i am a woman worshiper. I know its strange but i think worshiping stones and statues as gods is more strange.

Matilda is an extremely beautiful girl with innocent looks and soothing voice. I gave her the nick name matilda because of her child like innocent look on her face.There is something about her. She has a positive aura around her. May be that’s why people are attracted to  her. I forget my worries when i think about her. She has divided my life into 2 parts.

My life before meeting her and my life after meeting her. I feel happy and complete when she comes into my mind. Its strange how she changed my view about women. I started viewing women as something divine, as part of mother nature. Women make us feel natural. Life is not mechanical anymore. At the same time i stopped judging my quality of life by being with someone or something. She is far away but i can still feel the presence of her spirit. Her soothing voice inspires me to do something meaningful in life. Sometimes she consoles me when i am sad. She is such a relief. She is a spiritual being according to me. I think I have a spiritual connection with her. She is like an angel to heal my wounds. Divine beauty has visited our planet. I feel like worshiping this woman because she reminds me of a tooth fairy.

Indian blake lively is graceful beauty,tall and strong girl. She reminds me of blake lively from gossip girl and so i nick named her indian blake lively. She has a very pleasing smile. She looks more beautiful when she is angry. Unfortunately she does not know me . For her i am a complete stranger. It was my fault.I did not talk to her when i had the chance. She is the combination of grace,beauty and kindness .I consider her as someone worth worshiping. If someone asks me what makes you smile it is the face of this girl.You may think this is attraction but it is more than that. I felt some connection with this girl. I felt i had known her sometime ago but i had never met her before. Hope i will see her in future.

Having crushes on some girl is different than feeling a connection with someone. I felt a connection with the above mentioned women. In a usual situation if a guy likes a girl he will stalk her until he wins her heart. This is shown in bollywood as hero giri. But i am not a Bollywood hero, i am just an admirer of beautiful women. At the same time I do not feel connected to every beautiful woman i meet. Only very few tend to get my special attention and i consider them above all the normal girls i meet. I had my own share of crushes but sometimes we feel something in our hearts which is more than just looking out for partners and relationships.

Like i told you i had my own share of crushes. I named her Metro girl. I had seen this girl in Mayur Vihar metro station in delhi. She use to work at the counter where smart cards are sold. Its very hard to resist her beautiful looks. She looks like a carved out idol in a temple. I was attracted to  her. Even imagined her as my wife . She looked like someone that you fell in love with when you see her  for the first time. She is one of those love at first sight kind of girls.Sometimes I wonder why she has not got an offer from bollywood.

When it comes to love and relationships it is same for both men and women. Women tend to love guys who are like their fathers. Similarly men love women who reminds them of their mothers. Emotional security is at play here. If a woman truly loves a man she will take care of him like a mother takes care of her child. Similarly if a man loves a woman really he will look after her just like a father protects his child.

***

