This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 18 Jan 2014 and won 

BEST MYSTERIOUS LOVE STORY 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mysterious me, justified me, graceful me, aggressive me, sincere me, ”angry young girl me”, all together a different me. Now you might be wondering who is this me and why is this me so different.

Well this so called me is Riya Patel.I believe in being simple and straight .Unlike other people of this generation I am very graceful, aggressive, honest, passionate about my studies and singing and more particularly I totally avoid boys ,I am very harsh towards them .The reason maybe that I don’t want any attention or I am vexed up with all the attention I get from them or I am irritated of boys of this generation who in the name of friendship propose on every second day either face to face or on social networking sites though I dint friendship with anyone any way.

The thing that makes me different is that I am a combination of very beautiful looks and a good character there a hardly anyone out there with such a combination. I belong to an orthodox family. My native is Gujarat  but I was born and brought up in Punjab. I  have completed my inter and going to start engineering. Well for now holidays are going on I am very good at studies and I am also a very good singer. I have won many prizes related to singing.

Today is my first day to college and I was not at all nervous. I had made up in my mind that I will not make much friends out there in college just focus on my studies and ignore all the boys . I just wanted to have a peace of mind. I wear all sorts of dresses. I wore the  most stunning a bit modern type of chudidar ,let my hair loose and visited temple as it is my first day. I stay at hostel and my parents stay at Punjab presently and they meant the world to me.

I  arrived the college and as expected saw all the girls in jeans or dressed as modern as possible .when I arrived everybody suddenly looked at me in amazement, all girls and boys stared as if I were some different creature from different world. I ignored and walked up to my class with a confident expression . In my way to class I saw few girls who formed a grout in a little distance from the group of boys and cracking jokes and giggling with the most fakest smile on their faces . This site was what irritated me the most .Why are the girls and boys of this generation behaving so much like fools I thought to myself.

I saw a girl at the corner of my class room no. 302 sitting a bit calm. I went and sat down at the middle row first bench. Finally everyone arrived in class approximately 70 members. The day ended as the teachers introduced themselves and we giving our introduction to the teachers. As the college completed at 4:30 I went and searched for my bus. In the college bus I noticed everyone either doing mobile chat or seniors ragging the juniors.

As I walked in the bus a senior called me “hey you! Come here”, he said.

I turned my looks and ignored him and went and sat at first seat of the bus.

He came along with his friends and said “cant you hear me?”,

I stood up with an angry expression and making a direct eye contact with him which scared him a bit “do I know you?”, I asked

“no“, was his reply

“then get out of here”, I replied with everyone looking at us in the bus.

He  said “how dare u say that I am your senior!”, he said for which I said “so what! U are a stranger and I dint come to college to do as you say got it! If u want let me take you to principle and ask in front of him that what do students come to college for”,

he kept quiet  and went away. I sat down at my place, 2 girls of my class Shamili and Preety came to me and introduced themselves to me and said ”hi! Glad that we met you, we were very scared about facing the seniors you have got a lot of guts! good  to see someone like you”,

In my way to hostel thought to myself I am not looking for a boy but I really want to see a boy or a girl who are a bit graceful straight and self confident in other words like me !.just want to see if there is any person who can impress me, but from my childhood I’ve never seen such a person. I always choose friends by character not by looks. Within  a month or so everyone in the campus knew about me and I again got this so called attention! and I learned from my friends that almost 24 people love me truly and sincerely they don’t even see any other girl! Well what sort of such thing did I  do that these many people like me so sincerely I started wondering , everyone used to try to get my attention in class as well as seniors, but all I did was ignore. I wrote my first internals and topped the college .

Then one day a new guy with the most stunning looks and well built personality entered the class . he was the first person who did not look at the girls while entering the class. He went and sat in first row first bench. Sir asked him ”what is your name and why did you come so late to the class are you new”,

to which he replied very honestly and straightly “Good morning sir, I am Siddharth Sharma and I am from Karnataka due to some family responsibilities for about a month I ask for apology”,

to which sir replied “its okay you may sit down”,

he spoke well I thought to myself. I noticed in break when all the girls tried to speak to him of course they would he a handsome person but to my surprise he said “ excuse me”, and made his way without replying. I was surprised normally that’s not what boys do when girls try to talk to them! When he came back to the class all of a sudden our gazes met and something strange for the first time happen,for the first time I wasn’t able to remove my gaze of those eyes something different in those eyes that made me gaze deep into the eyes I couldn’t help staring such a powerful eyes which I had never seen . Some how  I  realized how I  was behaving awkwardly after 1 or 2 minutes and somehow managed to move my gaze off his eyes and he to realized how he was behaving and went and sat at his place.

Don’t know why but for the first time I wasn’t able to forget someone’s eyes whole night those eyes! I said to myself clear of that from mind but wasn’t able to. Next day I put on my jeans and a dark green t-shirt with beautiful peacock design on it let my hair loose and went to college as usual everyone staring at me. I then saw sid coming opposite to me and he didn’t even notice me while walking past me ,even I looked away but he was the first person to ignore me but it hurt me a bit somewhere I don’t know why ?. was he the kind of person I wanted to see I started for once I started wondering.

While going to class again I saw him with his friend standing in corridor with books in his hand standing in front of the office room with his friend. I stopped there as I had some work at the office room and heard that guy saying to Siddharth “she is the girl your classmate whom I was talking about in the most wanted list of girls . She doesn’t speak to boys except for 2 or three members in the class that to for studies sake as they are toppers. She is very decent in character unlike other girls and very different, I dint see anyone like her, she is self confident , and many almost all out there trying for her.”,

I acted as if I dint hear anything and paid my fee cheque in the office room and went away. In class there was a talk about the fresher’s party . All thinking to get dressed as modernly as possible in other words wearing minimum clothes . my expression was what ever!. Not that I am impolite or something but behave in same way others behave with me in other words “tit for tat”,  I was missing my parents a lot today though my mother is a person who always tried to stop speaking to me but I love her a lot. I don’t know why she would do that when asked whom she loves more in me and my brother, she would say me but then she would never talk to me, she would find reasons to stop talking to me.

Next day in college when I was getting down from the stairs with my friends shamili and preety, he was coming up, my friend shamili suddenly tried to scare me by saying “look there is a lizard over there”

I jumped terrified by her shout and skipped a step, I tried to find something to hold on to but I dint find anything and fell directly on siddharth ,we both fell rolling. I got hurt on my head. Well we reached the ground he was on me, I said sorry and I gained unconsciousness.

“hey riya! Get up!”,he said shaking me, when I dint he shamili and preety lifted me and took me to office room to get some help , he took the first aid box and treated the wound on my head with some ointment and then came the ambulance. sid shamili and preety came with me to hospital but why did sid come? I wondered later .

When I gained consciousness sid was not present, I thought good for me. Doctor said I was absolutely fine and can attend the college from next day. That day when I went online on facebook I read many messages. 50 friend request ugh! I thought messages everyone messaging hiiii  or heyyyyyyy, why so many I’;; and y’s I wondered then I saw a message Siddharth Sharma “hi hw are you “,I visited his profile ,he sent me friend request too. I thought  whether to accept him or not and accepted the friend request and replied “ya m 5n m sorry that I felt on you”, and went offline.

Next day I wore a pigeon green chudidar and in college as I entered the class sid came up to me and asked “how are you?”,

I said “I am fine thanks and sorry about yesterday” to which he replied “itz okay “,and he then went away and when I turned towards the class I saw whole class looking at me in amazement and gossiping about me. I don’t know why but that was first time when I kept a bit thoughtfull expression on my face and thought why am I changing?

As I went up to my bench shamili enetered the class and came running to me and said “ hey I am so sorry about yesterday I should’nt have scared you in  that way yesterday “,

I said “itz okay leave it”,

my friend preety said “by the way she is lucky to fall on siddharth, u should actually thank shamili u know what when you people fell on ground he was staring at you for a while differently”

I said “ would you stop talking non sense I would never like to do that”, as I spoke to my friends I couldn’t face their eyes but why?. I wondered why is all this happening meeting of our gazes and falling on him what is all this happening?

Then shamili said “hey after two dayz its freshers party”, it was then that I remembered about freshers party, just then our class a gang of 5 girls came up with their boy friends, one of them Shalini said “ huh! Look at you desi small town girl with desi dress”,

and started laughing I stood up aggressively and said by making a direct eye contact confidently“Well atleast I am not shameless like you! Though you have enough money it does’nt seem you have enough money to the lower part of your dress, what a pity, shall I buy one for you ? atleast I have enough money to cover me upto an extent not like you half nude exposing off to boys trying to flatter them”,

she said “how dare you”

to which I replied “well if I don’t have dare to say this you don’t at all have the right to talk wrongly about me or my indian culture got it! You better get it!”,

to which she said “rohan ! why don’t you say anything “, to her boyfriend, her boyfriend said” oh bye I should leave, my mom is calling me” and went away

she looked away showing attitude angrily and went away saying “ u’ll pay for this “

to which I said”, we’ll say who will pay for what”, and she went away.when I turned my face I saw sid staring at us he heard total conversation once gain our gazes fixed on each other and I somehow again managed to move my eyes and went and sat in my place . I decided to wear a red modern saree much of designers type with heavy work on it to freshers party after going home .

Finally the day arrived after which everything changed. They were celebrating freshers party at a big function hall type in the front of beach in goa and we had to start today to goa along with students and faculty members. When we arrived the airport , in the plane some guy sat near me I donno him but he was completely staring me and trying to fall on me without any reason, it became intolerable. I got up and asked shamili and preety to exchange the places with him but he was not ready to move then I asked faculty for another seat. they showed me a place next to siddharth and said only that is available I thought oh no! no way and went and sat at my place.

I thought to myself sid is guy atleast he will not behave like this . then I went and said to my mam okay I will sit in that seat and wondered how will they understand my problem. They took me to that place and sit here and I sat there. He sat quietly for a while listening to songs from iphone5 and  and reading a novel .even I brought a novel took it out and started reading. he noticed the book and turned to see the cover of his book and said “ hey we are reading the same book “,

I looked at him surprisingly and I said “oh what a coincidence”, then he looked at the book with a smile on his face and started reading again ,first time I saw him smile and some happiness aroused in my heart to but why by seeing him smile? I turned my concentration on book and started to wonder really what a coincidence same novel! And I don’t know when I fell asleep finally. I woke up when the airplane was about to land and found myself sleeping on his arms. I suddenly woke up looking here and there a bit scared and he said “itz okay you fell asleep and I dint feel like waking you up itz really okay”,

to which I calmed down.and got off the plane.and went directly to hotel freshed up freahers party was at 4:00 in even and we reached at 11:00 we have much time and all my friends have gone to beauty parlors to do make up and stuff. I went out with shamili she was a bit poor so she dint go to parlour . we went to see goa, we purchased few things and saw many places and came back by 2:30 and began to get ready,I wore the saree and let loose my hair.

After getting ready my friend looked at me in amazement and said “ you look like an angel you look so beautiful! So beautiful saree I guess itz very costly how much is it”,

I said “ it is quiet costly,lets go now we are getting late”,

there was separate bus for girls and boyz. As I climed the bus I saw all girls dresses mordernly with barely any dress on them I walked confidently and spotted 2 or 3 people who wore a saree , everyone looked at me in amazement. In half an hour we reached the place ,boys reached before us. When all girls were getting down the bus, they were looking at everyone drinking something. as I got off the bus everyone gasped, some body even whistled.

I walked with preety and shamili who wore simple dresses into the hall and then started the performances . I was called upto stage to sing a welcome song on god. I sang a god song after finishing the song I got standing ovation from many people as I got down the stage my 2 friends appreciated me a lot and said “how come you never said us that u sing so fabulously!” they said

“thanks”, I said. then there were many dance performances and many dramas after that we ate, there was even wine so I decided to be careful. Then I saw sid looking so gud in black suit even he saw me. I turned my gazes as soon as he saw me. one of the servants came and served me some orange fruit juice . my friends said common its just a fruit juice drint it!”,

I drank it and suddenly started to doze off my friends were talking with someone else so they didn’t notice then I saw sid coming towards me hurriedly and caught hold onto me. everyone turned there attention here as I dozed off and there was something like foam coming out of my mouth. Sid and faculty members took to the nearest hospital and the doctor detected poison in my body and a police case was filed and the convict was that girl Shalini and her friends they were sent to jail.

Next day I woke up and saw doctor in my room who said I was fine just needed some rest. I went to police station thinking about the future of those girls. I dint wanted their future to be spoilt. I took back my case and got them out on bail. They came out and said “we are very sorry we just wanted revenge but we dint expect you to come and get us out of here thank you so much from today we will never hurt you. Please friendship with us”they said as they said these I saw the change in them and their attitude and thought for a while.

I said” I don’t know whether to trust you people or not but okay I don’t want to make you my enemy either so okay”

To Continue Click on Page Below…

