Love Short Story – Brain Dumps (Life after love)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love:  Love is something as if oddly, you were waiting for someone but you dont know who they were until they arrived.

NOTE : To fall in love is to be reminded of a frustration that you dint know you had…. ;)

As psychoanalysts say that the person you fall in love with, are the persons whom you already had a dream of being in relation.

The thing is same with my love. I recognized her with such certainty because i already knew her in certain sense.

Things often happened to me when i was in love:

Things fall blur when she is in front of me and my eyes zoom into her eyes.

 I used to rehearse what to speak to her over phone and often end up saying nothing.

 used to constitute things happened to me to complete this question,

———— made ur day perfect??

and every time her presence with me and her thoughts filled that blank.

 started praising the music composer after realizing the song which he made was exclusively for me.

 Things happening to me after our breakup:

I end up giving a plain page if i was asked to list out good things about me.

 pain took over me and sitting in silence means a lot .

 started spending time with people over 70 yrs and below 6 yrs, saying myself they are true.

 im not weak but tears roll over my cheeks for no reason..yes im weak.

 i started smiling to the smallest things and realizing its a fake one.

 Empty pocket and Broken heart teaches the best lessons of life.

 

BULL S**T…. Dont love… Its all OXYTOCIN taking over u…

How can u hand over ur personal feelings to the person who cares them the least. Refocus on your life.

Just enter into the matrimonial site and search for the good looking girls, they dont care your color, your personality, they r just concerned about ur salary which should atleast be 4 times of their salary.

I mean they love the successful people. they give shit to the fails.

Try to get your dream life as hard as you try getting girl. your energy at getting girl is phenomenal, shift that positive energy toward your success.

Try not to waste your feelings over a fake relation, which never existed except in ur dreams. you just dream bondage. come out of it.

Now life seems more colorful, with multiple opportunities… now a person can feel the bliss of beauty in the nature than searching for it in ur girlfriends pics.

U can again enjoy the beauty in the music than for searching in the messy lyrics.

As always said if the wrong people leave our life, the right things start happening.

Life is like CANDY CRUSH, new opportunities always occur in no time… Plenty of Fish in the sea my friend.

__END__

