College Love Story – THE “B”

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

What we really expect to have in our life is not we really love to have it.

 Life needs something more than we imagine to make our dreams come true or make us much happier.

This is all about a boy who dreams of a girl to be with her forever and ever…

K is a guy who really plans for his life to reach a certain road to make his journey safe and secure. But his fate chose a different road for him.

 K is a person who really takes no care of people surrounded. At least he tries to pretend to be that way… But beneath of his heart he is perfect man who really cares his family, friends and even his pet. He spent his whole life judging every people he meets every day. He truly believes in love of his life…

 To get the girl of his life he went through rough days. Actually that leads him to good girl he really deserve.

His story started when he faced his first of his college to get a bachelor degree in computer science. He is middle class guy who wants to make him a rich man.

The very first day his eyes flattered when he saw a most beautiful girl who is very popular in his college. The very first moment her smile made him to fall for her. He then realized that his dream come true. He really loves to talk with her. But she always with bunch of boys and girls.so he stopped going further excluding watching her. By the way she is “A”.

He went to his class to know new people and make friends of them. He picked a place to sit from last second row and he sat over there and watching everyone. Days are passing like clouds he was sick to go to his classes. So he left college for few days. After 8days, he finally decided to attend his class.

The next day, he was waiting for the bus to reach his college. Bus came and then he climbed the steps and sat in a seat which is two seated. Bus started going further and stopped in the next point. “A” just entered, there was no place in the bus only beside “K” she walked near to him and sat beside him. He didn’t saw her coming when she sat beside him and said hello to him. Then he saw her for face and shock. He was seeing her face like years after sometime she again said hello and he came back to his senses and said hi. She just smiled at him.

Later sometime he asked her about her course which she chose. She said Electronics. Her face was shining like a sun in the early morning. She was talking to every person in bus even nerds. He thought very high of her. Bus reached his college. And everyone went to their classes.

He sat in his usual place and watching everyone as I said earlier. He saw a guy walked into the class who seems like a musician. His name is “R”. R walked near to him and sat beside him. R and K started talking. R saw a most beautiful girl in his class even K was watching her. Besides these two no other guy was watching her. Because she is so mean to every guy in the class. She is manipulative, sarcastic, jealous and fugitive last but not least she is the most gorgeous girl in his college. She is “B”.

B have lot of following when it comes to boys she is a queen. She manipulates them and makes them her minions. All his classmates became her body guards, servants and sometimes secret agents. He thought she is a black sheep in girls. So R and K enjoyed by watching her minions which made them close. They became close friends. Later K and R started talking with few other students and became friends with S, V, N, and J.

S is a poor guy and rich in character. He is one of the sweetest guys in K’s gang. He is bike racer actually. And coming to V, he is short tempered and master in fighting. He is very much interested in politics. J came from middle class family. He lost his father when he was 9. Her mother is a chef. He is not interested in anything not even his studies and N is a very insecure person who treats a person according to his status. K knows his character but he behaves proper with him. They formed a gang and became very close friends.

He was just going back to his home within the same bus. He just saw her when he entered in the bus. There is lot of space in the bus but she called him and made him to sit beside her. She started conversation by asking about his day.

She asked “How is your day???”

 He replied “yeah good and how about you???”

 She said “fine” and smiled at him.

 He asked “why are you smiling at me??” in nice manner

 She replied “because you are the only person who was just seeing my face while talking with me” And smiled even he smiled this time.

 “Actually you are so cute” she said to him.

 He smiled and thought to ask something but he felt shy to ask her…

 She saw him and when he turned his head towards her she pretended like not seen him

 And he finally asked “Are you in relation?”

 After that he just turned his head towards window

 She asked “what kind of relationship you mean?” and smiled

 He again asked “do you have boyfriend?”

 She turned towards him and said “I think its no.”

 He smiled

 “Why?” he asked

 She replied “no one proposed me??? Actually no one is interested in me.”

 He said “no not at all. You are so cute I don’t believe it”

 She said “yes it is and you know no care me”

 And also she said “why going to that extent tell me about me… are you interested in me??”

 He thought of telling “yeah I’m not interested in you… I’m in love with you…”

 But he didn’t said that and replied “yeah of course”

 She smiled and started listening to songs.

Time has passed…he reached his home then he left…

 He went to his bed room and he took shower. He was lying on the bed and started thinking of her… suddenly he got a message… he ignored it and continued with his thoughts… but again he got a message… he took his phone and saw those messages…they are from unknown number saying “hi” and “hello”… he messaged back asking “who are you???”…He got reply from that unknown person by saying “your bus angel”.

He was surprised and happy…he replied “hey how you got my number?”

 She replied “I have my own ways to get u”

 He smiled and messaged back… they talked via messages for hours and then finally she said “bye” even he said “bye”… and then he tried to sleep… after some time he got another from her saying “you asked me wrong question”

 He saw that message and asked her about it… she then replied “wrong question is how you got my number??”

 He smiled and then he asked “what about right one???”

 She then replied “why you got my number from someone instead of asking me???”

 “Yeah” he said…he asked her.

 Then she replied “I will tell you tomorrow in person”

 And again said bye…”okay” he said and fell in sleep…

 Next day… In bus

 She walked into the bus and looking for him.

 He was sitting in last seat…and he waved his hand to her

 She smiled and walked towards him…she sat beside him…

 They saw each other and smiled…and there were no words between them for 5 min…

 And finally k asked “tell me now”

 She replied “what??”

 “Yesterday’s thing” he said

 She smiled and said “what did u think about me taking your number???”

 He said “it was cool actually I want to know the reason”

 She was silent for 20 sec and then said “I didn’t know how this happened?? And I was not in this situation before…but what I care is my feelings for you”

 He was so happy listening to those words and he was silent… he wants to know more…

 She took deep breath and said “I think I’m in love with you” and she saw his face he was happy… she smiled at him and then he said “I Love you”

 Even she replied “I love you too” and they both smiled…

 By the end of this conversation they reached their college…they went to their classes…

 He walked to the class so happily he wants to share his remarkable moment with his friends…but he suddenly ran into B…he dashed her…

 He said “sorry”

 B: where some glasses you A**

t*h”

 R was laughing and said “yeah I know”

 K: you know no one will make her their love of his life…she is just a passing cloud”

 R: she is not passing cloud…she is passing pig

 K:”yeah” he said and laughed…

 R: I think she is lovable

 K: no she is not at all worth full to being loved

 R: she has lot of student following man

 K: they really expect something else other than love…she is worthy to give them what they expect…

 R: even I’m interested in getting more from her…

 K saw his face and again they both laughed…

 She overheard their words and walked near to them…

 B: you idiots how dare you to talk about me??

 K: you just mind your words

 R: yeah otherwise we will blast your face…

 B raised her hand to slap R but K held her hand very tightly…

 And they pushed her away…she saw them ferociously and walked to her friends…

 They again laughed…

 Every one of his gang came to the class…so he remembered that thing with A and thought to tell that to his friends…but when sir arrived to his close…he skipped the part sharing…

 He was not focussed on the thing what was going on in the class…he lost in thoughts about A…He thought that his life was perfect and he got everything which he need…so he was happy…meanwhile class was finished and went to have lunch…they went to college canteen…and their he saw B again…she was staring at him…he turned his eyes towards A who was behind B sitting with her friends…even she saw him and smiled…

 Days have passed and things between K and B were far worse…at the same time K and A became more comfortable with each other…

 After few days he finished his exams and he have plans to celebrate his college free days…he went to movie with his friend who stay near his home…he enjoyed that day…and returned home…he forgot to keep his phone with him…he checked his phone…R called him several times…so he called back…

 R took his call and said “where have you been all this time??”

 He said “I was in movie with my friend”

 R: it is party time man…there is a great news u has to know this”

 K: what happened???

 R: N fell in love with most beautiful girl…by the way she is from our college

 K: wow great news…

 R: he is introducing her to us

 K: when and where???

 R: In N’s home he is throwing a party at 8

 K: I will be there…

 Even he thought to say his big news to them

 At 8

 K went to N’s home and every one was waiting for him…

 He said hello to everyone and sat beside R in a sofa…

 And every one was waiting for the girl who made N to fall in love…

 N walked into his home with her girl…when he introduced her to everyone…

 K just holds his breathe she is none other than A…

 He was looking at her…even she saw him and pretended like she doesn’t know him…actually he was played by her…she is a two faced girl who will fortunately fall for every other guy who have good looks and a vehicle with few bank cards…he just bailed his party and walked away… he went to the bar and he took few vodka shots and thinking of her… Actually he went to bar and restaurant where B and his friends came to have dinner over there…B saw him and she understood his disappointment by his expression…she walked towards him and said “hi”

 K was in shock at the same time he said “hello”

 B: are you good???

 K: yeah

 B: you seem like having some trouble

 K just smiled…

 B sat beside him and said

 B: whatever differences we have… you need a friend right now…at least someone who knows you…

 K smiled again and started telling his story…

 B listened his version of story…and said

 B: there is no thing called love of life… if it really exist you don’t know that even if she is in front of you…

 K just agreed with her and nodded his head…and saw her face…

 She just smiled at him and said

 B: I don’t know who deserve love and who is worthy to love??? But you are one of them… you deserve love…

 After that she just smiled at him and said bye…and walked away…

 He went to his home and was lying on his bed thinking of B…

 Actually B makes use of boys to do her works…who expect something else other than love…

 B manipulates every guy in her college…to make them sick of her and to choose love over something else…

 She is sarcastic to the persons who act as friends to her and barks behind her…

 She was jealous of lovers because no boy in her college who is behind her makes her comfortable and makes her to feel lovable…

 She is fugitive because she doesn’t want to be a part of any thing where everyone is pervert…

 She has this quality which makes her special from every other girl…that is if she finds his friend or enemy in trouble she confronts them to make them feel better…

 She made few boys her servants…but she didn’t play with them in the name of love…

 No one believes if I say she is best example for love of life or dream girl but it is true…

 Girls like B make every one’s life perfect.

 Girls like B are essential to our life to make our dreams come true…

 Girls like B are not really expected by us but they will become beautiful part of us…

 With these thoughts he fell in deep sleep…next day morning he ran to college to talk with B…

 When he reached his class…B was staring at him ruthlessly…and she said we are no different… she again staring at him seriously as daily…

 He walked to his place with smile…

–END–

