My Dream Love Story

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It’s a pleasant day with the sun rising in the sky, making the world awake from its deep sleep. Birds are flying in the sky singing in a cute voice. A little bird humming in cute voice entered into a beautiful garden having many flower plants and trees surrounding a mansion situated exactly in the middle of the garden.

The bird slowly landed onto the edge of a window and started singing in its cute little voice. Though it is pleasant to hear, it disturbed the girl sleeping inside the room. She is fully covered with a blanket, but little open, revealing her pleasant face. She is pretty and perfect in look with charming eyes, curved pink lips, and silky soft black hair covering half of her face. By visualising the smile on her cute lips, it is clear that she is seeing a beautiful dream in her deep sleep.

Dream Sequence of the girl – “I have dressed in a white frock, having a floral design studded with white and navy blue stones. I perfectly got fit in that frock, looking like as if it is specially designed for me. I am standing in front of waterfalls, enjoying the beauty of nature and its silent whispering sound. Suddenly, I felt a hand on my waist which dragged me forcibly and embarrassed me into a deep hug, throwing me into the pool of shock and confusion. After some time, when I felt the grip getting looser, I tried to see the face of that force which pulled me into the strong arms.”

It is when she got disturbed by the voice of bird and the tickling rose petals falling on her face due to the pleasant breeze blowing inside through the window. She slowly opened her eyes gazing towards the window and smiling at the dream she had seen. Her cheeks turned red as she is blushing hard thinking about the dream which is seen by her every morning. Though she is blushing, she is little disappointed as she did not see her soul mate even today. Since many days, it is the only dream seen by her daily and she is desperate to see her dream boy’s face. But in vain, it never got revealed in her dream. Every night, she sleeps in a hope to have a glimpse of his face and wakes up in disappointment as usual.

#_#

(to be continued…)

