Love Short Story – Shattered

Photo credit: 

 from 

I hid behind my bedroom window and glanced at Russell, the guy that I have been crushing on since grade 5. Did he just moved across the streets?

I could feel myself jumping with excitement.

This means no more sneaking around in school just to see his face… Jeez I’m such a creep.

I need to get dressed, I can’t look like a hobo in front of him! Even though we probably wouldn’t meet but hey you never know! I’ll be waiting and when the time comes, he’ll see me looking cute and fabulous and not with a bird’s nest on top of my very head.

 

After a few brushes of makeup, just enough to cover up the imperfections, I’m ready to get my man’s attention.

Today is going to be the best day of my life! I just knew it.

Just when I had my hopes up, it just had to be crushed by the wicked witch of the west a.k.a. my stepmother.

My life is no Cinderella story, I only have one evil stepsister and my father is still alive, he abusive though, whenever he comes home drunk, but he only hits me and not the other two devils. Don’t know why, that’s just life. But.. My stepmother and stepsister, Amber, also treats me like sh*t so.. Hm I guess my life is almost like a Cinderella story, just without the magic, talking animals, pumpkin carriage or Prince Charming. Maybe Russell can be my Prince Charming.

Silvia, my stepmother, storms into my room with that hideous thing she called daughter and yanked my hair.

I cried in pain, holding onto my throbbing scalp for dear life.

“What?!” I snapped.

“The Zerixs are coming for lunch, go make some food right now!” She ordered.

What why?

Awww you’re helping me to meet my soul mate? Now that’s just sweet.

“Sure, how does smoked rats sounds eh?” I joked.

“Just cook something that will entertain the tummy.” She said rolling her eyes.

“Or, we could just order pizza?” I offered.

Everyone lives pizza.

If you don’t, you’re just not human.

“I don’t have time for your silly jokes, just get to work!” She yelled, storming out my room.

“Russell Zerix is so hot!” Amber gawked causing me to cringe at her caked face.

“Kay kay, now get out of my room.” I said pushing her out the door.

I fixed my hair into a neat waterfall braid and went down to the kitchen to make some lagsane and spaghetti for lunch.

I’m too kind aren’t I?

I finished and placed the dishes on the table right when the doorbell rang.

The Zerix family came in the kitchen and I removed my oven mitt.

I stared at Russell looking so fine in his white v-neck and dark jeans. Wait, we are kind of matching… That made me blush especially when he glanced at me. I looked away, feeling my face heating up but Silvia just had to ruin whatever moment we had.

“Go prepare some drinks for us sweetheart.” Silvia said, with a ‘play along or you’re dead’ look.

I rolled my eyes and muttered a soft “Yes, mother.”

I poured water into a glass pitcher and threw in a few cuts of lime and lemons and ice cubes.

I poured it to everyone’s glass but when I went to Russell’s side of the table, I started feeling nervous and I could feel myself trembling. My heart was beating against my ribcage and I almost fall when I tripped over my own foot but before I could kiss the ground and embarrassed myself even more, Russell stood up and ran over to save the day. His left hand was on my waist and the other was on top of my hand that was holding the glass jug.

I gulped and stood back on my feet.

“S-So-Sorry” I stuttered.

“Let me help you, this is quite heavy.” He said taking the glass jug from me.

“N-no, you’re my guest.” I said as I tried to take the jug back. I am in so much trouble. Who knows what Silvia and Amber is going to do with me.

“It’s fine sweetie, I think you’ve done enough work for today. I mean, I assume you were the one who made our lunch?” Mrs Zerix said. She reminded me of my mom, so kind and gentle.

“Uh-I-” I was going to say yes but Silvia cut me off.

“Of cours not! Amber made this all for us. Isn’t that right sweetie?” Silvia insisted.

“Yes I did.” Amber said proudly.

I was so mad but yet I wanted to laugh at the same time. Amber plus kitchen equals to a burnt house.

“Then why was she holding an oven mitt earlier.” Mr Zerix gestured towards me.

Silvia looked at me with a ‘DO SOMETHING YOU TWAT!’ look. I sighed and stepped into the conversation “I was only taking out the lasagne while mother and Amber opened the door for you. I can’t cook, I will only burn the house down.” I chuckled fake-joking.

Mr and Mrs Zerix nodded in understanding.

“Very well, let’s dig in before the food gets cold.” I suggested, clasping my hands together.

I took my seat between Amber and Mrs Zerix.

Oh how I wish to sit beside Russell… Why do Amber gets to sit beside him?

I was going to take a slice of my lasagne when Silvia commented on my action.

“y/n sweetie, don’t you think you’ve gained enough weight? Are you sure you want to eat that?” She smirked.

She knew I’m mostly insecure about my body and here she is making fun of me right infront of everyone. In front of Russell.

I let go of the spoon and just sip my drink quietly.

“She’s growing up, she needs to eat. And honey, you look beautiful.” Mrs Zerix complimented, looking at me with a motherly look and I thanked her kindly.

“This is really good, what did you put in it to make the flavour so deep and vibrant?” Mrs Zerix asked Amber.

“Uh- what did I put in it?” Amber asked again.

I swear I was about to burst out into a hysterical laughter but I covered it with a coughing fit.

Every one on the table looked at me weirdly and I apologised for my rudeness.

We all payed our attention back to Amber.

“I.. Uh I put in uh.. Salt and pepper? Uh that little white thing that smells so bad. It’s weird huh?” She laughed nervously.

“You mean garlic?” I asked with a grin.

“Right garlic that’s the world.”

“Why of course you did, those are only the basic ingredients.” Mrs Zerix replied.

“Don’t we have an announcement to make?” Silvia cuts in.

Awwee things were just getting juicy over there.

“Uh yes, I guess so..” Mr Zerix muttered unsure.

“What is it mom?” Amber asked, clearly thankful that the tension was not on her anymore.

They are probably having a business collaboration or something, nothing important… I took my glass and drank the cold liquid.

“Russell, Amber…” Mrs Zerix said also unsure.

Silvia couldn’t wait no more and spit out the news.

“THE TWO OF YOU ARE GETTING MARRIED NEXT MONTH!”

My eyes widened and I felt my lungs gasping for air but all I got is water down my pipe causing me to choke oh so unattractively.

WHAT!

HOW?

WHUTT?

WHAAAA…

Maybe this day isn’t as great as I though it’d be…

Maybe Russell is not my Prince after all…

###

