Funny Love Short Story – Oops! I Flirted

Photo credit: 

 from 

“You always order vanilla cappuccino,” Rashi said as I ordered.

We were in Café Coffee Day.

“I love vanilla,” I said.

We occupied a red couch. Rashi wore pink top and her earrings had matched with the top. Girls do like to match things.

“You remember Tanya? You met her last Sunday,” Rashi said sipping her coffee.

“Your model friend, right?”

“Hmm. She is sitting right behind you,” She said as I turned back.

“She is so cute,” I said just to tease her “See, how well she is interacting with her guy.”

Rashi started observing her. When they saw each other, they exchanged fake smiles.

“Don’t go on her cute face. She is not even worth being talked,” Rashi told me. I love it when I see a girl getting jealous of other girl.

“Why?” I asked.

“She is quite snobbish. She doesn’t give a damn to anyone as if she is a beauty queen or what.”

“Oh c’mon, every good looking girl is like her,” I said teasing her further.

“I never behave the way she does.” Rashi said.

“I am talking about good looking girls,” I said.

Rashi avoided the eye contact. She became sad for what I said. She didn’t look at me for a few seconds.

“

 you took it otherwise. You’re in the category of the best looking girls,” I said as she instantly smiled. Flirting always works.

She picked a tissue paper from the table, crumpled it and threw it to me.

“

” I murmured as if it hurt me badly “Your eyes were enough to kill me and now you need something else too.”

“Why don’t you start a coaching institute where you can teach people how to flirt?” She was laughing.

“First, praise a girl and then get ready to be tagged as a flirter.” I said as she continued to laugh.

I pretended to make an upset face and started looking somewhere else. She, in no time, stopped laughing. Girls are Girls. They never know when a boy pretends to be upset. They shower all the love on you at that time.

“I am sorry,” she spoke slowly. There she was, trapped in my drama. It was her turn to shower the love on me.

“It’s okay,” I said as soon as she spoke ‘I am sorry’.

“What’s okay? I haven’t completed my sentence yet,” She suddenly went on a higher pitch.

“What?” I was perplexed.

“I-am- sorry,” she said having a pause among these three words “Don’t think I am going to say these three words,” She started laughing again. Girls are not always Girls. She might have known I wasn’t upset thus she unveiled it very cleverly.

“Cheater,” I pinched her cheek.

“Flirter,” She started it again.

“Okay I accept I flirt but I do it in an extraordinary manner,” I said.

“Would you enlighten me what you mean by extraordinary here,” she asked.

“I mean I can impress any girl. To be precise any girl I want can fall in love with me.”

“Is it so?”

“It is,” I said extending ‘is’ a bit.

“So you have to prove it,” She said.

“Anytime madam anytime.”

“Don’t get too excited. I will give you a chance soon,” Rashi said in a way she was really serious with me doing all this.

We left Café Coffee Day.

 

 

Rashi

and I were hanging out in Oberoi Shopping Mall.

“Coffee?” She asked as she saw Metro café. The café had transparent glasses so that people walking past the café can clearly peep in what’s happening over the coffee.

“Sure,” I said walking towards the café’s direction.

“Stop,” Rashi said as we were about to enter the café.

“What happened?” I asked as she pointed to a girl sitting in the café. We were still standing outside of the café.

“So?”

“

, she is Tanya,” she said as Tanya was not facing us. I wondered how Rashi could recognize her from her back.

“If she is Tanya, then?” I said thinking what I had to do with her.

“You go and attract her by your extraordinary flirting,” Rashi said.

“Are you serious?” I said in a funny way. “I mean we just had fun that day. Do you really want me to do all this.”

“So accept you lose the challenge,” She said with tiring expressions.

“As you wish. Don’t blame me in future when I have two girlfriends,” I said entering the café.

“I will never blame. Go,” she said pushing me in. I had thought she would stop me but she was serious in a funny way.

“Hi Tanya,” I said as I approached Tanya. Rashi showed thumbs up standing outside of the café.

“Hi Vibhu,” Tanya said.

“Actually I was waiting for Rashi to come here,” I paused. “So I thought I should join you until then.”

“That’s fine. I was getting bored too sitting alone by the way,” She said as I drew a chair for me.

“Coffee?” she offered.

“Thanks. I just want to have a glass of water,” I said.

She called a waiter to get a mineral water bottle. The waiter brought a bottle with two glasses for us.

“So how is everything?” I asked.

I did say Rashi to attract any girl easily but only I know how uncomfortable I get when I talk to an unknown girl.

“Everything is fine. You say how it’s going with Rashi?” she said.

“It’s going nicely,” I said.

I had come here to attract her and now I didn’t have words to extend the conversation. I saw through the transparent glasses, Rashi was giving me a mischievous smile. 

I wanted to say.

“She is very lucky to have you,” Tanya was surprising me with the way she was talking to me.

“Why do you think so?” I asked whatever stuck to my mind.

“Every girl would like to have you as her dream-boy. You are so charming that set even my heart racing.”

I thought

“Rashi hasn’t come yet. I should phone her,” I said to change the topic.

“I love you,” She said. I didn’t believe what my ears just heard but there she was. She talked to me for the first time and proposed me for love. I couldn’t take it for granted.

“Excuse me,” I said standing up to leave.

She held my hand and requested me to sit for a while.

“I know you’re Rashi’s boyfriend,” she said.

“I love her,” I said still standing.

“So what? We can do arrange marriage then,” she said signifying me to sit. I didn’t want to sit but I was curious to know what one had to do with arrange marriage when in love.

“What does arrange marriage have to do with it?” I asked as I sat again.

“

 darling it’s so simple, listen,” she poured some water into my glass.

“See, if I get to marry my boyfriend, the one I love then it’s love marriage; and if I get to marry someone else’s boyfriend, the one someone else loves then it’s simply an arrange marriage,” As she completed the sentence, she started laughing badly.

I drank the water she had poured into my glass. “

 I thought as at once she proposed me to marry her and now she was laughing on me as if I was a fool.

“Okay,” she said stopping her terrible laugh.

No longer could I bear my presence with her. I stood up and came out of the café.

“She doesn’t seem to be attracted,” Rashi said as I came out.

“I lost the challenge, now let’s go,” I said.

“Now that I have won so you owe me a treat. Let’s go in for having something.” Rashi held my hand walking into the café.

I didn’t want to go in as Tanya was still there. Rashi started finding an appropriate place to sit

“Hey, why don’t we join Tanya,” She didn’t wait for my response and moved toward Tanya.

“Hey Listen,” I stayed there murmuring and she had joint her.

She was signifying me to come faster to join them. As I sat, I saw Tanya was still laughing seeing me.

The next moment I saw Rashi joining her too in the laugh riot. They kept laughing for a while and I was at my wit’s end.

“So Mr. Flirter, You want to open your extraordinary flirting tips to us?” Tanya asked me. I wondered how she knew I used the word ‘extraordinary.’

They started laughing again. I didn’t say anything.

“Actually, your meeting with Tanya was preplanned. I had asked Tanya to tease you,” Rashi said.

“Ohh so who wrote this beautiful script in which the Hero turns out to be a victim,” I asked.

“She is the writer, Vibhu,” Tanya patted her back.

“Your script needs to be edited,” I forwarded my hand toward Tanya. “Let’s go for arrange marriage.”

We all burst out laughing.

__END__

