Article – Some out of the box ideas for this Valentine

Photo credit: 

 from 

Valentine’s Day every year celebrated on 14 February with its own charm but why not make it a little more interesting this year why not give your beloved the surprise she has been waiting for the whole year round. Here are some unique ideas you can try this valentine to make it more interesting and lively.

This year why not take your beloved for a movie where a surprise of his or her life awaits. For this you need to go before hand to the theater and tell them to showcase your video before the movie starts in which you tell your feelings for him or her and how much you love him or her and your future plan. Make the video a short and crispy one. Maximum video length could be 2 minutes but do keep in mind the charges you are going to pay. After that you can go for dinner to a restaurant of his or her choice.

 This could cost a little heavy but if you are willing to pay then take her to the market where electronic advertisement screens are and there make them display a photo of two of you together with a caption “Made in Heaven Pair” or “Couple of the town” and then take her for a candle night dinner.

 This could be a good idea for adventure loving couples where in you take him or her for a planned safari but there the surprise of her life awaits her where in during night safari the park ranger would take you both on an elephant to a location where candle night dinner would be ready in store for your valentine or candle night dinner atop a tree house with arrangements for music and dance.

 Here your valentine is called up to the police station and told that he or she is arrested as they have stolen something from someone and put inside a dark cellar, suddenly the lights are turned on and you and a beautifully decorated table with gifts awaits him or her then the policemen come and say “We always want you two to be together otherwise we will bring you together” smiles and you both are brought out and outside a decorated taxi awaits your lover with whom you can now go for a dinner.

 Another surprise for fun and adventure loving people plus who are ready to afford the high costs where in you take him or her to a beach and fly off in a helicopter with him or her being blindfolded to a nearby island during night but before you land on the island you make her see down  wherein fiery letters would be written ” I Love You” then you touch down on the island and camp there whole night just the two of you.

__END__

