Husband Wife Love Short Story – The flat line

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was raining since morning that day; he stood near the window sipping his tea. Although the weather was pleasant, there was a storm going on inside his brains. Still he tried to keep calm and didn’t let it show on his face.

“Uncle when are you going to empty the cupboards? We’ve to clean” He heard a voice and turned towards the door.

“Give me some more time kid, come back tomorrow morning.” He pleaded. The maid left the room muttering in low voice to herself and he didn’t even bother to look back, it was usual for him. Dilip and his wife checked-in in this ashram around 15 years back. His kids left for US and left them behind promising that they’ll come soon once all is settled. Now after all these years he knew they never had any intention of coming back for them. Neeta used to get angry at him for not saying anything, for spoiling the kids, for giving away all the money way too early. But he kept his cool and told her it was their destiny. She has always been a hot headed one and he was her pillar, he knew how to handle her anger or may be he learned it over the years; after all it was a 55 years of marriage. He’s 85 now, and looking back at all those years gave him a shiver.

Neeta had a cancer, the doctors told them she hardly has any time left. They tried to convince their kids to come take them but got no response. “Too much work” was the reply they always got. In the end she said enough is enough, I don’t want you to call them when I’m gone.

“I’m sorry but I’ve to leave now, sorry I can’t be there till the end” she said as he held her hand.

She was on her deathbed and he didn’t know what to say. There was no one around and the silence was killing him. Never in his entire life had he imagined that he’ll be this helpless someday.

He tried to talk to her “Do you remember our honeymoon? We lost our luggage and you were so mad at me for losing all your shoes.”

A faint smile came to her face but she remained silent, she wanted to speak but couldn’t.

He continued “You remember you were so angry that you locked me in the hotel bathroom, god you were so wild. But you know that’s what I loved about you. You are the purest soul I’ve met in my entire life honey. I love you so much.” He was still holding her hand and it was getting cold now “I don’t know how my life would’ve been without you, I’m so glad you said yes to me.”

He couldn’t control now and a tear rolled down his cheek and landed on her hand, she tried to speak but words just didn’t come out.

What’s the use of all the hard work we did, what’s the use of all the money we saved? He was cursing himself now. All those friends who promised to be there till the end of the time, where are they now? He fought with her so many times so he could go out with his friends over drinks and he regretted all of it now. He wanted all that time back so he could spend may be just an hour more with her, every minute felt like a year for him now. He looked around the empty room and wanted to yell but he had to be strong in front of her. There was a beeping sound of the machine hooked to her and then it stopped and he saw a flat line on the screen with a long never ending beep.

She took her last breathe and he just kept looking at her. He couldn’t do anything for her and then reality struck, he was all alone now waiting for his time to come.

He continued sipping his tea looking at her clothes in the cupboard.

–END–

