Story of Love – Her Voice

Photo credit: 

 from 

The tape recorder was empty.

 He eased himself down on his rocking chair and breathed out a sigh of relief as he set his walking stick beside him. Leaning back, he closed his eyes.

 Life was coming to an end for him. He could feel it in his bones. It would not be long before he joined his wife again, the woman who was the love of his life. He remembered how the previous month she had set out to go to a party, one that she kept begging him to go to with her. He also remembered how he faked a headache and asked her to carry on without him. He watched as she walked out that door late that night and never came back. He felt as though he was to blame.

 “I miss you, my dear,” he whispered, trying hard not to cry. “Why did you have to leave me on our anniversary?”

 Reaching into his coat pocket, he pulled out a tape titled ‘Our Lives’ and slid it into the tape recorder. With trembling fingers, he pressed play and instantly, the room filled with her beautiful voice.

the tape started, and he heard her nervous chuckle. 

He shuddered at the way her voice shook as she said those words. His restraint broke and the tears escaped his eyes. Their love was deep, it always had been and the reminiscence was often bitter because he could not carry on alone. The one thing he hated the most about death was the memories it often left behind for the living to struggle with. That was exactly what was happening to him at the moment and he did not like feeling so empty. His heart had a hole that only seemed complete when she was around. Now, it was unfixable.

 In the background, she continued…

Yes, he wanted to shout. Yes, he did. He was shocked by how in his tape to her, he had talked about the same thing, though not with as much perfection as she managed. She was, after all, a writer and in all senses of that word, she knew how to make anything sound absolutely brilliant. But he had never told her that, had he? He had never appreciated her hard work or her enthusiasm for life. He never told her he loved her or that he was grateful to her. But somehow, she always knew. She was always there for him and that was what mattered the most to her. He wished she got to listen to his tape. It was the only decent thing he had ever done.

 Snapping away from his thoughts he got back to her voice.

His phone began to ring. But he didn’t care. Nothing mattered anymore. He thought back to the times when they had been trying to have children. It never really worked out for them and after the first two miscarriages he knew he could never put her through that again. That was when they had stopped trying. It was pointless and they both knew it. They were content with each other and nothing else seemed to matter.

Her voice. It had been the reason he fell in love with her in the first place. It sounded like music to his ears the day she got up on stage and read out a poem in front of their entire college. Everyone had eyes on her but he had his own closed. He did not need to look at her to know that she was the one. Her voice was more than enough. A lifetime of memories is all one can ever hope for and he had plenty. Now all that was left for him to do was to wait till he could go be with her. If he really had one wish it would be that he could go back in time to when she wanted to go out to that party and tell her that he would love to go with her. If death was coming for her, death would have to take him too. That was the deal. For better or for worse. In sickness and in health. Till death did them apart. But no, even that shouldn’t happen. He wouldn’t allow it.

 His phone began to ring again.

He smiled slowly, remembering their initial days. Even now, he was wearing the sweatshirt she hated and he promised himself he would never wear it again. He only did because she kept saying it looked good. Looking back at those times made him want to laugh despite the mood that he was in. As he shifted his weight in the rocking chair, trying to ignore the ache in his knees and the pain in his back that became a part of his life, he felt in his pocket another tape. Pulling it out, he knew that it was his own, the one that he recorded for her. But it was of no use now and he knew he would never be able to listen to it himself, so he threw it as far as he could and watched as it landed under their dining table.

He knew he was getting to the end of the tape and he wished desperately that he did not have to stop.

 “No,” he said slowly, trying to turn the tape back, to do anything so she did not have to leave him yet.

 He did not want her voice to go away, did not want for her to leave him with the same lonely emptiness but her last few words captivated him and he could not move anymore. He just sat glued to his chair, listening to her as tears rolled down his cheeks.

 

As the tape ended, he stared at it, his eyes moist, yet fully open as he replayed the last few decades in his mind. Just as he was about to get up, the main door closed with a thud.

 “That was loud,” he heard a familiar voice say and before he could react, his wife entered the room. 

“Oh my God,” he exclaimed. “You… You…”

 “What’s the matter with you?” she asked. “You look so… pale. Like you’ve seen a ghost or something!”

 “Are you really here?”

 Grabbing his walking cane, he attempted to stand when she pushed him back down.

 “Oh, you just relax, old man,” she chuckled. “Let me go make you some tea. I know it is our anniversary today, but we have that party to attend… Are you sure you aren’t going to come with me?”

 His head started to pound and he could not concentrate on her words. What had just happened over the last hour? Hadn’t he heard the words on his wife’s tape? Hadn’t their anniversary been last month? Was he dead? Was this heaven?

 As a million questions tormented his mind, she came back into the room.

 “The tape…” he said, looking at the recorder. “I just played your tape.”

 “What tape? The one we both decided to make? How did you get mine? I hid it in the bottom drawer of my closet! Were you snooping?”

 She had her hands on her hips, her face puckered up just the way he remembered it. But he couldn’t remember how he got her tape. He just knew he did.

 “Silly man,” she said, opening the tape recorder and pointing at it. “It’s empty. There is no tape inside. Have you been drinking again?”

 His whole world seemed to crumble. He could not understand what was real and what was not anymore. Everything seemed strange, as if his old age was playing tricks on his mind. His wife’s voice brought him back to the present.

 “I am getting late. You take care, alright? I will be back from the party before dinner so you and I can enjoy a nice meal.”

 “No, wait,” he said, standing up in a hurry and hearing his bones creak. “Look, I changed my mind. I want to come with you.”

 “Really?”

 “Yes, really. Wherever this… takes us, wherever we end up… I would rather be there with you than be left behind all alone…”

 “It is just a party, dear. But I am so happy you are coming along…”

 She waited patiently as he gathered his coat and they both stepped outside the house. The weather was pleasant, the cool breeze hugging them both.

 “By the way,” he said, as he closed the door behind them and took her hand. “Have I told you lately how much I love your voice?”

