I am on the terrace , engrossed in reading a book with my glasses put on as I feel glasses hide broken eyes. Suddenly I see a shooting star in the sky. Tears well up in my eyes as memories flash… of the person who have hidden in the deepest corner of my heart. I have locked all my thoughts behind the bars of my brain but i think today past wants me to read the pages of its story again.

I recall Arnav saying, “Arohi, look up. Its a shooting star. Lets wish for something.”

 “Don’t be stupid, Arnav. This all is fake. You know I don’t believe in such things”

 “C’mon , wish for me atleast, ” he had pleaded. We had been best friends and ofcourse colleagues so I gave in to his wishes. Later he had asked me, “What did you wish?”

 I had replied , “First you say.”

 Without even thinking for a moment Arnav had told me ,” Arohi I wished to stay with you forever and always.”

 “Really!!! Then I wished the same too, ” I had jokingly replied.

 That day I had joked but he tricked me with the biggest joke – he left me alone in this world and went far away from me.

On that ungrateful  day, Arnav had sent me an envelope. It contained a key and a note. The note read :

 Dearest Love ,

 This is the key of my heart. I want you to open it and stay there always. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. Can I hold your hand and never leave it ? Will you be my beloved and only mine forever ?

 Only yours ,

 Arnav.

My joy knew no bounds. I had also started loving Arnav. So i called me that very moment , ” I love you more Arnav and I want to meet you now.”

 “Yes baby I will be there in a few minutes. ”

Quickly I got dressed and went to buy a gift for Arnav. In my excitement and happiness I crossed the road hastily and got hit by a car. In fractions of seconds I got laid in a pool of blood. Everything became blur and I closed my eyes. I was rushed to the hospital and I think someone informed Arnav about .this accident. He could not bear this trauma and started driving rashly at high speed in the fear of losing me. The unfortunate mishap happened when he took a turn and unknowingly dashed into a tree. He was laying there unconscious. I wasn’t aware of all this as I was in the operation theater ; doctors trying to save my life. Arnav too was rushed to the nearest hospital.

Though apart we both were battling with life at the same time ; lying in the mouth of death. But destiny played its game. Neither did it let us stay together , nor did it let us die together. The moment my operation was successful he had breathe his last in the guilt of losing me due to his mistake as he thought I was coming to meet him. I came to know about all this after I regained consciousness and was completely fine. Hearing all this I was completely devastated but I collected all the broken pieces of my heart and continued living with his beautiful memories.

“The day we were going to be together

 He left me alone in this world forever ”

“Though our love story had a tragic end even before its beginning ,

 Our love for each other shall always remain beyond infinity.”

Remembering all these past memories I come across the key chain which had AA forever and always written which meant ARNAV AROHI FOREVER ALWAYS

 It was one of the gifts Arnav was going to give me on that day. I smile looking at the key chain and continue reading my book recalling Arnav’s words,

 “Everyone has a story to tell

 Each one is a writer

 Some stories are written in books

 While some are confined to hearts

 But after all

 Love stories never die…”

–END–

