“Hi, Jiya darling wake up, a pleasant surprise waiting for you “Susan roared.

Surprise! Oh My God, Today’s most funny news. Who will give me surprise? Oh! Guys, I forget to introduce me; Myself Jiya Mary Varghese, final year MBA student. Now, I am staying in College hostel located at Kochi. That was my roommate Susan, She is my best friend. Usually, holidays are blessing for us. No hurry berries, sleeping. I am damn sure, now you got my character.

“Time is 12 pm, you are too lazy dear”.

Susan, where is that surprise? Me, asked. What Surprise baby? She laughed at me.Oh! That was a dream. When I woke up, Susan was in well-dressed manner. “Day After Tomorrow, 14th Feb, I wish to give a special gift for him.  I am going and Madhav will come.” With a sweet smile, she left. Again Me and my long lasting partner “loneliness”.

Yes, valentine day is coming. When I was at my school days, never heard anything regarding this valentine day. I am a Village girl. I think that is the reason. But my college days, I also witnessed the celebration: roses are flying throughout the campus. Today, it’s not a celebration, part of our life. A Day for expressing love; I think, where is my love? How can I choose my true love? These days, is it possible? Thoughts are killing me.Really, I am starving now, I have to go mess hall. But this is not food time, and Lunch may be at 1 pm.Nothing I have bought yesterday. No Cookies for eating, what a pity am I. Ok guys, I am going to sleep till 1pm. Then only I can have my lunch. After a short break, will continue.

In a meanwhile, “Khabi alvidha na kahana,” Oh! Damn mobile phone is ringing. Again my sleeping disturbed, when I see that was my Amma. I missed her love these days. But this time, I couldn’t hear anyone’s word, I am severely feeling hungry.Oh! God 10 minutes to wait. Finally 1 pm, I am running to mess. As usual, nothing new, everything as usual. I whispered,-amma, really I miss your food and love. After having the lunch, I am walking toward the room. Someone come to me. “Hi Jiya, what is your next day program”. Nothing dear, college is working Na, and then will go. These village girls are always like, trendless, she murmured at me and left.

I Know, you will also bored at me Na? I am also having a mind with colorful dreams. My Appa is so strict in his attitude to us. We, three children, I am the eldest one. I have a brother and sister, they are also studying. Ours is a middle class family. But, there  exists deep love among us. Amma is a dedicative and loving woman. She cared us a lot. Though Appa is strict, He ensured to grow my talent. During my school days, I have learned classical dance from Bharathi Ammal, a famous dance teacher in our locality.  Ammal is a nice lady. That’s why, I loved dance and performed my level best. That time, I had long hair. Ammals’ view point, I have the features of a classical dancer. When hearing such words; I felt proud. Ammal had a son. He is a talented singer. During our dance programs, He was the singer. I felt, he was so arrogant. Always in serious looking.

One day, one of my friends told me, “Jiya, our teachers’ son has a crush for you”. I was excited. Next day onwards, I have observed. “Is he truly loves me?”Unfortunately, my observation failed, I couldn’t found anything”.  After several months, during our dance performance. Yes, two eyes looking at me that was he, Arjun, Ammal’s son. My friends told me, Arjun is a college student. I was at 14 years old and he looks like 21 or 22 years old.  Day by day, through eyes, we are talking with each other. Finally, dance practice over. Ammal had a health problem. I felt bad, tomorrow onwards, I couldn’t met Ammals’ son.

Then after my Plus Two, I met him at bus. We never see each other. When my station came, I ran out of the bus. That time, two eyes are catching me. When he looks at me, my body is shivering. Then I could not get a chance to meet him again. I went to town for study. Life in a new path. Modern, trend people are surrounding . I could met only actors and actresses. But, when I think my love, I feel some coolness in soul. “Without any words, love is possible. Yes, it’s possible when it from heart to heart.”

–END–

