Love is divine; Love is life; it’s a heavenly feeling which connects us with God. It’s a blessing to love and to be loved. But what if someone falls in love by breaking the societal laws-Which is Illicit Love?

She was a girl with high moral values-modern but simple, dignified and loyal- who would never go against her own principles and would never do wrong with anyone, always living in her own dream world.

He was a man of his world-noble, charismatic, popular, intelligent, focused and successful, simple down to earth person who could do anything for his family and for whom life was never easy.

Two different personalities; two different souls. Both were living two different lives but there bad luck made them crossed their paths.

Bubbly chubbily stupid funny girl for whom life is all about creating happy moments. Born in a simple middle class family she grew with her own beautiful fantasy of life with only desire- to fall in love, marry her love, grow old and die with her love. In the quest of finding her love she met Kaushik and fell in love at first sight. Kaushik was a good looking boy with a smile which could kill any girl.

They met and soon their love started. She could not believe that her dream to fall in love with her Mr. Perfect would come true as soon as at the age of 18. Time was flying with all the colors of love and romance.

After 3 years of relationship her dream of perfect love got shattered as she realized that the boy she was dating had been lying to her about himself in these many years. He was a compulsive liar-a mythomaniac.

After spending year of depression she decided to continue her studies and joined MBA. New life, new people and new friends. Life could not have been so perfect for her. She was bright and intelligent girl which gained her enough popularity both in college and hostel. She, while doing well in her studies, made good set of friends – Niharika, Alok and Vikram. They laughed, they cried, they cheered, they sorrowed. They were inseparable. Their friendship knew no limit.

After spending two years of togetherness they bid bye to each other to return home but with a promise to be in touch and to be friends forever. All of them moved on to make their career but never they forgot their promise- promise to be friends forever. They would meet every weekend (they all lived in same cities) as it felt incomplete without talking and seeing each other.

One fine day Vikram called Aakriti and told her that his training is completed and his assigned work location could be some other city. That day Aakriti felt some strange feeling and so did Vikram and they know it was not because of friendship. Aakriti didn’t want Vikram to go and Vikram could not dare to go far from his dear friends, more importantly Aakriti.

And then it started. Aakriti and Vikram- the most unusual pair.  Aakriti on one side was a smart, modern yet simple girl who was full of life and daring enough to challenge life. Vikram on the other hand was nerd guy with big round ancient spectacles on his chubby face. Innocent like child and intelligent like Einstein. They were not so special people on this planet but there love was. Selfless and eternal. They would go to temples to pray together, they would go to shopping together, they would always be togethe . Two body one soul. Aakriti knew no name other than Vikram. Slowly and happily 4 years of love went by and Aakriti and Vikram decided to disclose their relationship to their family.

Aakriti’s family, being the modern one, agreed to their alliance immediately but for Vikram’s conservative family it came as big cultural shock and they could not accept the fact that his Ram like son want to marry a girl of his own choice. It took a year for Vikram to make his family accept this relationship and finally they agreed for their wedding (though unhappily). Couple started dreaming and planning their life together.

But destiny had different plans for them.

Vikram’s mother could not bare the pain of losing her son to a gal whom she thought her son loves more than her and she emotionally pressurized Vikram to call off the wedding( Sadly strange but true). This happened with Aakriti. Vikram, obeying his mother’s order, not only called off the wedding but also left her alone to bare all the pain and insult. She cried and cried and cried- in office washrooms, while driving her car alone, by covering her face under blanket. She would wear goggles so that nobody could see her eyes filled with tears.

After struggling so much to overcome her pain she decided to change her job. She thought that new job would keep her mind occupied and new people would make her forget her past or may be herself. Yes she wanted to change herself; she wanted to forget herself; she wanted to forget her dream of falling in love and marrying her love.

Aman Sir

Good looking man with a beautiful heart. He was tough, he was strong, he was hard, he was fiery. But within his heart he was still a child who missed to live his childhood, who missed to see himself growing young. Who missed to live a life which most of the young people get to live.

Aman lost his elder brother when he was in school. One evening he was playing with his brother and next evening his brother was gone- gone to never return back. Young boy wanted to cry but couldn’t cry. If he would cry then who would look after his parents. People wipe off their tears but he drank his tears and took the responsibility of his family.

After completing his school he enrolled himself to distance learning programme to complete his graduation and decided to earn for his family. When boys of his age were enjoying their college life he was cleaning plates and tables at restaurants. He would work during day and study at night. He didn’t sleep for many nights so that his family could sleep comfortably. Aman forgot his life and dreams to fulfil his family’s small dreams and SOME BIG DREAMS TOO. He wanted to reverse all the pains his family had gone to.

Days went by and life had just started getting better that his luck took away his dearest mom too. He was still trying to forget the loss of his brother and now he lost his mom too. Life was playing a brutal game with him.

But as it says every night has its dawn. After many years of struggle his good luck knocked his doors. From starting his career as a cashier at some small restaurant he was now a manager in big reputed MNC. He was now an owner of all the luxury and was living a very happy and comfortable family life.

But was he really happy? Could money which he was earning now get him what he had lost earlier, Could this money return him his lost childhood, Could this money return him his time when he was young-time when he could have attended college, bunked classes, enjoyed sipping tea at college canteen; time when he could have loved someone, time when he could have enjoyed sun shine; time when he could have enjoyed rain, time which he could have spent with his brother and with his mother? Even though he had a family but he was still lonely, his heart was lonely; He moved on in his life but his heart was still stuck somewhere and was waiting for someone who could return him what he could never get.

Does miracle happen?

Aakriti found a new job for herself. New environment, new work, new friends. Aakriti was happy now. If not her heart but at least her mind was occupied. She would work during night and sleep during days. She had made a convenient arrangement with her life. This way she didn’t have to face her old friends, relatives and family. Her family was trying very hard to find a suitable match for her but she had lost the ability to trust people now. Her heart was hurt and so was her soul.

After 3 months of working in a new team, new manager was internally moved to her team and she had to report him. When she saw him first she felt attracted but the very next moment her feeling was gone and somehow she started disliking her new manager so much that she would not even say “Hi” to him and would not go to her workstation if he was around. Entire team loved him for his friendly- happy nature bur for her he was a successful rich arrogant man who would have never seen any hardship in life.

After a month had passed, Aman resigned from his job and his friends decided to go to Rishikesh. Day before leaving for the trip team party was also organized. When everyone was enjoying the party, Aman’s eye fell on Aakriti who was sitting silently at the corner of the restaurant. With some strange feeling he went to Aakriti and invited her to join them for trip. Aman could not understand why he asked Aakriti to come and to her own surprise Aakriti also agreed to come.

Trip started and in the mid-way on being insisted by one of her friends, Aakriti decided to switch the car in which she was sitting and went to sit in Aman’s car. Everyone was dozed off while Aman was driving and Aakriti was sitting next to him. To break the silence Aman started the conversation and those who never spoke to each other went on to talk and talk until they reach their destination.

During the trip Aakriti and Aman both realized how wrong they had been thinking about each other. At night when everybody went to sleep, Aakriti and Aman went for long a walk. Everything was so beautiful about that night. They were at top of the mountains, full moon was shining above and the beautiful Ganga River was flowing below the mountains. Cold breeze was tickling their bodies and their closeness was tickling their heart.

This beautiful trip had converted their animosity into friendship. By the end if the trip they realized that both of them had one thing in common and that was their pain, both of them were missing peace and happiness in their life. Trip to Rishikesh ended but their friendship trip started.

They started spending time in office. Aman started dropping her to home so that they could spend some time together. Every Friday before returning home they would go to places like India gate or Hauz Khas. Sometimes they would just go for drive and enjoy ice cream. They started sharing their time, their emotions, their happiness and their sorrows. They started finding peace and solace in each other’s company. In Aakriti’s company Aman got that joyful time back which he missed during his young days while Aakriti, being with Aman, got the security and satisfaction which she had been longing for from long.

Two months passed away and now it was Aman’s last day in the office. Both of them were quite worried as how they would meet now as Aman’s new office was 100kms away. Last day was now over and they had to leave for their home. While going back when Aakriti was thinking how they would continue their friendship, Aman suddenly asked “Aakriti do you want to continue this friendship?”. Aakriti worriedly said “Yes” thinking how it would be possible.

For Aman it was never impossible. Two days had passed and Aakriti was missing Aman so much. She was feeling so lonely without him. She decided to go to have a cup of tea outside office gate. While walking down the garden she saw Aman standing at the corner of the pathway and talking to a group of people. He saw Aakriti with a questioning smile – if she liked the surprise. And it started again. Once in a week after finishing his office Aman would drive down 100 kms to meet Aakriti and every Saturday he would come in the morning to take Aakriti for their usual long drives. Aakriti was happy that she has someone in life who could do anything to make her happy, whom she could trust.

With every passing day their fondness for each other was growing and they were finding it very difficult to pass a single day without seeing and talking to each other. That was the time when they realized that their friendship has converted into love. Yes they were in love now. All they wanted is to be with each other all the time. Their destiny was with them and soon after the love confession Aman got the job in company which was next to Aakriti’s company. Next was the timing issue as in order to be together they have to have the same timing. And this time also their luck was with them. Initially Aman got the different shift timing to work in but week after his joining he got the same night shift in which Aakriti was working.

Their happiness was beyond any definition. Love birds got the wings to fly. Now they were inseparable. With Aman’s presence Aakriti’s life was getting better and happier. Not only her personal life was changing but her professional life was also improving. With Aman’s help her performance in her team was also shining. Aman had fallen in love for the first time. For him falling in love with Aakriti was the most beautiful thing that had happened in his entire life. At the age of 36 life had given him a chance to do things which he could never to do when he was young.

They would sing, they would dance, they would go for long drives, they would go on trips, they would love to eat ice cream together. They would cherish their love in front of rising sun, in front of shining stars, in the rainfall, on top of the mountains. Their love was present everywhere. With Aakriti Aman celebrated his birthday for the first time. Now he knew what it means to celebrate friendship day, Valentine’s Day and most importantly he now knew how to celebrate life.

But their luck was not very fortunate. In spite of loving each other so deeply and selflessly,they knew that they would never get married. They are in love which is immoral,which is against the societal laws.

To fulfill his family’s BIG DREAM Aman married a girl of their choice when he was just 20 year old and now he is love with a girl whom he can never marry.

–END–

