An Indian Girl’s Love Story

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Cold breeze, sweaty tee, yet another beautiful day. I am coming back from my usual workout routine. I always love to look around for people from my country and every day i find atleast one of them to talk to about my place, my culture.

I am an orthodox man in mid fifties living in Ireland.  I am one among many more people who come here for a better living and miss India terribly. I was about to hop on to my bus, I see a girl in her mid twenties tensed, confused, in pain and so I let the bus pass by.

I was about to start a conversation and all of a sudden the girl comes running to me and says uncle, (Indians just call any one uncle and aunt, of course we love it) Can you please spare your time, I am about to make the most important and the toughest decision of my life. Before i can share it with my family i want someone else to hear me out first.

Sure why not its weekend and I love Indians so didn’t see any reason to say no.

The girl did not wait for my approval anyway, She started her story.

Uncle i come from a huge joint family from India and I am sure you can understand what i mean, If not let me tell you i live with my maa, papa, chotu, not my younger but my older brother but his name is chotu, my papa’s sister, her husband, their two sons and my dad’s younger brother and again his two sons. I know what you are thinking, so huge, right?

No beti i am just wondering..

She didn’t let me finish it so i just forgot what i was wondering.

I am the only girl in my family and all of them love me to the moon and back. You can’t even imagine how many weird things they can or did for me just because i asked them. I love them too and never want to hurt them either.

Now the things get complicated, First day at college everything was fine until i saw him.

Oh i thought to myself its the same old love story and She is afraid to put forward to her family, May be he is Irish, May be different caste, may be he is poor or may be he wants to go back to India with her, anyway i love love stories so i let her proceed and wanted to see if i can help her in anyway.

Like she read my thoughts, she said uncle stop imagining, listen to my story first.

What? she just scolded me?

It’s ok the story is interesting.

I was madly in love. He is handsome, well behaved, perfect job nice family and to top it of he is also head over heels in love with me.

Finally i got the courage to ask a question, So what’s the problem?

There was a long pause and She seemed to be like gathering some courage to speak up,

Nothing actually you can make it simple for me.

What? stop it girl give me a break, i don’t have any boys of your age so you mistook me for some one. I only have a 20 year old son and a beautiful girl of your age.

She stopped me and said that’s the problem uncle. I am not in love with your son and neither he is.

Oh my god!!!! What did you just say?

My world just turned upside down. You are in love with my daughter and so she is. I didn’t have the strength to even take a breath. I thought about my wife, she would definitely be in comma at least for three months after this. Now i know why my daughter was so particular about every one watching the ‘My Choice’ video, The one with Deepika Padukone in it. She made a choice.

I never thought my daughter was gay. I cried and then realized she is my daughter my love my world my everything. But its her life, her choice, her love. So i finally got up, kissed my to be daughter in law or son in  law or what ever and said its ok with me.

She started screaming, I know that uncle that’s not my problem now.

What?

Yes papa you have to talk to my family for me. There she stood smiling blushing and waiting for me to get trashed.

Papa forgot to mention they are really really orthodox and All my brothers are trained in Taekwondo.

Let’s go. Anything for my daughters.

__END__

