Just another love story

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was in 9th standard that time. She felt a change in herself and this was something new, completely different.

He was in the same school and the best part or we can say the worst part was they used to live in the same colony.

They were from a very small town where a boy and a girl can’t talk otherwise people will take it wrong as everybody was interested in other people life more than their own. So,all they can do was to see each other in school or from their terrace. They never talk, she wanted to talk but being a girl that time meant you can’t initiate the thing. So, she was just waiting for him to start but he didn’t say a word. God knows,what was he scared of. Two year passed like this.

They could just stare at each other for hours. She was as crazy for him as he was for his cricket. One day she was waiting for him to come on his terrace. It was around 7 p.m and the darkness was ruling allover, her hope was still alive that he will come but he didn’t. She cried like a mad person. On the very next day, by some source she came to know that he went somewhere for his higher studies.

She was all broken. She couldn’t believe the fact that he went off just like this without even bidding her goodbye.She was unable to concentrate on her studies,she stopped eating properly and fell sick. Her parents were taking her to doctors but things were getting worst day by day.

One of her friend said that “no matter how much you cry for him, he is not gonna come back, he has his own life now in which there is no place for you, so just stop behaving like Mirabai (krishna devotee)”.

She replied “you can call me Mira, i would love it. I don’t care how much time it takes but I will wait for my Krishna”.

And,that girl(Mira)  is still waiting…

Here,I remember a dialogue from one of my favourite movie

“Har Ishq ka ek sahi waqt hota hai,wo hamara waqt nhi tha iska ye matlab nhi ki wo ishq nhi tha”

–END–

P.S:Inspired by a real love story.

