She stared long and hard at the man in front of her. He was handsome, she thought. What bothered her, was the fact that she still found him attractive. He towered over her five feet six, with dark hair and chocolate-brown eyes. Her lost love…. She saw his lips moving, but did not hear the words that came out of his mouth.

Seeing her confusion, he shook her lightly. There was vulnerability in her eyes, he thought. She was still oh so beautiful but her eyes were rimmed with unshed tears. He looked at the helpless woman in front of him and his heart broke all over. He still loved her, but she wasn’t privy to the fact.

He has really moved on, she thought.  She thought she did too, until she ran into him unexpectedly. Last she heard, he was somewhere in Europe, his job requiring him to travel all over the world. And yes, she stalked him secretly, to find out this tad bit of information. They were, after all, inseparable once… tightly bound together with their love. She scoffed mentally. That was the first and the last time she had ever allowed her heart to be someone else’s. But now, seeing him here at their hometown, she was shell-shocked and at a loss for words. The pain that was buried somewhere deep within her, struggled to be let out.

“Hey… Can u hear me?” his concerned voice finally, filtered through the fog inside her brain.

He saw her wincing slightly and he just knew she was as hurt now, as she was five years ago when they decided it would not work between them anymore. Neither of them had wanted to let go of the other, but fate had other plans for them. She was initially, careless and reckless with what they had, that it hurt him to his core. But when she did realize her mistakes, he felt it was too late for them, for what was a relationship without trust??? And no matter how much he or she wanted to continue what they had, he only felt it would end up in both hurting over and over. No, he didn’t want that. But seeing her now, he felt unsure. He still yearned to call her his.

“Yes.. I didn’t expect to run into you here…” she voiced out her thoughts, her sentence breaking many times in between.

He scratched his head in that adorable, sheepish way. “Yeah.. I was just visiting. How….” he cleared his throat “…how are you?”

She laughed lightly and humorless. “Been better. And yourself??”

“Just peachy!!” he drawled out sarcastically.

She smiled for real this time, sensing his sarcasm. She still wanted to be his.. As quickly as that thought entered her mind, she sobered up. No, she wouldn’t survive another heartbreak. The last one had her in stitches, literally.

“I should probably go. It was nice seeing you here Aadi.” she said, his nickname falling out of her mouth.

They both froze. He hadn’t heard that name in so long, that it tugged his heart in ways he never dreamed of.

She made a beeline for exit, but as she did, he caught her hand. She could see the resolve harden in his eyes. Without warning he snatched her phone that she had in her hand. Oddly, she didn’t feel angry or irritated at his actions.

He opened the dial pad and quickly called his phone. ‘ 

, he thought.

“Remember our promises??? Let’s go by them one by one, yeah?” he whispered to her.

For the first time in five years, she laughed out in pure joy. Lightly tucking her hair behind her ears, she looked up to him.

“Yeah….”

–END–

