Love Story – Rented Room

Photo credit: 

 from 

I came to this city few days back and I saw some prospects in my efforts. I thought, it is better to stay in the city and be in touch with the people who promised me some good offers. At present I have limited resources. So I want to rent a cheap room with furniture. I know that furnished rooms will be available for bachelors only. I enquired the people I know and they suggested me to try my luck in Lancashire. Lancashire is a county in the north west of England. Lancaster is county town of Lancashire.

Red Mansion is popular building in the outskirts of Lancaster and I am told that I can easily get a room there. A furnished room is my need. That is possible in Red Mansion only. I met the owner. She is a woman with heavy body and she is moving slowly. She is around fifty. Her name is Margaret.

I said I am in search of a well furnished room for rent.

“How many days you want to rent the room?” Margaret asked me.

“Not for days, I want to rent the room for few months.” I said.

She is satisfied. She asked me about what I am doing. I said I am going to get a very good job as a manager in a famous company. She is very much satisfied with my anser.

“I have a vacant room on down stairs, but it will not be suitable for you. There is very nice, well furnished and very comfortable room in the fifth floor. That was used by a heroine.She purchased her own house and she has vacated this room one month back. Do you want to see this room?”

Margaret asked me and I said, “I like to see this room, only if it is suitable for a bachelor like me.”

“No problem, we don’t check who are coming and going in to your room. The lift is there and the watchman of the building is always friendly to the tenants. So don’t worry about suitability.” The owner Margaret said with a sweet smile.

I understood what she means and I don’t want to counter her statement, until I see the room.

I found that the room is very nice and the furniture is tidy and very expensive like we see in the films. There is no doubt that a heroine might have been resided here. I liked the room.

“This room is so nice that many people liked it, but I did not give this room for rent. I want to rent to a very polished and nice gentle man like you, so I waited all these days.” Margaret said.

“Thank you mother” I said for her nice comment about me.

“The rent is also not big.” Margaret said.

What she said is right. The rent is not abnormal. So I have taken the room for six months and paid half of the amount of the total rent as the advance. She is happy for half the total amount as advance and I am happy for the room has no problem.

One day I got a call from someone. The telephone in my room is ringing continuously. I have attended the call.

“Hello Elsie” somebody asked.

“Who is Elsie?” I asked.

“Who are you sir?” The man asked me politely.

“Who is Elsie?” I asked again in my ego.

“Elsie is the heroine staying in this room sir. I am Jared, Elsie’s friend.”

“I am the new ternent rented this room. I don’t know anything about Elsie. Please don’t call me again.”

I said like it isa warning and I am sure he will not disturb me again.

After few days, one day I have returned the room with so much tired. I was trying to test and realize how much concrete the promises made to me by the employers. I finally got the job at one place and I am working hard, so I am returning late to my room. It was so troublesome, but I have no other go. So am trying to make myself gettingadjusted to my work. My stay at the roomis the only comfort in my life.

I cannot take immediately a new room near my work place now. I need some days to see that how much the work will be suitable for me.

One day, I found a girl is waiting at my room. She has come with her suitcase. When I am opening my room she looked at me and she said that she came for Elsie.She said that her name is Diana. I know that Elsie is a budding heroine. I said to Diana that I don’t know anything about Elsie.

Diana is shocked to hear that Elsie is not here in this room.

“I am from Elsie’s home town. I am promised by her that she will try some opportunities for me as an actress.” Diana said.

I saw that Diana is in distress. So I asked her to stay with me for some time till she gets some chances of earning. Diana happily accepted.

Diana is staying in my room and she is arranging some food for both of us. She is wanderingin the city all the day and reaches the room by the time I reach.

Few days have gone. I lost my job. I am not happy and they are not happy. So I am asked to quit and as I am ready to quit I have left the job. I am again in search of some job.

Meanwhile Diana is getting some small assignments. She is happy for my support. Now she is supporting me. We understood each other.

Diana is like my good friend. I am so much happy with Diana. Diana is also very much happy with me.

One day, Diana said that she loves me and she will be with me forever. I also wanted to be with Diana forever and so I wanted her to be my friend and my life companion.

We have understood each other and we are ready for marriage.

“I am happy that Elsie’s room gave me a good husband.” Diana said.

“I am happy that my unknown Elsie is my best luck, she gave me a good wife I never had expected.” I said.

We are married. We are in that furnished room.

Diana is growing as a good artist. I took up marketing and I am growing as a good real estate business man. I am confident that one day I will ask my wife to stop her searching for good roles and settle as a good house wife. I am planning to buy a good house also in Lancashire.

Diana is trying hard to be a good actress to earn more and settle in life soon. She wants to buy a house and stop all her assignments. She wants to start a sweet home with her husband. But..

The “RENTED ROOM” is trying hard to keep these two permanently there as the room is also very happy with them.

__END__

