Love Short Story – Angel and Deamon

“

.”

Sigmund Fraud

Though it was evening the sun really shined bright through the cloudless sky. The trees protected the garden using their leaves from the heat. Spring time made the garden a heaven compared to the hectic city around it. I looked at my watch. It was 4.35. She was agreed to come on 4’O clock. Little disappointed I thought about ways to make her make up for being late. They made a mischievous smile on my face.

She came around 4.50.Sweating and panting a little. She must have been rushing a bit… “It was a hard time in the office. Boss gave me a last minute assignment. I had no excuse. I skipped lunch to mange time to meet you.”… She sat on the bench I was sitting nearly touching me…

The branded cloths and the new body spray I brought by seeing the advertisement of girls flocking a guy like he is a magnet gave me the confidence to take her hand and caress them on placing my lap right away. Her hand were little sweaty…I looked at her. She had simple make up. But still…I felt beauty thriving in her…

“Had your lunch? Her voice waked me up from thoughts. “I hadn’t touched my lunch box do you want to eat??”…she asked in concern. I looked at her little harsh. As though she is spoiling the moment…

“I had a dream about us yesterday night” she said as I was cuddling her. I told her that I had a dream too…I thought about the scenes in the dream. They made me excited…made me look at her in a different way… A LUST full way…

 It made my eyes and hands moved a little out of bounds on her body. As though she instinctively knew my intention…She went defensive and stopped me from cuddling. I was desperate and a bit too angry. And tuned away from her…

After some moment of silence I looked at her. Saw her uptight. To break the ice I asked her about her dream…seeing reluctant. I pressured her. “Tell me dear…”I insisted.

“Okay. Okay” Her eyes moved to a corner remembering the dream.

“You were sick at the hospital. It was kidney failure. I had to give mine to save your life.” She said…

I felt something move inside me. The feeling was so strong that it made my eyes wet. I looked at the angel sitting in front of me… and looked back at the daemon inside me…It was an eye opener. I realized the difference between lustful love and true meaningful love…

“I believe I can sleep comfortably beside you” she said by placing her head on my shoulder…

“You will dear…safe and sound…”I assured her by putting my hand around her and held her with no intention of letting go…

__END__

