LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

There was an overwhelming calmness in the air, quiet as a dumb man; it was that calm before the storm.

Almost instantly, wind disrupted the quiet surrounding with a brutal force; breaking the noiseless atmosphere with an agonizing cry- chasing sand and debris around in a wild dance.

It was getting close to spring; the season of new-hope, warmth and joy. The season of flowers, fragrance and love; but all Sophia Wallace felt was a deep rooted sorrow and an unending pain; the pain of losing someone close.

Sophie’s hand was shaking as she read the letter for fifth time that day. The letter carried with them memories; some golden and wonderous; and some gloomy and breaking.

Sophie was now a teacher; she had a boyfriend who loved his lap-top more than her. Sophie had a house to stay; a permenant relationship she once wished for; a life that was not risky and adventerous.

Yet, Sophie’s life wasn’t perfect, as she’d once believed. Her life was far from that.

That one mistake she did had turned her life about 180`. One mistake of letting his love go; letting him go.

After reading the letter, she had realized the love she wanted wasn’t what Allan Miller was offering. She didn’t want consistency; she wanted more; she wanted what she had willingly given up, back.

Her lips were trembling, so was her whole body, as she sobbed and chuckled with watery smile. He could make her cry and smile at the same time; he was always that way.

He was rude; his words flowed with a blatant sarcasm, that everyone found him irritating, but Sophie always thought him as funny. He could make her laugh, but in the end she made him cry.

It had been months since the letter; a year to be exact and with it came heartbreaks and pain, but to Sophie, the letter wasn’t a curse, it was the gift of lost love; the last sovenier, memoir of his love; the love that she’d once thought as pointless.

This was the only reminder she had of him; before he had vanished from her life, leave a permenant dent in her heart.

+++

 

+++

Sophie missed him; missed everything with him, but now all she had was his memories in the form of a letter.

Exactly at three in that evening, when Sophie was slumbering with tears down her cheeks, a flash news in the local channel read,

‘Joshua Mitchell, dead in the car-crash.’

The news was broadcasted in the other end of the US, the side that Sophie would/could never come in contact to.

Sophie’d never realize that Josh’s letter wasn’t just a confession of his faithful behavior, but an admittance of his failure and pain, without her.

She’d never know that behind the mask of arrogance and malevolence, hid a lost-soul, yearning for love and friendship; for happiness and a little smile.

She’d never know at the end of his fights and struggles to forget her and move past, he fell prey to alcohol and his inner demons; which leads to his demise.

She’d never learn about his true, timeless love; and she’d never have the chance to realize that she was his fresh beginning and his ultimate end.

The most wonderful literature had love stories ended in death and Josh, the villian, according to most, had one such tale, that no one would listen or think twice about.

He was now dead and buried under, his memories frozen inside his bloods and his non-beating heart.

__END__

