LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

I wonder how my body knows that it is a Sunday or was I a python in my last birth, and I practice my ontological awakening, weekly, by sleeping extra? Alright, there is no alarm in the morning, so there is two hours of extra sleep. But isn’t that well deserved, extra rest supposed to freshen up the tired body of a drained-to-the-core corporate slave? And that Sunday was no different. From eight o’ clock, my alarm clock showed nine and finally it was ten when my sweet, caring, lovely wife gave up and shouted from the kitchen.

“If laziness was a fiduciary virtue, you would be the richest man in the world,” her voice mixed with the sound of the ups and downs of the dough tray and the jingling of her bangles entered my ears.

“Awesome shot,” I said to myself, admiring her for being the best killer of the Sunday induced, laziness driven, typical for men, pleasure.

“You are giving me way more credit for my talent than I deserve,” I countered her.

“You never mentioned this talent in your bio-data which your folks send to us with the proposal,” I could feel the increasing pressure on the dough with the change in the frequency of the jingling of her bangles and the squeaks of the dough tray.

“We are the Pundits of U.P. We are humble, modest and down to earth for the special gifts which God has imparted on us,”

Yeah, I was on fire that day!

“Now, are you going to get up or shall I impart a bucket of water?” the bangles and the dough tray fell silent. I sensed imminent danger.

See, this is how women change the rules of a fight. From intellectual barbs she directly moved on to a physical conflict. And as an experienced husband (Two years! almost equivalent to an orange belt in taekwondo) I knew there is nothing known as a physical fight between a man and his wife. In a fight you are allowed to hit back. In a married life, whenever it comes to a fight, you are a fool because by then you have already lost and you will be hit by anything tangible, throw-able or hit-able like a pillow (yes dude, it can hurt sometime), a rolling pin, a glass, bowls and as all of you know the other household arms and ammunition.

“Can I have a cup of tea please?”

See, how neatly I dodged, I told you I deserve an orange belt.

“It is kept on the side table and it is the third and the last cup of tea. If you plan to sleep more then I will place the kettle near you,”

The jingling restarted and I was out of danger. I located the hot one out of the three cups placed on the side table. Although I knew it was a Sunday, impulsively, I picked my smart-phone for any mail or phone call.

“There, there, before you open your laptop let me remind you that my shopping list is pending since four Sundays,” she was already standing at the bedroom door.

“Oh, Shopping list,” I nodded my head twice as it finally occurred to me the reason of her being extra curt.

“Sure honey, I can sacrifice the whole world for you, a Sunday doesn’t even count in that!”

“Good,” she smiled, “Get ready, I don’t want to get stuck in the evening traffic, let’s be back by four.”

“Give me just half an hour,”

The docility, docileness or whatever form of the word docile it was, but I remembered Amit’s comment on that.

“If you want to make a problem small, get a bigger problem.”

I was frustrated with my stupid, arrogant and rude boss at my first job when Amit suggested me to be more mature and calm. I took his advice seriously, got married and now I was the best employee of my company since last two years (of my marriage).

I took my car out and placed the seat belt as I saw my neighbors Mrs. and Mr. Sharma leaving in their small, pink car, most probably for shopping only.They approached us. I nodded at Mr. Sharma. Our heavy with oversleeping and Saturday night’s hangover laden eyes met.

“My sympathies,” the message was send in Morse code with the blink of eyes.

“Accepted, mine too.” and Mr. Sharma responded with a pause in his nod and blink of his eyes.

So it was confirmed that both of us, hunters and gatherers, were on the same mission.

It was indeed a long list. Drapes, curtains, bed sheets, pillow cover, utensils, cutlery and the rest I forgot. I am sure my wife still remembers the fabric, color, print, price, company and all the other details.

Anyways, she returned contented and I was happy that the shopping would be enough to keep her peaceful for at least six months. But that Sunday was no ordinary Sunday. It was supposed to be some biannual home cleaning, furniture shifting and rearranging Sunday.

As soon as we entered the flat my wife said, “Let’s shift the almirah in the bedroom to the right and place the dressing table there.”

And the wealth manager turned into a daily laborer. It is not that I don’t like a well decorated, neatly arranged house but the efforts are exactly too much as it sounds. But anyways, I was given a choice, two years ago, between the pleasure of a lively looking, chaotic, messy, bachelor’s house and marriage.

The shopping, cleaning and rearranging was done all in one day. Bravo! I admitted once again that women are better managers.

“Thanks Neeraj,” my wife kissed me on the cheek while admiring the new look of our home. I smiled and rounded my lips to kiss her back on her cheek when she withdrew and I was left stretching my neck.

“One more thing,”

“Now what?”

“Let us open the kitchen window,”

“Which window?” I frowned.

“Arey, that kitchen window,” she pointed at the large window in the kitchen, just above the burner.

“I don’t know why you kept it closed. It will reduce the heat and also I can have a view while cooking,”

“No,” I denied abruptly.

After the whole days hard work she was in no mood to accept a no for an answer, especially when her aesthetic sense, which was by then throbbing in her heart like adrenaline, made the flat look much better.

“What? Why?” she frowned, taken aback.

“I said no. And I have already opened a ventilator above that with an exhaust fan,”

“What no? It is my kitchen and I am going to open it. I shouldn’t have asked you at the first place,”

“Bhavana, please, let’s end it here. That window will never be opened,”

“Ha-ha. I am not asking for your permission,” she said and went towards the kitchen.

I hurriedly followed her and found her struggling to open the latch. I pushed her hand to remove it from the window.

“Bhavana, I think it is enough. I have already told you,”

“What is wrong with you? Why are you pushing me? Are you trying to hurt me?”

“Come let us order a pizza today,”

“Neeraj, are you trying to boss around or is this some male ego thing of yours?”

“You can take it whichever way you want,” I was blunt.

“What do you think of yourself? And what do you think of me that I actually need your permission to open a window?” she waived her hand.

“I don’t care. Get out of the kitchen now!” I raised my voice.

“Don’t shout at me. And hell I will open the window. What are you going to do?”

Bhavana went again, stomping her feet, to open the window. I caught her hand, wanted to pull her back when her cute little palm brushed against the corner of the latch.

“Ouch! What the hell?” she shouted in pain. There was blood in her hand.

“Look what you have done. You are an idiot Neeraj. Don’t ever talk to me again,” she said and left for the bedroom.

“Bhavana listen… I am sorry,” I ran behind her but she slammed the door shut.

I stood stunned and stupefied, by the sudden turn of events, at the bedroom door. I couldn’t believe I just hurt my love. I can be as bitching as a nasty old woman to complain about her but I take it as a fad amongst today’s husbands. I never mean to hurt her and blood? My head was reeling.

“One large farmhouse pizza and coke,” I ordered Dominos, “Yes, that choco-lava cake too!”

“This is the time to tell her the truth,” I decided and sat with a pen and paper.

I slid the letter through the door and stood outside. After about five minutes she opened the door and came out with a smile, a bandaged hand and my wallet.

“You lost to a mouse?”

“Damn! When will these wives learn to put things in a more palatable way?” I swallowed that and replied, “No, I didn’t. Actually I won. I just closed the window only. But go check it, I have opened it now. It is really a nice view.”

She came forward and kissed me on the cheek.

“I love you” she whispered.

I smiled and kissed her back and went to take the pizza.

“It must be dead by now. That was three years ago no?” she asked while admiring view from the kitchen

“Yeah, come let’s eat”

We had the pizza peacefully together and I picked up the empty coke bottle and the pizza box to throw in the kitchen dustbin. I was about to leave when I suddenly realized a familiar foul smell. My upper lip curled in, my mustache twitched, I walked towards the window and found some cumin seeds on the window sill. No, they were not cumin seeds.

“Bhavana, the war is still ON!”

__END__

