Love Short Story – Swaying Away 

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was like everything that happened took charge. He never wanted me there. My presence was a burden or not cared to be bothered perhaps.

It was his farewell. Fate was taking him far away. From me. Prague was his new home now.

My eyes were mourning and so was my heart. I had promised myself, I won’t cry. He had always broken my heart but I had promised myself, I won’t break. Not for him.

I was nothing to him. My laugh , my tears , my voice ,  my presence – ineffectual .

I didn’t know why I was there. It was like he was bound to call me not because he wanted to. The reason must have been to fulfill the give-and-take. A glass of coke was the only company I had. Few messages suggested me to leave. But I couldn’t.

My heart expected something to happen. It expected his attention. Silly, this part is. Expect things from the unexpected people.

I filled myself with a plate of his looks and a bowl full of his memories. He was right in front of my eyes yet I missed him so much. I could see him laughing and expressing mirth with his friends. I am not one of those who would sit quietly at a corner. Gelling up is my whim. Has always been.

I love talking to new people. Unknown, different. They make me realize how altered a life is or can be. But at that moment, I was a different person. He had made me one. I was all alone in the known crowd. I was all alone even when I was near him.

“Care for some food?” he asked me when I was walking in the avenue of his everything.

I shook, “No, thanks. I am full “

A quick simper and my eyes were on the ground. I pushed them to look into his’. He was lost and I was too . Like everything stopped. Shush.

 

I could feel his cold breaths on my forehead. The smell of cola. He lowered down and brushed his lips on mine. My hands were in his hold. He didn’t want to let them go.

“Happy Birthday, George”

I whispered in his ears.

“I’ll miss you”

I looked at him for the last time . He was tongue-tied. My hands slipped from his hold and so did a tear from my eye. I didn’t know what this was. I had never wanted someone so much. So bad. Things weren’t austere; they had their own breath-taking, puzzled turns. Their own maze. Nothing was easy. I was swaying away with life and so was he. I left the place. Dreams. Everything. That whole burden of heavy hearts, tears, melancholy and fear of losing him at every point of time. I left them all behind.

I wouldn’t say the attachment was over. It was there. Deeply hooked. Maybe the show was over. The deeps wounds were still there but the healing time had done. Love was still there but life had begun. He had his own way getting into my life, had his own way of leaving. Painful, but a reminder of his presence that – Yes, it was real. Something was done. For a while, I was someone else. He will always have his own place in my heart. Untouched. Undying.

__END__

