Love Story – Mysterical Eyes

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

He don’t know what love is? But he feel her absence. When she was with him ,he don’t feel the absence of anyone. “What she would supposed to think about him now ” don’t have any means to him . He had no one in his life like her now.

It was 30 past 11 p.m when he called her, she had given her number on facebook. He asked her name and where she belong . What she does and finally the cast knowingly her title. Oh not a pandit, he startled. She asked him about  job ,”which is fortunately as most of  suggest was government “and  his salary. He cut the phone.

He redialed after a while , and make conversation ahead a bit long with “yaar neend nahi aa rahi thi”(i don’t feel sleepy).

“HUD HAI”(it’s a bit pushy) she replied.

He or most of single guys in twenties  feel a sense of pleasure while talking to opposite sex .The most enjoyed or teasing topic for such guys is talking about their gf  in their conferences. Even they know shrugging her out of their mind concludes more logically but they do cover someone always known to be their gf or ex. Spiritually we need to love god to be happy always, but most of us don’t find logic to be spiritual. If everyone would be spiritual then the degree of happiness would be undefined.

Like other immatured one’s, He don’t give her space,even he resist when she is being busy over their business schedules. She do the same one day pettifoging his nagging behaviour. When he met her, he could not make a eye contact for a while because of his shy nature. She asked as if felt a bit insecure on her good looking eyes  and a mole on her right cheek,”Am i not looking beautiful.”

It was 12 P.M and he were about to spend four beautiful hours which he had in his schedule , in her arms. She asked him about  screwed eyes which always bluff.”Ro rahe the”,(were you weeping) even he had some spicy butterflies  flying in his stomach to hold a beautiful woman ,she thought he were more tensed to cry  thinking about his papa’s condition. He said no;But she doubted. She had seen more in his eyes, she had seen hidden tears . She had read him more than himself. Feeling to meet your girlfriend invokes a freak feeling , if that was being neglected that time he would be in some cry type situation because his  papa had been facing  some serious blood pressure problems followed by restless situation. He had a flight at 6 A.M from delhi to patna.

He get shocked when he heard ,”I am married to someone else,so please don’t call me”.

It seems , he had fallen from heaven,it pains nearby heart might because of stress hormones. He couldn’t focus on his  work some days. He was like lost animal who was leaving scarily to survive. He lost his confidence. He wish to leave his  job who needs a lot of focus because he  had to vigil on thefts .Luckily he got moved to department where he need to focus on official works,a mess you can do on your computers .With time he allowed himself to forget her with work but can’t in free time. When he get free he feel depressed .

He can’t read her eyes. Her right eye was loyaly waiting for someone who can win over her, but left eye is resisting her to take revenge with her past boyfriend who left her half murdered.

__END__

