LLC02: Love Letter after Decades

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

Sitting by the window, the sacred letter in hand, Sara couldn’t believe her luck.

 Only she knew how long she’d been waiting to receive this.

 Her now greying hairs flew gently in the wind as she made a half-hearted attempt to push them behind her ears.

 Staring numbly at the letter in her hand, she sighed.

 She remembered the last conversation that they had had a long time ago where he had mentioned this very letter.

It felt to Sara like this letter had been waiting for her for a very long time.

 Hugging it to her chest, she remembered the countless number of times she had tried to read it when she knew of its existence.

 She recalled the letter she had written to him but never had the means to send.

 Her own words flashed in her mind.

 

Later never came for Sara.

 Till now.

 But it was too late, she realized, gulping down tears.

 Now, she was widowed with two married children and six healthy grandchildren.

 Her life was almost over, with hardly any years left.

 She neither had the strength nor saw the point in pursuing this love.

 But she had to read the letter.

 Even if it was the last thing she’d ever do.

Sara recalled how she was forced into marriage that week, her father telling her that he would throw her out of his life if she didn’t agree to marry ‘the boy’. She had agreed, losing the will to fight as the bruises on her aching body and soul multiplied.

She smiled to herself at the pathetic stages in her adulthood where she kept dreaming about what the continuation of that letter could be but never being able to find out.

 After her marriage she had moved cities while her parents stayed back in that beautiful home of theirs. Often she wondered if they had missed her. Having grown up in a quiet home where nobody expressed their emotions, she felt like she didn’t know her family well.

 But now, sitting in that same house, decades on, she felt their presence and knew with all her heart that they loved her more than they’d ever been able to express.

Love,

 Sara

 

She recalled how she had never sent her letter because it seemed pointless. He’d have surely been married, she argued with herself a million times in the last forty years.

 But after so many decades of waiting, she had finally dared to step back into the house that her parents had lived in before they passed away.

 The letter was still under that beloved tile just like she had left it over half a century ago.

 The familiar surroundings filled Sara with hope and love.

 So, sitting by the window, the sacred letter in hand, Sara couldn’t believe her luck.

 Only she knew how long she’d been waiting to receive this.

 Cherishing every moment, she finally opened the letter, her heart pounding.

Silent tears rolled down Sara’s cheeks. 

Oh, how long she had waited to be united to the words in this letter.

 How many sleepless nights she had spent, trying to imagine the tone and the sound of his voice saying the imaginary words as she rephrased every single one of them in her head till they all strung together as perfect, romantic sentences.

 Everything made sense to her now.

 His reaction when she didn’t read the letter, his lack of interest of her well-being, his not staying in touch with her when she left.

 It all made sense.

 She folded the letter as neatly as her troubled thoughts would let her and thought of her dead husband.

 She’d been very young when she married Zafar.

 Never in the world had she expected to be married to a Muslim. She had thought her parents would be against it. Maybe they were hypnotized by the unending list of ancestral properties Zafar owned. Or maybe they saw more good in Zafar than in Joshua. She’d never know.

 Her entire life she’d spent being evil to her husband. Now, she deeply regretted it.

 In her mind and soul, she had loved Joshua and this letter had haunted her through all stages of her life.

 Looking back, she realized she was wrong.

 The plain blue walls of her house had been decorated with idols of the Gods she prayed to. On the dressing table right in front of their Puja room laid the 

. Her eldest son, Samrat, always accompanied Zafar to the mosque every Friday evening. Sunday mornings they went to church because their daughter Aliya wanted to.

 Their lunch time was a combination of different cuisines. She had learnt her husband’s way of cooking, as he had learnt to adapt to hers. Never did he make her feel like her style of living was in any way lesser than his own. He hadn’t forced her to wear the clothes his tradition followed nor did he dominate her with his presence.

 She realized that she had more than she could have ever asked for but never cared enough to appreciate it.  She had been too wrapped up in her own worthless thoughts about the man she would never have been half as happy with.

 Given a chance, she’d go back in time and learn to love the husband of hers that was in all ways better than Joshua could ever be.

 As Sara’s phone rang in her dress pocket, she closed her eyes and leaned her head against the wall, knowing that it was her daughter calling to check on her.

 Knowing that her life had started only when she had left this house.

 Knowing that her parents had been right all along.

 And knowing that the most intelligent thing she’d ever done in her life was reading this letter.

 She was finally content.

 The phone continued ringing in her pocket.

 But the caller was too late.

 Sara had gone to her husband.

__END__

