Ipshita, an ambitious girl who is looking for growth, betterment, and true love. She joined recently in a small developing company with a good package. She loves to give a challenge to every arena of her life and to get expertise in most possible areas. Until then her life was going well, she had a few good friends, a good job and a decent lifestyle, lovable and frank parents and most importantly a supportive younger brother. She was very popular among everyone always for her sense of humor and attractive personality. She was doing well in every aspect of her life but continued to expect her dream man and the love and future partner of her life.

First-day:

It was her first day in the new office and she reported on time and started working on joining formalities. Post of this joining stuff she has been forwarded to her department, now its time for her to explore new people. She met her new team and boss, she met a few of her colleagues and co-workers also still a lot to continue. Her new office colleagues seemed to be quite open-minded and friendly to her, which matches her personality. Overall the first day went well apart from the fact that she might not remember her way home.

chat mania:

It is Saturday the first weekend of her new job. Ipshita doesn’t have any plans yet. Just like other weekends she wakes up a little late and continued to carry on with her weekend routines with friend cum roomies. Once she switched on the data pack apart from her routine good morning wishes, her mobile screen pops up with 6-7 messages from a new contact. It seems to be a senior from her new office, who stayed more nearest to her location. Unlikely the fact that she is a little bit reserved and doesn’t like to entertain unknown people much, she was very enthusiastic and happy to receive messages from him. That day up to evening Ipshita and her senior Ariyan chatted a lot. She started knowing him, but so surprised by the fact that how in that much short period he felt to share his stuff with her.

Its been 2 weeks already passed, she has been quite adjusted with her new office and the working environment. She made few friends too. She is happy about this new bonding, with her new friend come to senior Ariyan, but in other ways, she could not deny she should take more time to know him in a better way. Ipsita gets to mingle and behave openly with friends but she has a strict close zone apart from them she doesn’t like to share her private stuff. That close zone is surrounded by 5- 6 people at present undoubtedly it comprises of her roomie and soul sis Anisha, Meenakshi, and her little bro Sayan and a little closer with her boyfriend Raj. 

Faded relationships:

Nowadays things are not that smooth between Ipsita and Raj. Raj is with Ipshita from her college days almost its been 3 years they are together but due to Raj’s extra money-minded nature and doubts on everything currently, they have a lot of issues in their relationship. There is some family stuff from Raj’s side where he neglects Ipshita’s opinion. Their bonding now limited to formal outing and routine. That heart to heart attachment is not between them anymore.

Love or Lust:

Things are going well in between that, Ipshita came to know Ariyan is about to leave the company soon. She got very upset and she directly asked Ariyan about this in reply Ariyan called her in his room for spending some time and talking whole heart out. Though at first, she refused to go there still she doesn’t want to lose her connection with him, so she accepted to visit him in his home. He closed the door and make her seat near to him. He held her tight and kissed her passionately, his fingers moving down to her neck. Her eyes get closed, heartbeats are very fast, she is uncomfortable and pushes him away and left his home. By the end of the day her equation with Ariyan was changed he was avoiding and ignoring her. She is upset and shattered and lost trust from her new friend.

Heart vs Brain:

She could not hate him even after that, 10 days pass after that incident but Ariyan or her never tried to speak about that openly. Only 45 days are remaining after that Ariyan will become a history she doesn’t know whether they will meet ever again in this lifetime or not. She could not share these feelings for Ariyan with anyone as she was already in a committed relationship and Ariyan is the new person she was not sure about him. She only knew that in her heart Ariyan stays but don’t able to clear that what kind of feelings they have for each other.

**

(…….

)

