Love Short Story – Birds of a feather flock together

Birds of a feather flock together – Love Short Story

 

 

My IPod nano played the Paramore song as I waited for the Delhi Rajdhani Express  at Bombay Central Railway station. It was not the first time Arush fought with me. We have been fighting like cats and dogs since the day we met each other at College. I was his sweetheart and he my life. I remember the day when he proposed me at our college cafeteria in front of our juniors. To some it looked like a melodrama and to some it looked like fairy tale story. But today things have veered out drastically. I looked around the railway platform and observed a Sikh family waiting for the Rajdhani Express just like me. Tears welled down my eyes as I stood there helplessly at platform number 1 of Bombay Central railway station. I wiped my tears as they involuntarily rolled down my cheeks. Some say that birds of same feathers always flock together.

 

I browsed through my cell phone messages. That was the message which angered him. How could a man forget his wedding anniversary?. Priorities change and people change but it is said that true love never fails. I strolled through the railway platform till the train arrived. I anticipated a phone call from Arush.

I looked around as the train arrived like a serpent, slowly and steadily. I boarded the train and hopelessly looked outside the window to see if he arrived.

 I received a text message. It was Arush.

I read his text message. Two minutes later he tried calling me once again. I cut the phone. I was a rebel since my childhood days. Maa always had issues about me.

 I read his other text message.

 I replied him.

It was 17th September. It was our 5th wedding anniversary. It was a red letter day in our life. I was all alone watching the Saas – Bahu soaps on Sony TV and my beau was busy attending Client meetings at his office in Singapore. I never demanded anything from him. All that I expected was just a phone call. It is true that expectation always hurts. He came back home after a week. He seemed to have forgotten me.

 I always used to pester him during our memorable college days.

He used to reply whenever he was confronted with such questions. It is painful to be stranded all alone at home on your wedding anniversary. I was extremely hurt. He woke up from sleep after jet lag and smiled at me. I glared at him in reply to his smile.

 He smiled and got close to me.

 I got back to kitchen.

 He followed me to kitchen.

I wiped the tears from my eyes. ‘You have changed Arush,’ I sobbed.

 He got serious for once.

 I said as I washed my face.

He replied.

 I added. ‘

Arush had a charming personality that attracted many girls. I was lucky that I got married to my sweetheart. I was feeling lonely as I saw love being educed out of my life. I soon started feeling as if I was deprived of love.

 He retorted.

 I replied.

 He got vexed and left.

Today was a different day. I was going to leave Arush and Mumbai for once. It was all over. The train commenced sharp at 4.35 pm.

 I received another text message from him.

 I replied.

 I received another text message from him.

I soon investigated my cell phone to check the message only to realize that the text message was not delivered. I was allotted a seat with a Parsi family. They amiable chatted with me and the journey was good. The old Parsi couples treated me as their own kin and made me feel comfortable. I enjoyed the scenic beauty of the mountains and rivers as the train moved. The train reached New Delhi Railway station at 8.30 am as per the scheduled time.

I carried my luggage and stepped outside. I saw Arush standing in front of me. He smiled at me to which I grimaced.

 He smiled again and collected the luggage from me.

 I curiously asked him.

 I hugged him.

 Maa told me as I observed my family members who came to pick me.

 I hugged my mother.

 He kissed me on my cheeks.

 I winked.

 He said.

 He added.

 I promised him.

 He asked me.

 I said and hugged him.

 my younger sister laughed. It’s true that true love triumphs and at the end of the day its true love never fails.

__END__

