Love Story – FIRST SIGHT

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love at first sight is not a myth. Our Alvin got that love magic whenever he saw a girl with his beauty concept. Alvin our hero is a normal body size and an average looking boy. He fell in love with many girls with his love at first sight magic. But do not know why no girls were into him. Love at first sight magic will be not there in his mind and heart when that girl says “no” to him. However life of Alvin is very happy with his life being a single.

One day during the class hours suddenly a rain came. Not a small one it was a heavy rain. There was a mild wind also. With the rain drops and wind trees are all started shaking and they made a fear that they are going to wipe out. Because of that reason Alvin’s college classes were suspended. Students were rushed to go to their home. It gives a new and fresh mood to Alvin. Though Alvin had an umbrella he stand on the corridor and watched the rain and enjoyed every drop of rain fallen on his body. After a half an hour later the strength of the rain decreased. The wind stops. Alvin then decided to go to the college play ground to take his shoes, which was put there to play after the class. He walked through the corridor.

Suddenly he saw a gang of girls. Alvin looked at them. He said to himself “which department this girls are??? All are beautiful. Tomorrow definitely my main thing to do is to find these girls class.”

After thinking this in his mind he looked them one more time. Looking at every ones face Alvin’s eye stuck on a girl. After seeing her Alvin stopped walking and looked at her standing there. The girls passed him saying “where is he going???” hearing that sentence he come to the real world from his love world. Without noticing him she was hurry in taking her umbrella from her bag. Alvin turned and looked at her. Love at first sight phenomenon occurred at that time also in Alvin. He forgets the rain. He forgets the wind. He even forgets his bag and lunch box too. After taking his shoes he ran to the bus stop to see her again. Her memories filled his mind. By getting a ride from one of his friends he reached home. He cannot eat, cannot drinks. Only he can do is thinking, thinking about her.

Next day Alvin told about that girl to his best friend. With his help Alvin found her department and her class. From the next day onwards he just tried many ways to connect with her. All the students and teachers and staffs, everyone knows about the love of Alvin towards that girl. Her friends began to mock her when they see him in the campus. She is not angry with her friend’s mocks. She was also doing not angry while seeing Alvin in her class and with her friends and even he looks her in a dramatic way. While seeing her cool response to this matter he thinks that she is in love with him. For the first time in his life this type of positive response is getting. He really becomes happy and he starts dreaming. His friends said to him to tell his love towards her.

Hearing their words Alvin decided to propose her. But how??? That was really a problem. He sends her a friend request in face book but it was not accepted by her. He also sends a “hi” message to her in face book. It was not seen because non friend’s message will be go to other folder which was not checked by anyone in the face book. However he gets her mobile number. He saved it in his mobile phone.

At night while he was in his bed he just checked her number in Whatsapp. She is also using that application. He sends a message

Alvin: hi (seen)

She: sorry whoz dis???

Alvin: check my picture

She: there is no picture

Alvin: wait I am putting it

After a few second

Alvin: look it now

She: oh it is you.

Alvin: remembering me???

She: yes, Mia’s friend

Alvin: which Mia???

She: did you forget your lover in the high school.

Alvin: high school? How did you know that?

She: Alvin we were in the same school but different division. You don’t remember that?

Alvin: I loved Mia but she hates me.

She: like we are lovers in our college?

Alvin: right, can I ask you something

She: yes

Alvin: does Mia tell about me to you???

She: she was irritated with you

Alvin: do you love me or irritated with me?

She: same feeling… irritated

After her reply he deleted her number from his phone and go to sleep.

Next day, in college. He made his conversation with her as a secret. During the break time instead of going to her class he went to the play ground. When the break time ends, all other went to the class room from the play ground. He simply sits on the steps made around the play ground.

“Alvin” he turned around his head towards the sound.

Why are you sitting alone???

Alvin replied” because everyone went to class and I am tired so I sit here”

Why don’t you come to my class?

Alvin replied” I want to play I missed it for two weeks”

She sits near to him. He looked at her. She looked at his eyes and said” you know something I fell in love with you at my first sight itself”.

Alvin: you didn’t even look at me

She: when

Alvin: at that rainy day, on the corridor.

She: I mean first sight, in the high school. That day when Mia told she hates you and you cried. At that time after waiting for her at the gate for a long time, I walked towards your class for picking her. Then I saw you were crying in front of the class room and other students were around you and soothing you and Mia and her friends inside the class.

Alvin: I was actually not crying, it was my act.

She: Mia explained me what happened that day itself.

Both of them laughed.

__END__

