Love Short Story – A letter to marie

Photo credit: 

 from 

I had the letter in my hand, I could just hand it over, but i did not. What could I do? How could I tell her? How could I tell her that I loved her?

This could have changed my life that day but I could not. I did not dare. I called her, she came like a princess but then, I lost myself in the midst of the fog again. I said in the letter

Today was the day, the last day I could give it to her for she was going far from here, very far. I went to the station to get a last glimpse of her and give this letter. I went to the station picking up a lot of courage and went. There all her friends were crowded around her. This complicated things for sure. Now how could I give her the letter?

I went near and said “hi Marie. uh…. I.. I was just wonder..wondering that I could um I could give this letter to you as a remainder and my farewell to you. Bye!” and left the station as soon as possible. I did not  think nor expect her to read the letter. I mean why would she read a letter from someone like me?

I walked, pondering over it and walking simultaneously. Suddenly I felt a lot of pain and I felt blood oozing from my head. The last thing I could remember was people coming and trying to carry me.

I suddenly felt someone pressing my leg I woke up with a start and saw Marie sitting there. I thought it was a dream but could not think about it as I fell, unconscious again.

This time I felt a jolt of energy and pressed myself to get up. There was someone I never expected. It was.. It was

MARIE!

She held on to me and helped me get up with tears flooding in her eyes. She said “Why did you do this?”

” I did not do this I was walking on the road and then fell and and everything became a blurr then I felt as though you were there and I never actually realized it was you. I thought I was dreaming when I just woke up now I felt you” I blurted out like a small child in shock.

She became in somewhat an angry mode and then handed me a letter and quickly rose to leave.

I felt completely fit now that she was there. As I read the letter I became more and more shocked. It said

I felt so happy I could jump. I rested remembering her words. I finally fulfilled my wish. She was my dream and so I Hers.

Tomorrow if god asks me how I lived I could tell him I lived his life to the fullest.

THANK YOU GOD!

__END__

