Love Story – My dear…My Santa Claus

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Oh no” Nisha hurriedly rushes to the kitchen & picks out the fruit cake from the micro oven. “Thank God, not burnt” Nisha said relaxedly. Its 25th December & Nisha is busy with the preparation of the Christmas celebration. “Ok…Everything is done. Now I should dress up’’ Nisha said looking at the decoration. Suddenly her phone beeped, one new message received. She opened the message & a smiley makes her smile. “Esaan you know how to make me happy” Nisha said looking at the message. In the same way one year before you made me happy, I can remember. Nisha let her fall in the old memories.

 Nisha lost her parents in a road accident when she was doing her final year. That was a very tough time for her. She almost gave up & wants to leave her studies. But her friend Pinky stands beside her & brought her to the right track. Pinky was always ready to rescue her from every difficult situation. Gradually Pinky became for her an umbrella in rainy days, a tree under which she can rest in summer days & a partner behind her every smile & tears.

 Nisha’s phone’s ring takes her back to the present. She receives the phone & said “hello madam, merry Christmas”.

“Merry Christmas Nishu” Pinky said from the opposite side.

“Where are you?” Nisha asked.

“Mrs Esaan it’s your day. Celebrate with your Mr Esaan. Why should I be the bone between both of you” Pinky replied pulling her leg.

“Shut up and come first. I got a lovely life partner only because of you Pinky, come Celebrate with us” Nisha replied.

“No Nishu, it’s your day, don’t let it go. Enjoy every minutes with Esaan. I will meet you tomorrow. Understand?

“Ok.. My grandmother” I said & end the call.

“Yeah…it’s true. Pinky played the role of a “magical stick” in my life. She brought Esaan in my life & my life became bright like a Christmas night. After my parent’s death Pinky was always there for me or I should say Esaan in disguise of Pinky. In every situation she always made me happy. I can remember that day when I was late for the exam & she fixed professor’s watch twenty minutes slow. As a result professor came late for the exam.

And of coures my first diwali after my parents left me. I was alone & was upset. Suddenly pinky came to me & said “hey Nishu Happy Diwali. Look what I have brought for you”.

I saw a Cadbury celebration in her hand. I said “I don’t like Cadbury”.

“Even if your parents gift you” she replied.

I was shocked. Then she removed the cover of suspense & gave me a locket in which my parents’ picture was set up. I said hugging her “Thank you so much Pinky, you know how to make me happy”.

That day she wanted to tell me the truth, but something stopped her. Next day Pinky didn’t come to the college. It was raining heavily. I have no umbrella & was worried. After some time pinky calls me & said “hello Nishu go to the office & take my umbrella”.

I was so relaxed & then shocked. I asked her “how did you know that I didn’t bring umbrella?’.

She was silent, after few seconds she said “actually Nishu, sneha our classmate, she called me & said”.

I doubted on her reply but was worried for the bad weather, so didn’t give attention to her reply. And end the call & leave for the home. But latter I came to know the real truth behind all these.

Pinky & I became very close to each other. I never felt alone in the presence of her. But our final year was complete & she was ready to go back to her home. I said her “again I will become alone” & cried.

She said “today is Christmas day Nishu & I will give you a gift which will never feel you lonely”.

Then she called someone & said “yeah come, I am alone in the home”.

Before I ask her any question she said “I know you have lots of question. But Nishu today I will give you answer of your every question. Just have patience”.

Then door bell rings & Pinky opened the door. Esaan entered & showing a small box he said “ Pinky, I know Nisha is very upset, please give it to her. She will feel better”.

I was shocked & came in front of him. I said “Esaan you, pinky what’s all this”.

Esaan was also shocked. He said “Pinky you lied to me”.

“It’s the right time to tell the truth Esaan” Pinky said.

Pinky said looking at me “Nishu you are my one of best friend & I always want to see you happy but the way of making you happy only Esaan knows.” Pinky was silent for few seconds & again said “Esaan told me to give you this locket. And that umbrella, that was also Esaan’s idea. He gave you his umbrella & got cold remember? But the Cadbury celebration was from me. And ofcourse that exam day. Esaan makes slow professor’s watch only for you. Nishu Esaan really loves you. He never told you because he was afraid of the fact that you may feel his love as a mere console in your bad time. I didn’t want to see you alone again”.

I was surprised. I took the box from his hand, opened it and… A horn’s sound comes to my ear & takes me out of my thought. It is Esaan’s car. I put off the light & opened the door. He comes in & said “wow Nishu, beautiful decoration, candles, flowers, balloons, Christmas tree but where Santa Claus is?”

I come nearer to him, took the box from his hand, opened it & smiled as lots of smiley was there in the box. Then I hold his hand & say “you gift me lots of happiness. Will you be my Santa Claus forever..!!

__END__

