Love Short Story – DON’T BEAT FOR HIM

DON’T BEAT FOR HIM – Love Short Story

My sweet innocent Heart,

Why don’t you simply do your work? Why don’t you simply beat for me? Why? All your feelings, all your behaviours are nothing but pain… to me and even to you!

He has already said that he doesn’t want you. He doesn’t love you back my dear heart! Then why do you care for him? Why do you keep on following him when he doesn’t want to open up his gates for you? Why do you wait for him? Why do you beat for him?

My mind still remembers the date when, for the first time, my eyes glanced him. But whose fault was it? His? Eyes’? Mind’s? or time’s? I don’t know! I know my lovely heart that it was not your fault. Please don’t blame yourself. It is your work to love and you did the same, but the only problem was you loved the wrong person. I wished if my eyes would have not seen him or my mind would have not sent the reflexes on hearing his velvet voice to see him. But alas, my eyes met his and they both sent some signals which reached you, my heart, but those signals could not reach his heart.

Sometimes I wonder why are you so silly? Why can’t you simply understand the simple but hard logic of life? You are a broken heart and you are dying, every minute and every second. What do you hope for and why do you hope? There is no hope. He simply goes off with his girl and calls you a fool but you are still crazy for him. Why can’t you just hate him?

 I know when he enters the classroom and looks at you, you wish that today he will propose you… he will let you stay with his heart… but no my dear heart, he looks at you simply to hurt you more.

You are waiting for the day when he will come back to you… and you are fighting with mind because its logic is dreadful but now I am in agreement with mind’s logic and I am waiting for the day when you would stop thinking for him.

Open your eyes and see… he doesn’t love you… he doesn’t want you. He is a pain for you. Please realize this and forget him. Don’t beat for him. Don’t! Don’t let yourself die. Don’t let yourself die! I want you! Please comeback my heart… come back to me… don’t wait for him… you will die. Come back! Don’t beat for him!

Yours truly

 An unfortunate lover!

