Love Short Story of His cruel life ..

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Never in a million years, i can find a girl like you who is that much perfect for me . You are the only one who has shown me the way to live the life . You are the one who has made me laugh in the most difficult times. You have set an example of sincerity and loyality . You are the one who gave me the strength when everybody turned against me . And today is your birthday Nayyab , and i will give you the most beautiful gift that you ever had . A gift that a very few people can give . I am gifting you my LIFE . ”

Those were the final words from a 19 years old boy, SAADAN KHAN , whose troublesome life turned out to be the cause of his death . He went through a miserable time since his life started . His father never loved him and always hated him .Saadan had a brother and three sisters . Together all the family members had a team in which they never included Saadan . Saadan was always treated like he was nothing . Saadan had a pure heart and sensitive nature and countless capabilities. His family treated him like dirt without any reason.

It was 9th of september 2010 , when sadan received a mail from a girl(Nayyab) with whom he was in love with since his childhood. A strong kind of love bond emerged between them with the passage of time. Always mistreated Saadan started living a whole new life with his love and decided to give it everything because he never had anybody in his life which he cared for but now he had found one .

5 years passed and saadan-nayyab relation was going all good and the feelings and love bond grew even stronger . It was 9th of august when it was Nayyab’s birthday and Saadan was busy finding the best gift that he can possibly give to Nayyab on her birthday. Saadan found a beautiful ring and he decided that on this 23rd birthday he will propose nayyab again and will put the ring on her finger like the first time.  Saadan decided to keep all this as a surprise .

Sadan went to nayyab’s home , they both had some chat when nayyab excused saadan for a minute and moved outside the room. Clock struck 12:00. Saadan picked out the ring and started moving outside the room to give her lady the surprise. Sadan heard Nayyab talking to someone on phone . Saadan heard that some love talks were talking place. That moment Saadan came to know the bitter truth that it was all fake. Saadan could not believe that . Saadan could see his life being thrashed into pieces in front of his own eyes . Saadan could feel himself going back to that horrible life again. Nayyab came out of the room meanwhile and asked saadan that what is he doing here . Saadan with the tear in his eye smiled saying, “Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you , Happy birthday to dear nayyab , happy birthday to you” and put his hands in the pocket ..

Sadan: oh!! i have left the gift at home . hell yeah!! How can i do this ..

Nayyab: its oky baby your presence is enough for me . I have my life in your presence.

Saadan: no baby.. wait here for 15 minutes i will be back with my gift its special very special infact.

Saadan went home locked the room and cried . He could not believe what happened. Saadan injected the poison inside his body , grabbed the pen wrote final words for his love and died .

Love can give a person life but on the other hand it can thrash the life . All through the life, Saadan struggled for finding someone who can love him and when he found one he lived a life. But that love proved to be the reason for his death.

__END__

