Sweet Nothings – Love Short Story

Photo Credit: 

It was lovely spring day with pleasant breeze blowing and curtains flying high and low. Anshu with a cup of coffee in her hand was enjoying the beauty of the day. It’s been ages since she had a time for herself. But today she decided that she is going to get some time, just for her…

It was her 20

 Wedding Anniversary, milestone day in her life. She has a lot of plan for this day; decorate her room with fresh flowers, new curtains and new spreads… She just wanted freshness everywhere around her and she knew very well, this freshness will help her lead the rest of her life… Her thoughts went down the memory lane… She was a little girl or rather a young women out of college and parents see an alliance for her; Anshu cannot think much since she had 2 younger sisters to be married and she says Yes to marriage.

Anshu was just out of college and didn’t know anything about the world, people and marriage was a challenge for her. It was a new experience, new people and lot of adjustments and compromises. Her mother was advised her on how to be a good wife, not to get into arguments with anyone, especially her husband and be diplomatic wherever needed. All this was new to her.

Enthusiastic Anshu took over all the responsibilities of her house, in-laws in a very short time. She was loved by all and was a great companion for her husband. Theirs was a truly a blessed fairy tale marriage by all means. Her husband too loved her a lot and respected her. In less than a year she was expecting her first child; she was dreamt dreams about the new entry to their family and both were eagerly waiting.

But one fateful day, tragic entered their lives and it entered for ever. Gone were the good days, happy days… Anshu met with an accident and lost her child. She went through a trauma when she heard that she will not become a mother again since her internal organs were damaged badly in the accident. She was going for regular checkups when a car hit while crossing the road. She came back from hospital but no one, not even her husband could fill the void in her life.

Life came to complete halt for Anshu and her husband. He stood by her side, supporting her, but loneliness was creeping into his life and he slowly got into depression. Anshu wasn’t aware of this at all, till she saw a termination letter from his office. And suddenly Anshu came alive, came out of the cave she was put herself into and she tried contacting his friends immediately and they said – Bharath is in depression and he’s finding very difficult to cope with the work. After many warnings, the company has asked him to quit.

She was dump struck, started thinking – how did all this happen, where did she go wrong; then she remembered how selfish she had been all these days and engrossed with her own self. Now what to do, how to get things right… She called Bharath and asked him – if they can go out for dinner; he agreed and they both went; started off well with soft touches and sweet talks; but then the food was delayed and Bharath became furious and wasn’t able to control his temper and started yelling and throwing things down.

Anshu stood helpless, trying to convenience but in vain… With great difficult she drove him back home and he slept. She was just clueless, what next. She switched on the laptop and did a lot of study the whole night; end of it she had a hope that he will be fine… She got a job, started work, looking after Bharath as a baby since his condition worsened with each passing day.

He stopped going out and got into shell…. No laughs, no talks… just sleep, eat and walk around… all his feelings had died down… Tears rolled down Anshu’s cheek… after 19 years, she still has hope her husband will get well… Sometimes she feels, just for her to overcome her depression 19 yrs ago due to the loss of their child, he became a baby for life…. She doesn’t have anything in life… she goes to him and shares every detail with him, she cooks special dishes for him, she celebrates birthdays, anniversaries, festivals… like the way a mother does with a new born child… After 20 years of marriage she feels her life is Sweet Nothings…. Life is just Nothings… Sweet Nothings…

__END__

