Love Short Story – The Longing Desire

Photo credit: 

 from 

A silver-coloured swift car scratched its wheels, on the rain-washed road, before the public library. A young-tall soldier walks out the car, with a walking stick and enters the library.

“Why do you do, all these days, yourself drives the car” questions well introduced librarian to soldier Jacob.

“Yeah, the boy left my car to lead his own path” slowly answers soldier Jacob and walked to the seats arranged. He took out a book, in a view to take him away to its world.

Before entering the book, He particularly remembered that day of worst of fighting. When he was surrounded by enemy soldiers, no plan could be worked. His many attempts to get escaped were in vain. Although he accepted surrender, an enemy bullet pierced his left knee.

“Well. What of it, you have sacrificed just a leg for my nation…” Daisy Crystal had appreciated his bravery and sacrifice. Lieutenant Neil gave him temporary resignation on due his injury.

Even after his return to her, she had been as closely as she was from her five year old childhood. She also used to fill in him the air of superiority, during those days in hospital. She used to rewind those days, when he used to jump into puddles and splash it on her… his habit of plucking flowers to give her…

He licked his middle finger and turned the page to next. He hardly pulled his leg out of the desk and sided before. “Do you feel any pain? Mr. Jacob” questions Librarian.

“No. Thanks” he answered and drags his eyes before the story.

Now, he could hardly remember her desire for him. Both had gone out to meadows. The shepherds had brought their sheep to graze. He also had clicked her photos, standing between flock sheep. Later, she came near him and whispered, “My Lord is my shepherd…Yea, and though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, for thou art with me…”

He smiled and replied “live as though heaven is on the earth”.

Some irregular noise disturbed Mr. Jacob’s dream travel. It was librarian, who dragged his chair out and walked outside.

 Mr. Jacob rested his chin on his palm, the hand placed vertically on table. His mind went back to that day, the last day with Daisy. Under the immense starred roof, people were walking fast, like threads of colour being woven into a gray web. Daisy had promised him to meet there. Jacob stood straight with his walking stick, waiting for her. Daisy came running towards him and jumped on him at once and hugged tightly. “What’s good?” he asked.

“Elam has invited me to the ball, tonight” answered Daisy with joyous hiccup, kisses him and runs away. It was the last day of him with her. Deep grief from bottom of his heart reflected on his face. Before it, He had learned her friendship with soldier Elam. Everybody has pain in their heart; fools hide it in their eyes and brilliants do it in their smiles. He slowly returned home.

How cruel would be Daisy Crystal to leave soldier Jacob on his injury. Though he was so dear to her, more than her heart beat. On meeting Elam, A healthy young soldier, her mind diverted to him.

“No more that of. Bending sickle of time had uproot her feelings for me… and nothing else” he said himself for satisfactory. “The worst feeling is when you’re close to someone but they have someone who they will always like more than they like you…”

Soldier Jacob made hard effort to concentrate on the book. But, He particularly remembered that day, the day in rain.

Both had gone out for the beach. Suddenly, thunder rolled out and rained pattered against them. Daisy took shelter in the cafeteria nearby. But, he took out his guitar from the bag and played music- sitting on a wagon. This made Daisy to forget the rain and cat-walked near him enjoying his music. The waves of dusk unfurled in her hairs.

“Oh! My musician soldier” she appreciated.

“I can walk alone in dark seas of hopes with the dream of making you mine one day” he had said.

Now, the time had come for Jacob to bring those words in reality. But, like an exercise in frustration.

Soldier Jacob closed the book, for no concentration runs on it. Then, he remembered his masters words said.

 “Never cry for any relationship in life.

Because for the one whom you cry,

Does not deserves yours tears

And the one who deserves,

Will never let you cry!!!”

He just stood up, balanced his walking stick and marched to leave the library. Librarian had not yet returned to his seat. So, he went to his car. “It’s very hard to forget someone who gave us much to remember…” he said to himself, pulled hard on a cigarette and drove his car to his destiny…

__END__

