Story for HIV AIDS Awareness

 

I do not know what to do – everywhere in house I desperately need her presence: what is where in kitchen, how to operate dishwasher and washing machine, who are our neighbors, whose birthday is when, what clothe I need to wear for office… I know she left me solely because of me. I also know we both love each other more than anything else. I am dead sure she would also be missing good morning and good night kisses. What about our unborn little one! What he would be thinking of his dad!!! One night changed everything – spoiled everything.

Yesterday midnight when she opened the door, she was in her best seductive dress that I ever fantasized. She was shying in her this appearance but had full dedication in her gesture. I was seeing her after thirty long days. I found her most sexiest even in sixth month of pregnancy – red satin long shirt with a deep cut that not only revealing her bulging beauty but also showing black designer lingerie and black stockings in summer just for me, that’s all.

Without losing her seductive allure, she tried serving me food of my choice, “the way to heart goes through stomach”. There were such items on dining table that could bring lot of saliva to even a stuffed man. I was damn hungry and I was getting the most delicious Indian food after one month of deprivation of it in Germany. Her plan was to stuff my mood with sumptuous dinner before we could go to our bed.

In bedroom, she was showing all the skill that a man could ever imagine. We had not been sleeping together as husband and wife for last four months. Everything was happening first time – it was first time she conceived – we all were very happy when she told “good news”. But our most beloved, yet to be seen, kid started creating distance between us – between a man and a woman. Somewhere she read to avoid sleeping with husband while having baby. Oh my god!!! It was too difficult for me to control. But she gave the good news when I was returning from my business trip to Hamburg, “I finally checked with my doctor… you were right… there is no problem… we can do yankee-ponkee… Come home and you will have the biggest surprise of your life”

I said her “NO” on the bed… “You betrayed me…” was only statement she made when she was sitting in taxi to leave our house at around 2 AM…

During my trip, I could not control myself. Nightlife in Hamburg is quite famous. Moreover four months forced celibacy was torturing me enough to “at least go” – just simply go, have beer and come back – into a night club. I did. I went to “Süße Liebe” night club – alone. Having few beers and feeling rising “heat” of the surrounding I did not remember when I lost control and how… few hours later when I woke up, I was lying naked in a group. It was so embarrassing. Moreover I was not sure what I did… but an unknown fear started daunting me, “Did I do something wrong? Was I safe? Am I carrying the deadly virus called HIV,  along with the guilt feeling?”…

I told her everything about my night in the club.

(Today is World AIDS Day. Please share this short love story to spread awareness of the AIDS pandemic caused by the spread of HIV infection.)

