Love Short Story – “HOW MUCH DO YOU LOVE ME?”

Love Short Story – “HOW MUCH DO YOU LOVE ME?”

“How much do you love me, Sandy?” Arpita asked. The family pressure of Arpita to stop dating Sandy forced Arpita to ask this question. Her family didn’t like Sunny.

Sunny was not good with words so he always skips these kinds of questions but this time Arpita wanted answer.

“I don’t know, Arpita.” Was the answer of Sunny.

It made Arpita a bit sad. Sunny took a ring out of his pocket and sit on his knee and proposed Arpita.

“Will you be mine, Arpita?” she nodded and drops of tears rolled down her eyes.

Sunny had to go to abroad for higher studies so after a formal arrangement ceremony he left to London.

Now their romance started to flourish on social networking sites and mobile phones.

One night Arpita was walking on the streets while talking to Sunny on her mobile phone.

“You didn’t answer my question that day, Sunny.”

“Which one?”

“How much do you love me?”

“I answered that earlier also that I don’t know.”

When they were busy in talking to each other an uncontrolled truck ran over Arpita. Arpita got hospitalized.

Sunny came to India on the following night. He saw her beloved lying unconscious on a bed with several machines working on her simultaneously. Sunny decided to talk to the doctor.

“How is she?”

“She is out of danger now but because of extreme impact on her brain, she has lost her voice.” Said doctor.

Sunny, without saying a word to anyone, he ran out of the hospital.

After some days when Arpita got fine, she was sent to her home by the hospital. When she realized that she has lost her voice and also has lost her beloved, she got herself sink in the deep sorrow. She was upset but not upset with Sunny, she was upset of her destiny. Everything has changed for her now, everything.

After some months she decided to move forward. She can’t bear her family looking so sad that she was dead. She also heard her mother one day cursing Sunny for what he had done with her daughter. So she decided to accept that she has lost her voice and have to move on.

She started to learn sign language. She thought that it would be the first step to accept her new world. After she got trained, she decided to move in another city and search some work for her.

Within a month she got settled in a new city and also got a job.

One day she was sitting in a restaurant. She ordered a coffee and was waiting to the order to be delivered to her. A waiter came to her and gives her a parcel and get lost. Arpita got surprised by his strange behavior. She opened the parcel, inside of which were a ring and a letter.

She read the letter. ‘Will you be mine?’

When she removed her eyes from the letter, she saw a man sitting on her knees with his head looking down to the floor.

The man raised his head. He was Sunny. He said in sign language to Arpita, “This much, I love you.”

He spent a whole year to learn the sign language so that he can became the voice of Arpita. Arpita started to cry.

__END__

