LLC05: Misaddressed Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

Waking up in a sigh , with a scintillating dawn arising, I was taken aback. I was in a state of oblivion. Looking back in retrospect, I felt in a deep thought. Had I taken a right decision?? Oh! Yes, I suppose……and that was an inception of happiness in my life

Time has fled so fast. Shivering breezes of winter are back again. But this time the breezes are not as cold as they were before, this time they are filled with love and warmth which was lacking earlier.

A few decades aback,  it was the same season. All trees bare leaved and roads covered with snow. Sunrays were not so limpid but still were peeping slightly from dense sky. As usual I got ready and went for my college. Due to heavy snowfall main route was blocked . transport was not possible but how could I miss my classes. So I had to walk and go and if I had missed that day I think today would have been another day.

Brittle and dainty snowflakes were falling which made me more convivial. As I was passing by I heard some sonorous ballad being sung in a very melodious and sweet tone. The ballad had created a charm in my mind and I was being attracted towards it as if I was being controlled by the tone.  I went more close and glanced. Thick fog was all over so I wasn’t able to glance properly . my eyes were in vain at that time but it seemed as if I was seeing with my ears. Every beat of the sonata  made my body and soul push towards the euphonious sound .A sparkling dainty face with a jovial smile was what I saw. The lady was more fascinating than the song. My heart almost stopped beating for a minute and I realized that I was in love. It was love at first site.

I remained motionless and still till a commotion abrupted my happiness. Someone was scolding her but I could not understand why….that was an enigma for me. Then I ran fast as I could as I was already late.

The next day I observed the same dainty face in my college and  I realized that by fortune she was studying in my college. The next week I saw her playing the piano in same house while I was passing by. I just crassly noted the address and an unimaginative thought of writing a letter came into my mind. I was reveled . At that time writing letters and pen- friendship was very popular amongst teens and so was I adulated

 

Dear XYZ

I don’t know your name neither we have met earlier .I have heard you many times playing the sonata on the piano and singing the beautiful ballad. Your convivial spirit and joyful smile makes me feel a hundred times happier than ever. I reverie about you all the time.You seem to be omnipresent for me. Your insight flees away all boredom and ennui out of my life. I am just adulated towards you.

The smile on your face makes me mad. Your altruistic attitude is just incredible .  Moreover your eyes are as beautiful as glittery blue marbles of ecstasy. There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment, and that’s what has happened to me.

Such feelings didn’t rouse for anyone in my life. You are the first one and I think I am in love with you. But still I am bewildered. Will you be my Juliette? I know it must be difficult for you because we both anonymous to each other so I want you to meet me. So reply fast.

Your Romeo

Jojo

 

At that time post was not so fast so it almost took weeks to get back the reply. But yes ,I got the reply

Dear Jojo

I am very glad to know that someone is so mad at me…. But I think first we should get close to each other and be more companionable and amiable towards each other. I am not rejecting your proposal neither think this is a sympathetic view towards you .And hence I want some time so we can meet and have a chat. Lets meet soon and reply fast.

Jeanne

I was just delighted and the reply was like a philter to me.

 

Dear Jeanne

I understand your feelings. I know I had made a gauche request of love which was babbling as to be embarrassing. But I hope you must have reached my true intentions. I think we should meet up on Christmas eve near the green circle of our town. Do the love birds meet…..

Jojo

 

On the day of Christmas eve I was desperately waiting for her to come. And to my anxiety she came, but with her was another beautiful lady whose insight created aphrodisiac feelings for in my mind .i didn’t knew who actually Jeanne was. I thought the lass, who played the piano, whom I intentionally and affectionately wrote letters was Jeanne. But to my anxiety I was totally wrong. The lady whom I loved was not Jeanne she was Ruby . Jeanne came towards me and introduced herself to me.  She closed her eyes in a timid way and said the three magical words. Words frees us of all the weight and pain of life, but these were gruesome for me. But I stayed quiet and said no.

Jeanne was totally broken. The matter was that Jeanne was Ruby’s piano teacher. And the scolding that I heard that day were Jeanne scolding Ruby. That day Ruby was learning her piano lessons in Jeanne’s house. And all matter was lucid to me. I was totally disturbed . I didn’t tell them what I really felt. I got angry and ran furiously.

At that moment my mental equilibrium was totally disturbed. And I was walking aimlessly on the terrific road and I met with an accident which left me paralyzed. My left side was totally paralyzed.i couldn’t even move around. I don’t know how but Ruby came to know about it and she came to meet me in the hospital. I was glad but I couldn’t tell her my real feelings as I was not in a state of talking.

Many months have passed by but the empty space in a soul hasn’t got its silhouette yet. Autumn is all around now. Dry leaves slowly and gaily falling down without any disturbance. I am full of solitude now and what else could I do- just peep out window and watch the climate changing, look at the ceiling of my room or just see the time passing leisurely in the wall clock. Brisk of my life has fled away from that dreadful accident.

I had lost my control and was infatuated towards her….that time I was mad. But now what is the use of such foolish talks , I could not even tell her my true feelings. My thoughts were just perpetual but the bell rung and I got out of that illusion. I asked the maid to open the door and to my surprise I had received a letter. I asked the maid to leave the room and I was alone left in the room with the unfamiliar letter.

Dear Jojo

I know it has been a long time , half a year or so. I think I have made this decision too late and I think I should I said it earlier but I was in a dilemma. Do you remember we met on the Christmas eve ?? the letters you wrote were meant for me that I knew for sure but those were addressed at Jeanne’s house so I was in a fix. When I met you that day you created an aphrodisiac feelings in my mindand I think you must have felt the same. My heart too synchronized with your heart . I was not sure about my emotions that day so I too kept quiet . I know its too late and I think you must have tried to forget your past for sure and this letter is making your feelings greener that I know. I always knew that we were somehow meant to be. We don’t belong apart, we’ve seen our lives without each other and we’ve realized it’s just not right like that. We’re supposed to be together. I am too late but I have realized my true  love . pungent love sharply pierces one’s sense of humour, same has happened to me .  I am ready to accept you in any condition you are just it depends on your decision. So I think I may visit your house the next week of fall. See you soon

Ruby

Oh I am so glad to get this letter after all love birds are gonna meet now atlast but how could I forget my dreadful past ……but somehow I have to , for my new chapter of life. The next week she came. As usual I was watching another day of fall from my bed. I was so happy that my happiness had no bounds. I took a sigh of relief but to my happiness an obstacle had bounded. Ruby’s engagement had been fixed and I had received my reward of foolishness. If I had told Ruby my feelings earlier only this would have not happened.

But who can change destiny’s bindings and I was left lamenting. Neither Ruby no I was happy . I was dolored in grief. But somehow this obstacle had to be removed. To my dolor Ruby’s self abnegation came into effect. She doted her perpetual love for me in front of her parents. And  her parents melted for her dire love. Our marriage had been set and we are living happily now. It is true that  we should keep love in our heart, life without it is like sunless garden with dead flowers. And I kept the spirit of love in my heart which has made a difference in my life now.

Now I realize that even a small mistake in life can have huge consequences. But true love will surely militate against these obstacles in a perpetual way.

Jeanne also had met with a psychological sickness then and I was feeling too bad for the poor lass. But now my life is to good due to Ruby’s presence.  After Ruby’s entry in my life I have made a lot of progress. My solitude had been evanesced after my marriage. Now every scintilla of morning woke me up with relief . I also made a lot of progress with my body. Ruby made me exercise till I couldn’t walk on my own. And now I am all right ,living life to the full. And now each morning the sun lays its rays in I am fulfilled with a deep warmth due to Ruby’s love

Jeanne also made a progress in her life. She too got married but still lives in grievance. A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. And this had made Jeanne mad behind me. But now I think she has changed.Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength to fight all obstacles around. And Ruby’s love gave me the courage to fight against the malefactors of my life.

Destiny had played a vicious but virtuous game with my love life. It made me first meet Jeanne and eventually I met Ruby which was its inevitable act. And that one act of destiny had epitomized my whole love life. . And it’s like that destiny all knew, it knew that within a matter of time we would be back in each other’s arms, it chose to sit back and watch us, knowing that every little minute were making our way into each others hearts once again. It knew that in paradox, that if love hurts you there can be no more hurt, only more love. And yes I had passed with flying colours in my test of love. And destiny unknowingly has bounded me with my perfect Juliette, Ruby.

__END__

