Love Story – Treasure

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sun is about to set, the clouds painted with it’s glory. The wind is taking us towards our home, the sound of waves occasionally breaking the silence. We made it to the island which all men feared to explore, we sailed across the sea which has never be en crossed before. We saw riches beyond our imagination, gold, jewels and much more. We stashed everything we could lodge on the ship.

The sea seems unusually calm today, I can see the fishes swimming near our ship. They aren’t afraid of us anymore, a strange feeling dwells in my heart. Ever since I went to the cave in the island, ever since I saw the things in that cave, this feeling won’t disappear. It is more like this feeling is my very own existence, which I was unaware of till now. My heart beats louder with every passing minute, I feel a strange pull from there across the horizon. The place where home lies, my crew is full of excitement to tell everyone about the treasure, eager to share the treasure with their families.

“ Alfred , I am taking over. Go and take some rest. It’s my turn to take the wheel”.

“ Aye Aye Captain. But you haven’t rested a bit, are you alright?” asked Alfred.

“ I am alright Alfred, I just don’t feel like sleeping. I feel like I have been asleep for a long time, and now I am awake. “

Alfred went to the cabin without saying anything. I knew Rodrigo was listening to us, he has been keeping an eye on me ever since I came out of the cave.

“ I know you are there Rodrigo, come out.”

“ Hah, you and your senses kid. You always know when I am around.” said Rodrigo, he’s been with me ever since I was a child. His stories always made me curious about the sea, he was the one who told me about the treasure island. He told me the stories that men would tell after returning from their quest.

“ I learnt everything for you only. “ I chuckled.

“ I didn’t teach you everything kid, something has always been there within you. And that has led all of us to cross this sea, to explore the treasure island and to return home. That is why you are our captain Keane.” said Rodrigo in his usual fatherly tone.

“ And ever since you returned from that cave, something’s changed in you. You seem different. Anything you would want to tell me? “

“In due time Rodrigo, in due time.”

The ship welcomed me on the wheel, the rudder never felt so smooth. It was the time for the stars to rise with their king. The moon was full tonight, it is a strange coincidence the day we left for our adventure was a new moon day and today the moon is shining with all it’s might. We would reach home soon, the rudder’s steady. It’s time to write my diary, waiting for me in the upper pocket. It contains our entire journey, my journey to be more precise.

“ Rodrigo, you got the candles with you ? “

“ Aye. “

“ You know what to do with them, you guys can unload the ship, I will be there in an hour. “

“ okay kid, we will get the work done. “ said Rodrigo waking up Alfred and others.

I can sense this place no matter how long I have been away from the island. The smell, the sound of the trees,the beach,every thing is so beautiful. With this mysterious feeling in my heart,it all feels wonderful. I have been hardly away for 3 months, and yet everything feels so refreshing, so special. My feet automatically start walking down the road, I don’t have to decide where to turn my body knows where to go. I still remember the day we left, I remember it clearly.

The wind in the woods carries the nostalgic smell of the lilies. The chirping of insects at night, the moist sand and this atmosphere it’s a heavenly feeling. I can feel the trees around me, I can feel the birds in their nests on the trees. I can feel the wind, and I can feel the Moon glowing brightly on my path. This was the same path we took on the day we left,

“ Rodrigo are all supplies ready? “

“ Aye Aye Captain.”

“ Alfred are the ropes tied correctly? “ “Aye.”

“ Jack, is everything clear? “

“ Aye Aye Captain.”

“ Today we leave for the biggest adventure of our life, the treasure island. Every man has set his eyes on that island, but none returned successful. But we will, we will sail across the sea that no one has crossed. There is one thing we all should know, the sea is not our enemy and nor is the island. The sea loves us explorers otherwise why would it expand so much? Why would it be so huge if it didn’t want us to explore it? to play with it? The same goes for the island , the island is waiting for us amigos , it’s waiting for us to enjoy all it’s treasure and everything it has to offer. So let’s set sail and play with our biggest friend. “

“Aye Aye Captain.” All crew members roared.

The sea welcomed us gracefully with a continuous gust of wind, it helped us greatly to cross the beginning waters. But it was just the beginning, we had to sail for about a month to reach treasure island. And the gravest of the seas was around the island, whirlpools and mysterious storms which have made ships disappear, and taken the lives of many men.

I never knew walking on the same road after exploring the treasure island would feel so exhilarated. I was entering the town now, and the first house on the outskirts is my home, I cannot stop my feet from running towards it.

It’s here, right here in front of me and I cannot get the grasp of this feeling. I close my eyes and take a deep breath and suddenly the door opens.

“Hola” welcomed Mairead. “ Haven’t you slept? “

“ I had a hunch you would be coming, so “ I hugged her before she could finish her sentence. I couldn’t speak anything for a while. I just wanted to stay like that,

“ Hey, you seem different. Did something happen at the sea? “ said Mairead still in my arms.

“ I am just happy to see you.” I held her firmly by her arms.

 “ And I have something to tell you, we explored the treasure island. “

Her eyes lit up with excitement, a smile on her face.

“ That’s great, really great. “ she exclaimed.

 “ And I have something for you as well. “ I took out the diary from my pocket and handed it to her. “ What’s this? “ asked Mairead.

 “ Open it, it’s for you. “

We went inside and lit up the lamps. The chair felt cosier than anything I have had in months, Mairead was sitting next to me with the diary in her hands. She asked me if I wanted something to eat or not, but I was contempt and a glass of water did it’s work.

“ The captain’s log. Do you want me to read it? “ asked Mairead. “ Yes, of course. “

 

After sailing about four weeks without any signs of land, my crew has started to lose hope. Rodrigo is trying to keep them in high spirits,trying to hide things from me. Jack is keeping a watch, I am in my cabin.

“ Jack anything in sight? “

“ No Captain, nothing more than some birds and twigs. “ replied Jack.

“ What twigs and birds? “

I stood up immediately and went outside.

“ Alright amigos, gather up.”

“ These twigs and the birds are the signs of land. Open the sails, watch the rudder.”

We were near the deadly sea, it was in the air. But it was no moment to be afraid, the sea is our greatest friend and it wouldn’t harm us.

“ Follow the birds. “

“ They will take us to land. Trust me, they will.”

Everyone worked hard to maintain the ship in position, the sea started to show disturbances.

“ Captain we cannot go straight, we have to move around. These waters cannot be trusted. “

“ Alfred where are the birds going? “ I asked him ,

“ They are moving straight ahead. “

“ Then keep the course straight, the birds would only go through a steady flow of wind. It means that the places they are avoiding have turbulence in the wind current. Move straight ahead. “

“ Aye Aye” roared my crew.

We moved straight ahead, it was difficult to maintain the boat on course, the rudder was violently shaking. We were all praying that it wouldn’t break but the waters said otherwise. Rodrigo was holding on to the rudder, I was on the wheel. Alfred and Samuel were watching the sails, Jack and William were trying to keep the ropes tight. I never saw my ship in such a state, never felt it in such rebellion. It was afraid of the sea, I could feel it.

“ Be strong everyone, we have crossed many seas, don’t be afraid. This turbulence is taking it’s strength from our fear, let it starve by showing courage. Let it starve. “

Everyone shouted loudly,

“ We cross this sea, we conquer it. “

“ Great treasure lies ahead, all ours to take. “

“ We are the men of the sea, we sail and explore.”

“ We return with great riches, to our home, to our abode. “

After hours of courage and vigilance, the sea finally calmed down. We were no longer afraid because the treasure island was in front of us. It was calm and peaceful, one could hardly say the sea was violent. The chirping of the birds could be heard, it was the island that no one had ever been to.

We all burst to laughter, we didn’t have anything to say. We were just excited and bewildered by sailing across, we were the first men to land on this island.

 

 

 

 

 

 

__END__

-Kunal Goswami

