Love Short Story – STILL WAITING FOR YOU…

STILL WAITING FOR YOU… – Love Short Story

It was 9pm in the clock and Aaliyah was out for a walk . Today she seemed to be completely lost; she walked down to the colony lawn and sat on a bench. She gazed at the sky; her eyes had several questions but no answers. She whispered to herself, “Only 4 hours left”. Although Aaliyah never expressed but she missed Zain.

Aaliyah and Zain were childhood friends. With time they became best friends and gradually their friendship turned into love, although both realized this but never confessed. Aaliyah’s mother noticed the changing relationship between them and advised her to stay away from Zain. One day Aaliyah was at the bus stop when Zain came to her and started a conversation. Aaliyah tried her best to ignore him as she was told to do this. Zain was surprised with this behaviour of her. This continued for three days when Zain finally decided to stay away from Aaliyah.

One evening Aaliyah came out in her colony lawn when surprisingly she saw Zain sitting on a bench. She was so happy to see him that she forgot all her promises made to her mom. She went and sat on the other corner of the same bench. She expected Zain to start a conversation but he did not utter a word.

Aaliyah was very angry with this.  She bursted out angrily, ”So you don’t want to speak to me?”

Zain replied, ”No!”

Aaliyah (with tears in her eyes), “So you want to ignore me?”

Zain (Avoiding eye contact), “You did the same!”

Listening to this Aaliyah calmed down. She realized her mistake and apologized to him. Then she replied back in a taunting way, “I didn’t know this would affect you so much!”

Zain got angry with this and replied, “Yeah you would think this because you don’t know how much I love you!”

Aaliyah blushed and replied with a smile,” Silly! I knew it, just wanted to hear it from you. I love you too Zain”.

Things were all fine between them, both shared a beautiful relationship.

.

One evening she got a text “Plz meet me it’s important”. Aaliyah rushed to meet him. She knew something was wrong.

Zain (in a low voice),”Look dear you are a very nice girl. You deserve the riches of this world but I can’t give you anything. I have lacked behind. I have to get back to achieve my goals. This may take me years. Please move on, don’t waste your time for me”.

Aaliyah was dumbstruck; she controlled her tears and replied, “I trust you. You can manage things pretty well. Please don’t leave me”.

Zain, ”Be practical. Today is easy but tomorrow would be difficult. I don’t want any distractions between me and my career. You surely can get someone better than me. Move on”.

Aaliyah with a lump in her throat, ”I can’t. You are free. Go achieve your goals but at the end when you come back you would find me still waiting for you”.

”Aaliyah… Aaliyah…” Mom called her. She realized she was so lost in her dreams that she didn’t realize it was too late and she needs to get back home. On her way back she whispered to herself,”It’s been 2 years!”.

Exactly at 12 she texted Zain, ”It’s been 5 years knowing you today and I want to tell you that I AM  STILL WAITING FOR YOU…”

(People say that if you want to move ahead in life, then stop thinking about the past & move on but how can we move on if our past was the only thing we ever wanted in our future….)

__END__

