“Oh My God…is it Zaggard?” Grishma cried with delight.

“Yupp Sugar”

“But how could you possibly get this pill? It’s banned for youngsters.”

“Um…I have my contacts in Pharma company. So,I managed to get one pill for you. It’s your Valentine’s gift dear.”

“So nice of you Shikhar. This is the best gift I’ve ever get.” She planted a gentle kiss on his lips, whispering, “ I Love You.” Shikhar grabbed her from the back & pulled her closer. His other hand unplugged the bunch of her velvet hair.

“One sec” Grishma freed herself from his grip and rushed into the kitchen. There, with the help of water, she pushed the pill inside her mouth, to the digestive system.

When she came out, Shikhar undressed himself immediately. She ran like a storm and the game of passionate love began.

The moments of extreme happiness are very rare in our life. To prolong these moments, scientists working on human emotions, along with modern Pharma discovered a special pill. You need to consume a pill with water. And in next one hour, if the emotional level crosses high level threshold, you froze & can enjoy that moment for complete ONE HOUR!!

In her bedroom, they were having se* like this was the last day on earth. Today, she was going to hold the mirage of orgasm for one long hour!!

Grishma was little away from her extreme point when Shikhar stepped up his speed and in few seconds, explode inside her. It was little unexpected for her as it was his treat. Anyway, she grabbed him more tightly, wrapping her legs around him, suggesting to continue the pace somehow. But much to her surprise, Shikhar pushed her away and got up from the bed. Without uttering a single word, he dressed himself up. Maggie got shocked.

“What the hell happened” she asked him holding his wrist.

“I’m leaving”

“Why? Are you nuts or what. Don’t you see I am not fulfilled?”

“Do you think I’m an idiot? You cheated me twice,got my a

t.”

“How dare you?”

“Don’t shout. You deserve this, bi^^h.” He slipped the shoes on his feet and started to walk away.

Grishma ran behind him, naked. She wanted to kill him and at the same time, wanted to hold him. She was fully packed bomb of excitement, anger, revenge and so many shades of emotions in between. Her condition was worse than a fish out of water.

Shikhar neglected her & reached to the door. She picked up a flower-pot on dressing table, lift her hand, stretch it in full strength and…

IT TRIGGERED. Her emotions froze. She had crossed the threshold of emotions. Shikhar half-turned and murmured,“ Happy Valentine’s day dear.”

He smiled and shut the door, leaving the statue of Maggie behind him.

–END–

