Love Story – I am a killer

Photo credit: 

 from 

There are two girls and one boy and love story goes like this:

 My name is Barb. I am a beautiful girl. So people call me Barbie also. I love my books and my college till last year. Now I love Carroll more than anything. You know, love is that. You don’t need anything if you get love. If you are loved, you are the richest girl in the world.

 My name is Henna. I am a beautiful girl. People call me Han with love. I love my family and my friends till last year. Now I love Carroll only. I love him more than anything. You know, love is that. You don’t need anything if you get love. If you are loved, you are the richest girl in the world.

 My name is Carroll. I am 24. I work in college. I love Barb. She is very nice girl. She is not my student. She studies in the college I work, but I don’t teach any subject to her. She is science student. I am arts lecturer. So there is no chance of seeing her. But one day I got a love letter from Barb.

 I saw Carroll today. He is not my lecturer. But he is having his snacks in the canteen and I am just then entered the canteen. He did not see me. I asked my friend Elisa that how is that boy look like, I want to love him. Elisa looked at me with fun and said that that “BOY” is not a “BOY” and he is a “MAN” called lecturer. Lecturers do not love students. I said her that I am not his student, so I can love him. She thought this a joke and laughed. Her laugh made me more serious.

 My friend Elisa told me about this joke. I don’t believe. I am a beautiful girl. So I am arrogant and I thought that I should love Carroll and I will be a competition to Barb. I know that I always feel Barb is my hurdle in studies. So I will start loving Carroll without his permission. Who needs permission for love? We love roses, we don’t need any permission. Like that, let me start loving him with no permit.

 I don’t know who Barb is. I know one girl by name Hanna. She looks good and she looks like very much interested in me. She is my History student. I know lecturers should not love students. I cannot control my feelings. My heart says, I love this girl Hanna. If a chance comes, I definitely kiss her. I cannot but love to say her that I love her. Hanna looks like eating me with her looks and her lips allure me.

 I sent my love letter. Why Carroll is not responding? I am so beautiful. I love him. Elisa told me that Hanna is trying him. That bloody Hanna has no right thoughts. She always meddles with me. Can’t she try some other guy? Why she likes the man I love so much? I must teach her a lesion when time comes. Before that, I have to catch and control Carroll in my grip. I love to see Hanna defeated in this competition of love.

 My Carroll looks like heated up with my smiles and looks hurled on him. He looks secured for me. The poor Hanna’s letter did not attract Carroll. I know, he did not see her. If he sees her, I am sure, he will turn to her side. I will be at loss. I pray gods that Carroll has no chance to see Barb.

 I don’t know that Barb is so beautiful. She is great. I am told by the canteen manager that who is Barb. Now I am in a puzzle. What to do? Barb is beautiful girl and loves me. Her love letter says this. And more over Barb is not my student also. Hanna is not like that. She is my student. She smiles at me, but she did not commit any love for me. So Barb is first chance to love. Let me think about Hanna in the later stage. If she loves, let me think then. I have to reply Barb and accept her love.

 I am lucky. Carroll accepted my love. I start telling him everything about my love. I start sharing every moment with him. He will be my first and last partner of my sweet love.

 My Carroll looks like attracted towards Barb. I always face this ‘Barb Menace’. She is always my rival. I thought her my opponent in my studies only. Now she has entered my personal life also. I must think a way to eliminate this unhealthy conflict of contest.

 I don’t know that Barb so good. She is my life. I really love her. She is my life. She filled in my heart like a unchanged pleasure. My Barb, You are my love, you are my life and you are my breath. I love to say that I am lucky to have you. I will take you as my life partner as soon as our parents agree.

 I am happy for mom and dad accepted for my love to Carroll. He said that his parents also agreed for our wedding. So there is no problem now. Carroll is my sweet life partner. My studies are not primary. My life with Carroll is my priority. I ask him to get the marriage arranged quickly to have me one with his soul and body. I know Carroll will do this quick, because he is also more eager for me as I am. The married life of a man and woman will be as sweet as the unending sweetness of love.

 My Carroll is getting out of my grip. I tried to catch him by many ways. One day, I found him alone in the library and kissed him. He looks like very much happy and I thought that he will turn to my side. But he did not care, calling me. One day, I went where he lives. He is not disturbed. I wanted him to spend a night with me. He refused saying that a student should not behave like this. He sees me like a child. I asked how he is ready to marry Barb who is also studying in the same college with me. He waited for a while and said that certain emotions are unexplained and he is attracted towards Barb in a way that nothing but Barb only is important for him. It is utter failure love story for me and a great success for my rival. I cannot hide this wound. I am feeling like I am in the fire. I think to kill both before they are married. But what can I do? I am helpless. I am not killer. I cooled myself. I gave place for love instead of hate. I have repelled the revenge. But revenge seems more powerful. I cannot love Carroll and Barb. I can love Carroll only. If Barb is there, I will hate both of them.

 Barb is my sweet girl. She tried her best to love me. I am also crazy in love after her. Finally, I could not forgo her. I tried my level best to have her and I am succeeded.

 Carroll is my sweet boy. He tried his best to love me. I am also crazy in love after him. Finally, I could not forgo her. I tried my level best to have him and I am succeeded.

 She is a poor girl. She tried her best to love me. I am a fool. I could not understand her.

 I know. She is a nice girl. I love her more. But she always took my love in negative sense.

 I have tortured her very much. She failed in her love just because of me and so she committed SUICIDE. I am a killer.

 I have tortured her very much. She failed in her love just because of me and so she committed SUICIDE. I am a killer.

 _END_

