Love Short Story – My UK Life Journey

Photo credit: 

 from 

My UK life journal

Second quarter of the year 2009, I had the privileged to fly to the UK and seeking for greener Pasteur through Student Visa Scheme. It was a heck of adjustment period. I, the kind of person who trust anybody easily because I always thought everyone are kind and good hearted. Only then when days passed that I started to realised that the world is too dangerous out there, people are using others for their success, most especially I don’t have any families nor relatives in this UK.

After two months, my mother phoned from my country, it was in the middle of the night, she was crying telling me the my husband left our son to eloped with his girlfriend. It was like the end of the world for me. I felt numbness all over my body and I can’t explain how I feel. Then my mother told me don’t come home, for that I will be strong for my son sake. It was easy thing to say but I was struggling, 10,000 miles away from my son I felt for him, but I tried to be strong and tried to divert my attention for his future.

Months passed by, My so called best friend Conchita and I went clubbing. We dance and had few alcoholic drinks, which was not so me because I really don’t drink and smoke… But, that night I tried to be cool. Then someone approached us and introduced himself, his name is Bob, he thought I was like 16 or 17 (but my real age was 34 at that time) so he lied his age as well. Then before we went home, he asked my number. That’s all I remembered.

The next day, he phoned asking for a date. I was like ok, then we went out. It was like several follow up dates, afterwards he offered me to moved in with him. Without second thoughts I said yes why not? That yes, was the starting point of my hell life.

From 2010 until early 2016 we had this on and off relationship. Because literally he was using me to be his housekeeper, cook, and sometimes an ATM. Whenever I go to work night shifts, his girlfriend sleeps in our place. And they were always laughing at me, even telling me that I’m from the jungle. All my anger and frustrations I keep it to myself, I don’t want to lose him. But then it came to the point I have got enough. We parted ways, after a few months I met this someone and we started dating, he promised me the moon and the sky… I got pregnant.

Unfortunately, I was not happy whenever we eat he was always counting, oh that’s £5 your eating, that’s £7your eating… And so on. I was like what? So I ran away. I didn’t know whom to asked for help, so I phoned Bob, he was there to the rescue. I thought he understood my situation but my goodness… Another nightmare. He asked me to terminate the baby. It was against my will and my religion but I to be honest that time it’s the only thing I have to do so he will keep me. He promised he will be good but then, afterwards I was treated more than a slave. He keeps calling me names. I was so depressed and I cannot tell my friends. But then, I left him and start my life all over again, but he keeps on following me… Until now.

My life in the UK since 2009 was really bad. I don’t have proper visa because of Him, I lost my baby because of him, I lost my best friend because of him. I wasted my time, effort and money because of him. Now he is happy, he phoned two weeks ago to tell me that his new Polish girlfriend is very rich, the most beautiful woman in the whole world that everybody stare at them when they go out, that she’s asking her to buy things for her and all. But why is he keep calling me and telling me all me all of these? I don’t bother. He destroy totally my life any sons future, what else’s he want from me. All I can say is that, never be friendly to exes. That’s all I can say.

###

