Love Beyond and More…- Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

People in this world think that it is us who are responsible for our actions but this worldwide accepted fact of billions of people, including me, was thrashed out in the garbage only when I met a person called Smith. Smith was a young gentleman who came to live adjacent to our house on a rent basis. Basically he was a university student and he changed my views forever and ever.

Actually there was a girl in Smith’s life. Her name was “Angel”. Both of them were madly in love with each other. They were dating each other from three long years and the amount of trust, respect, love and care between them was enormous. As me and Smith became good friends, I discovered the underlying truth of his love. I considered myself extremely fortunate to be a live witness of such divine love. Days passed and their love crimsoned and grew more beautiful beyond comparison. Soon I realized what this four lettered word “Love” meant for some people on this earth.

One fine morning when Smith woke up at around seven, he found things unusual. The daily English newspaper had not come that morning, nor could he hear the chirping of the birds and above all not even a single message of “Good Morning” was received on Smith’s mobile from Angel. His watch was also showing two o’ clock and had stopped functioning. Something struck him and he deciphered from such eerie situation that something was amiss. Having prepared a hot cup of coffee for himself, he called Angel. Her phone was switched off. This increased Smith’s apprehensions. And without wasting any precious moment he hurried himself towards Angel’s house to meet her. All the way through he kept mumbling and prayed that “All is well”.

When his car reached Angel’s house, he got down with sedate steps and was appalled to see an enormous crowd of people enclosing the house. Immediately he ran inside in order to meet his beloved but the earth below his feet slipped away when he saw Angel lying unconsciously on the ground, a white shroud covering her pale face. He could not control his emotions and fell on the ground. But something so unexpected happened to him that he rose up strongly with gained composure and empathized with Angel’s family. On investigating with Angel’s family Smith came to know that Angel lost her life in a car accident late night around 2 o’ clock. He learned that day that sometimes in this ephemeral life you have to subdue your feelings and rise above all to cater to the needs of others.

When he reached his home after the funeral ceremonies and all, he found himself completely lost into the sweet memories of Angel. Everything just enclosed a special connotation and pictures flashed in front of his moist eyes. He went towards his desk and picked up the watch which was not functioning. It still showed two. Something so blatant struck him. He now realized why the daily newspaper was missing; why the chirping of the birds could not be heard and above all why his watch still showed two. It was at two O’ clock that angel had died.  Everything held a divine manifestation with it and with a relaxing smile on his face he laid on his bed contended that each and everything was just so “Celestial”.

Each morning now when he wakes up he thinks that the birds sing “elegy on the death of Angel”……………

__END__

