LLC02: Love Letter after Decades

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

She held, in her hands, a wooden box. It was old and its hinges were rusting. The lock on the box was new, however, and small in comparison to the large teak antique. She had the key. She’d had the key for twenty-one years.

Riya stroked the box gently and held the lock in her hands. She was sitting on the bed in his room with a window behind her. The wind blew briskly through the window and across her back. The sky was overcast with dull grey clouds, and it was probably going to rain in a few minutes.

She took out the key from her drawer and pushed it into the lock which opened instantly with a click. She pushed the lid open with a certain scepticism. The first things her eyes caught were his glasses—the glasses he had only used once.

 

That was the scariest day of her life, she recalled. They were only five then. What happened later that day would change their lives forever.

 

Riya held back tears remembering how those words had shocked her and made her cry. She remembered waiting for her mother to come home and tell her everything was fine. She had waited all evening because she was scared. In the end, when her mother did come home, she was still awake, way past her bedtime. Her father hadn’t been able to get her to sleep. Her mother told her that Nikhil was getting better.

 

All those years ago, and that memory still haunted her. She could never comprehend how it would feel to lose her own eyes. She kept the glasses away. There were scores of little things in the box—from stickers, to magnets, to sea shells. In the midst of it all, she found a picture of the two of them, sitting on the same swings as teenagers.

It had taken Nikhil months just to talk to her again. the trauma, the blindness, the pain, it had all left him scarred and he didn’t want to play anymore, he didn’t want to come out of his house, he couldn’t. He could hardly find his way to the toilet without help weeks after he had come home from the hospital. But his mother knew it was killing him. He was just a child.

 

They grew up together like two peas in a pod, inseparable. They had both gotten accustomed to his handicap and there came a point when it didn’t affect them. They still did all the things that they loved doing. Of course, stairs were always a problem but Riya never found it a burden to help him up and down. 

In many ways, she had become his keeper. Nikhil even rode his bike sometimes but only in a stretch of about seventy metres in front of his house. He knew the path by heart. His mother would never let him go further.

Riya kept the photo aside, and then the box. She didn’t know if she could go through it all. She looked at the piano on the other side of the room. He had always been such a magical musician.

Riya cried. She was at the same piano now, playing the only key she knew, the only key he had taught her—a D major. She had loved him more than anything in the world, and she didn’t know how to deal with it. She had always prided herself with being strong and independent, but the truth is, we are all a little fragile, because we can’t be made of stone. It only proves that we are human.

She walked across to the bed again. She emptied the entire box this time, unthinkingly. Of the many things that fell out of it, there was an off-white envelope that landed on the bed, with her name on it. A tear-drop fell on the envelope as she held it with trembling fingers.

The letter in her hand felt too heavy to open and she didn’t know if she wanted to. But she knew she couldn’t help herself. She tore the seal open and took out four pages of Braille and a dozen different pictures of them. Although Nikhil had known simple cursive, he preferred writing in Braille. Riya had learnt it with him. She ran her fingers across the pages, reading.

 

Riya stood on the bridge over a small river. It was a scenic little spot where she came on her own sometimes. It was usually a lonely place in the mornings and it was the perfect place for her to reflect.  She held the box in her hands. She had held on to it all these years and today, on the anniversary of his death, she felt like it had lost its weight. She knew it had to be let go of. She stretched her arms out and in a sudden instant, she dropped the box which flew open and out flew all the things that meant so much to her, the letter, the pictures, the glasses; it all fell into the river and she never saw them again. The only thing she had left was his paper plane that she had kept herself from the day of his accident.

__END__

