TURNING BACK MY PAGES

The room was very calm. Except for the screeching noise of an old fan, a dreadful silence prevailed. Ragu lying in his bed staring the fan scrolling. His body constantly feeling a pain in the stomach, he doesn’t bother it since he used to it.His mind and soul were filled with memories of his past. He thought about his unrevealed love with Meena. Meena 20 years old, angle. She is a tan, beautiful lady with a sharp nose and shaped jawline which are perfect enough for him to fall for her at first sight. The day since his family moved to her neighbourhood, he developed feelings for her.

That day she was standing on the balcony in her baby yellow saree, neatly pinned. Her wavy hair left loose in a careless manner which covers half of her broad forehead. Watching them moving their things… suddenly her gaze went on him, she caught him staring at her. Their eyes locked for a moment and then released after. They never talked to each other, but they relish the feeling going on between them. Meena couldn’t control her urges to rush outside whenever she heard his bullet sound. They share a glimpse and turns off.

He always used to sit outside the verandah with a book only to watch her. She peeks through the slightly opened window to see him. Her bright eyes under the arched eyebrows still shine in his memories. They never expected anything more but loved that unknown feeling. He stayed at home, but didn’t go outside for the whole six months, he is also not curious to know whether she misses him or not…he cherish his memories with her, that would be the only painkiller for him…

Ragu was a photographer at his 25, with a decent income. However, his rude personality was annoyed by his family… his smart body, handsome face and a bad boy kind of looks were inspired by the girls. He is a chain smoker and an alcoholic, who often picks fights with his mother after his drinks. His true self-was not revealed even to the neighbours since his mother covered for him. He worried his mother day by day with his terrible behaviour, till he met her.

Everything changes, something dozed him than the influence of alcohol and punched his heart harder whenever he thinks of her. The strong feeling rooted in him to the core. The pursuit of love haunted and changed him into a man.  He slowly unwinds all the bad habits and eagerly waited for a fine day to grab her hands and propose his love with a beautiful kiss.

But everything changed upside down when he was diagnosed with a blood cancer. He completely shattered and hardly believes the fact that he is counting his days. His mother undergoes a deep trauma. Every night her mild weeping reached his ears. He wishes to live more, to start a fresh life with his mother and his first love, but he knows it’s too late…

Ragu slowly gets out from his bed and went near the mirror, hung on the wall. He looked pale, his shirt was very loose since he became skinny. His tears rolled to his cheeks, he then suddenly turned to another side, he was so relieved that he doesn’t propose her. He saw his mother lying by the side of his bed. She was tired crying and went asleep.

His rude behaviours with her flashed his mind. He felt sorry for his poor mother. He bent towards her and kissed her forehead…he murmured I’m sorry maa..I’m still worrying you…He laid down beside her, pulled her hand and wrapped around him. He feels so warm and secure. He stared her peaceful sleeping face for a long time.

A sudden sharp pain occurs all over his body…he struggled to breathe, he heard a clean white noise in his ears, his vision dulls and goes deeper and deeper into a beam of light…his eyes stay still at his last breath…

–END–

