Short Love Story – Early Morning Dream

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Geetha was sleeping while Suresh entered the Room.

Suresh went near Geetha and kissed on her forehead.

Geetha wake up and surprised to see Suresh.

Geetha got up and sat in the bed.

Geetha lean on his shoulder and hug him tightly.

Suresh gave a smile and gently pushes her towards the bed and lean on her.

Suresh kissed on Geetha’s forehead, and then moved towards her beautiful eyes.  Geetha closed her eyes to allow his lips.

Suresh kissed on her eyes, and then moved towards the sharp nose.  Suresh kissed on her nose and moved towards the chubby cheeks.

Geetha’s pinky cheeks welcome Suresh’s lips.  Suresh kissed on her cheeks and then moved towards her chin.

After kissing on her chin, Suresh looked her eyes.

Geetha’s eyes smiled in happiness.

Suresh went close to her lips and locked his lips with her.  GEETHA & SURESH enjoyed the moment for some time.

Suresh released her lips and looked into her eyes.  Suresh was opening his mouth to tell something…

Geetha wake up from sleep.  It was early morning.

Geetha sweat completely.

Geetha was thinking Suresh you have occupied my mind completely that I get dreams also only about you.

Geetha got up from the bed and went to fresh up her.

Geetha took bath and went near the mirror.

When Geetha was combing her hair, Suresh came behind Geetha & back hug her tightly.

Suresh kept his chin on her shoulder and smiled.

Suresh kissed on her neck and back through the neckline.

Geetha closed her eyes.  But when she opened her eyes in a minute, she found it as imagination.

Geetha was thinking, Suresh  why are you occupying my dreams and imaginations day & night.

 

Geetha got ready to go somewhere

Geetha went down while her family members were telling her something, but none of them was heard by Geetha.

Geetha went out towards the temple.

Geetha prayed to God for Suresh’s wellness with tear filled eyes and return home.

Geetha was not feeling like eating anything & went back to their room.

Geetha took the diary and started writing how much she is missing Suresh.

The tears were coming down her cheeks.

Seetha (Geetha’s Sister) came to Geetha’s room and kept the food for her and went.

Geetha was not showing interest to go towards that.

Geetha started remembering their sweet moments which they spend together since they meet each other.

Geetha’s first meeting in the college.

Their love confession to each other.

Their first hug & their first kiss.

The night in which Suresh took Geetha on his hands and the moments they shared together.

Geetha was thinking, Suresh I don’t know whether you at least remember all those days or not.  But I am missing you.  I am missing you a lot.

Geetha was on the bed with tears without having any food.

Seetha (Geetha’s Sister) came to her room again & saw the food not taken.

Seetha tried to make her eat, but Geetha denied.

Seetha took back the food plate.

Geetha went to the cupboard.

Geetha took out Suresh’s shirt from it.

Geetha caresses the shirt gently and took it near her face and kissed.

Geetha thought of calling Suresh and took the mobile.

But she kept the mobile without calling as Suresh may get disturbed if called during his office hours.

Geetha was standing near the window and continued thinking about their beautiful moments together.

The time moved slowly and the clock showed 8 O Clock.

Geetha washed her face & went to terrace.

Geetha was feeling more bad as GEETHA & SURESH have spent more time together in that terrace in each other arms.

Geetha went to the corner of the terrace.

Geetha was thinking, Suresh how many days passed. Not days, it is months now and in few more days it will become year.  How can you be so merciless on me?  How can you leave me & go like this?

Geetha was unable to control tears again.

Geetha returned to her room again and lay down on the bed.

Geetha closed her eyes.

Suresh went near Geetha and kissed on her forehead.

Geetha wake up and surprised to see Suresh.

Geetha got up and sat in the bed.

Geetha lean on his shoulder and hug him tightly.

Suresh gave a smile and gently pushes her towards the bed and lean on her.

Suresh kissed on Geetha’s forehead, and then moved towards her beautiful eyes.  Geetha closed her eyes to allow his lips.

Suresh kissed on her eyes, and then moved towards the sharp nose.  Suresh kissed on her nose and moved towards the chubby cheeks.

Geetha’s pinky cheeks welcome Suresh’s lips.  Suresh kissed on her cheeks and then moved towards her chin.

After kissing on her chin, Suresh looked her eyes.

Geetha’s eyes smiled in happiness.

Suresh went close to her lips and locked his lips with her.  GEETHA & SURESH enjoyed the moment for some time.

Suresh released her lips and looked into her eyes.

Suresh: Happy Birthday Geetha…

Geetha: Suresh, Is this my dream or imagination

Suresh: This is real, if you want don’t pinch me, instead kiss me & check.

Suresh winks his eyes and smiled at Geetha.

Geetha blushed.

Geetha: How many days passed seeing you?  I thought you have forgotten me completely.  You still remember my birthday also.

Suresh: You think I forgot you going abroad.  I was physically present there, but my mind was around you always.  I love you.

Geetha: I love you too.

GEETHA & SURESH smiled.

Geetha: You have not even told me that you are coming today.

Suresh: I want to surprise you on your birthday.  That’s why.  Did you like my Birthday surprise to you.

Geetha: What is more for me than you?   I am very much excited.

Suresh: I came to know through Mataji that you have not even had food today.  Also you are crying the whole day since morning.  Is this the way of taking care of you?

Geetha: What can I do when your memories are surrounding me in my dreams, imaginations & thoughts?  You know how much I was missing you.

Suresh: I too was missing you dear.  Don’t worry I will take you also while going this time.

Geetha smiled.

Geetha: Suresh, you know I got dream today early morning that you are coming here and..

Suresh: and..

Geetha: kissed me and I suddenly got up from sleep.  My early morning dream has come true.

Suresh: The dream seems to be incomplete with a kiss, but let us complete it.

Suresh with a mischief smile went near Geetha.

Geetha blushed.

Suresh covered them with a blanket to share sweet & beautiful moments…..

__END__

