LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

Revati slowly shook her head.

“No Arpan, I can’t. Memories of your father are all here. I just can’t leave this place and move in with you people. I’m very sorry, son.”

“But, mom, you’ll be all alone here,” Arpan sounded sceptical and worried.

“Yes, mummy, Arpan is right. We can take better care of you if you move in with us, please,” Divya echoed her husband’s worry.

“And, mom, you’ll have the company of Abhimanyu, too,” Arpan added.

“No, Arpan. I just can’t; at least, not now; not so soon. It isn’t even three months since your father passed away. Let us see for some time. You are only ten kilometres away. Don’t worry. I won’t be alone. Your father’s memories will keep me company.”

Revati was lost in nostalgic memories.

“You know, this house was built with his sweat and blood. You were very young. God! How we struggled and what all we sacrificed to make this dream house of his, no, ours stand…”

Arpan and Divya fondly listened to her soft voice narrate incidents from the past.

###

Sundar, Revati’s husband, was sixty-two when he suffered a massive heart attack, which he could not survive. It was a near-mortal blow for the fifty-eight-year old Revati. But survive it, she did. She was consumed by melancholy and depression and withdrew into a shell. For three months, she had been resisting and turning down the invitation of her son and daughter-in-law to move in with them.

###

Revati was dusting the house.

 Revati decided.

She worked through the entire morning, sifting, sorting and storing away Sundar’s clothes.

By the time she finished her simple lunch the maidservant arrived. Revati waited for the maidservant to leave and then plunged into her husband’s table and steel cupboard. She sifted through the voluminous collection of files and records, retaining important ones and separating others for Arpan to review.

Finally, she came to Sundar’s personal diaries, neatly stacked in a chronological order. She glanced through a few entries from a couple of old diaries and smiled. She picked up the current year’s diary and went to her bedroom and sat in the comfortable teak wood rocking chair, which was Sundar’s favourite. She experienced an ethereal feeling of being securely ensconced in his warm and affectionate hug.

She flipped through the pages, starting from the beginning and smiled at some entries. Suddenly, she found a white envelope slip out from in between the pages. She placed the diary on her lap and looked at the envelope. She was slightly amused to find her name scrawled on it. She anxiously opened the envelope. Inside, there were some thick baby pink coloured letterheads with floral design at two diagonally opposite corners. She opened the fold and was pleasantly surprised.

It was written intermittently over a few weeks, with a few days’ gap in between. It was penned on different dates in different inks in his untidy handwriting.

Revati began reading the letter and smiled…

###

Revati finished reading the letter and wept…

She read the letter again and again, assimilating every emotion, every expression, and every nuance of her late husband. She wiped her tears and read the letter once again. She felt the presence of her husband in every word of his letter and every letter of his words. She felt his presence in the house beckoning her. She placed the letter on her chest, closed her eyes, and leaned back in the rocking chair and gently swung forward and backward.

Revati felt a light breeze, which rose from nowhere, flow through her salt-and-pepper tresses. A twinkling smile pranced on her lips.

She murmured gently in a trance-like state.

A gentle humming sound filled the entire house.

Slowly, ever so slowly, the humming subsided…

###

###

A few days elapsed…

“Hello, Arpan.”

“Hi, mom. How are you?”

“I’m fine, dear. How are Divya and Abhi?”

“They’re OK, mom.”

“Listen, Arpan.”

“Yes, mom.”

“Can you pick me up, dear?”

“Of course, sweetheart; say when.”

“Now.”

“Now!”

“Yes, dear, now.”

“I’ll be there in half an hour.” He paused. “Mom, is everything alright?”

“Why? What could happen to me?”

“You sound a little…out of sorts…”

“I’m fine, sweetheart. It’s just that…I…I…I miss your dad, and I miss you all.”

Arpan could hear his mother’s soft sobs.

“I knew…I knew this would happen. You don’t listen to me, mom. I begged you to move in with us…”

Revati cut short her son’s anguished words.

“I 

.”

“You are 

?”

“I 

 moving in with you, son.” She chuckled.

“Mooooom…” Arpan screamed.

Revati abruptly moved the handset away from her ear to obviate the obvious damage to her ear drum.

“When…mom…when?”

“Right now, darling. I’ll come with a few clothes and shift my things tomorrow.”

“Great, mom. I’ll be there in half an hour.”

###

###

The habanero-red Honda Civic sped away raising dust and gravel in its wake, carrying Revati, her son, her belongings, and, most importantly, her memories of her husband, Sundar.

###

“Mom, can I ask something?”

“Yes, darling.”

“All these days you were adamant about not leaving that house. Suddenly, you changed your mind and moved in with us. We are all very happy with your decision but how did it happen? I mean, what made you change your mind, I wonder?”

“I listened to your father’s advice, son.” Revati smiled.

“Mom, how can you…” Arpan left the sentence unfinished.

Revati understood his doubt but did not reply. She just chuckled.

 

###

###

 

 

