Love Short Story – Red Scalp

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is better than a regular way engagement. A meet at her office.

I was welcomed,to the redlighted doom room, by the half eyed her with whisky half-filled

 in the diamond like glass.

She starts with

“I was once used”

 even before I sat down on the red chair.

I said an Hi and she didnt mind of replying. I am forced to sit there seeing her taking her

 drink, for quite a long time.

“Better not drink”

 I think, I said.

“not your maiden mother’s money”….

 I was shocked by her reply.

“I want to talk to you, Thats the lone reason I am here”

 a bit of raise in my voice.

“My ears are not in london”…

she made me said the same thing with a lower tone.

“Please dont omit anything about yourselves or I may kick you out”

 ..

 I was almost shivering of words.She continued

“I once loved an F word boy and we loved

 for kinda long worthless years of three and what, he found a better flesh and I was

 trashed………”

She had a pause…,

 looking somewhere …. went on

“he came back to me the eight day of oldie way break up as he was hungry of care and what, It all started

 back… our damnt love… and one day he saw me drinking and he left.. the very moment!!”

she was bit emotional.

“Its not because you are a women. Its because that useless is a man”

I managed to say that… The next moment she roared at me

“dont put your shit words to describe my love .. you will loose your theeth.”….

I am getting sweat at a heavy dose now.

“will you drink”

she questioned…

“………….nO”…

i said…

“Thats better than

 good” she smiled for the first time…. she looked like an angel then….

“I will throw

 you out of my life anytime if I am unfit of what is between us then.. agree ?”….

I said

 “yes.” …

I will talk to men.. They are my friends. They are not here to compete

 your position… You damn it understand for the sake of hell..

 cowards are men now.” …….

I just said “Okay…”..

…………………..

I saw her crying then… On a sudden.. terribly… she was weeping… she sat on the floor and cried…..

 and after some moments she got up fixed another drink and said

“I showed you my ugliest face.. I cant Be

 uglier than this.. I promise.. Are you okay with me…?”..

I had a smile, took my bag and

 said

 “I am addicted to you…” …

 she cried even more…

__END__

