Love Story – Journey which never destined (part 1)

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is short and sweet journey of Virat and Nisha …………..which never destined…because sometimes 

It was a cool morning. Lazy breeze was blowing, it was singing a sleepy song for Nisha to sleep, sun was also gazing lazily through clouds saying let my heroin sleep…but the only thing which dares to disturb Nisha is virat’s call. Phone was ringing continuously she lazily picks up the call.

 

Virat on other side  

 with half opened eyes she watches at the clock and realizes its already late for her college ………..Looks at her phone , smiles and says herself

… Yup ur Guess is right it was dream of Nisha ….

Every girl dreams of her boy,

 

 

 

 

Ohhhhhhhh what not girl needs everything dreams about Mr.Perfect who is perfectly perfect (may be only in dreams).

The awesome feel for every girl is giggling with her friends about her crush list that day a random discussion among friends made Nisha go through sweet memories of her first crush….

 Armaan childhood crush of Nisha , a crush who never talked to her , who never looked at her even once Going through all that sweet childish thoughts made her to search him in facebook.. (Facebook the best workout for an ideal brain). She was really shocked to see his profile though she was able to see only a lil part of his wall it was a shocking one for her an innocent cute sweet childhood crush of her was looking great in his rugged look…it made her scream in joy awwwwww handsome cool Armaan :) :) She blushed and said 

.

Nisha was very eager to text him, to send him a friend request and his acceptance was like winning an argument (point to be noted a girl really thinks she has conquered the whole world when she wins argument at her side). She sent him a request and she was disappointed …coz he not even accepted or msgd her back..She got to know from a mutual friend that he was a love failure..

 She forgot every thought of him told herself 

It was her holidays time Nisha found Armaan’s mobile number in one of her books reluctantly texted him expecting he would never reply….

 Heyyyyyyyyyyyyy the unexpected was happened it made her day. . her mobile the most lovable thing of her life blinked with text of Armaan, Though it was casual “Hiii“ she was on ninth cloud..It made her fly.. After a couple of texts Armaan asked..

“can i hav ur facebook id??”

 ‘yea y not but i think you will not accept my friend request’ She taunted him

 Armaan confused and surprisingly asked ‘why not why do you think so …’

 Cozzz ‘u dint’

 meeeee heyyyy when did u i dint get it …okk sent it again if u don’t mind …. this reply made her smile

Within a few days Nisha and Armaan became good friends but on the other side Nisha was falling for him though she was knowing he has already fallen for someone..her mind was continuously warning her that he is wrong guy… he is Mr. Imperfect …but her heart was answering all the time that girls usually fall for wrong guys who do right things and “chill babe teri aur uski tho jamne wali hi ny hy” Nisha’s day started with a good morning wish to Armaan and continued with a long sweet chat of hours and hours..in real it was a boring chat where there was nothing new to talk but when u r talking with loved ones its just their reply which makes u happy even its just only k, wat else, ohh or hmmmm you just like to talk with them..

 One fine evening when they were chating Armaan asked Nisha about her first crush though it was a casual question it made her tough to answer she managed somehow by taking few names of celebrities but Armaan asked her again and again about her real life crush she was reluctant to answer it, but he stopped talking to her.. his one word replies made her realise that he wants her to answer. she answered him though she dint like ”Its u…u were my childhood crush and still you are my first crush “ Nisha said.

Armaan was in a shock asked twice “do you really mean what you say’…

Nisha said “yup i do” And i know you wont believe.

After coming to know he was her first crush Armaan wanted to know more and more about Nisha’s thoughts wishes and her dreams their chat became more and more interesting she began to share her every wish with him.. he promised her that he will fulfil every wish of her..

Nisha asked “y do u like to fulfil my wishes”. . she was expecting him to say that “i like u” so..

 But he said “coz am part of ur wishes” though she was unhappy she tried to accept the truth that he never liked her.

One day while they were chatting over a social networking site about how girls make guys fall for them .after a couple of texts Armaan said “lets play a game.”

“What type of task?“ Nisha asked.

“Make me fall for you through your texts If you succeed doing so i will accept that girls can make any guy fall .. ”

Nisha agreed and task started. .

Though it was a story, nisha started living in it..loved the words of Armaan. It was the time when she started seeing Virat in Armaan. Yeahhh!!!!!!! That Virat with whose call Nisha’s day used to start in dreams.. Armaan interrupted the story which Nisha narrated and said “now I will continue it .. :) ”

 He has planned an awesome evening for her .. she was completely and madly lost in their story it was her time Armaan was totally and completely lost in her… but the saddest and worst part was that it was a story, a story which cannot be true..a story which can be just a story.. She was enjoying sweetness of that where Armaan called her sweetu she was screaming, blushing what not doing every childish act pinching herself to know whether it was real coz our heroin had a habit of living in dreams..

Armaan told her “ heyyyy i called someone ‘sweetu’ after a long time…”

Nisha said “but it was just a part of game naaa..”

That reply of Armaan made her jump in joy he said “no… it was not just for a task..

I called u sweetu .. coz I wanna call and I like to..”

Nisha’s world had changed…they used to chat for whole day and night it was the time when she was completely, madly and totally lost in Armaan.. She used to ask Armaan “Can love happen twice” he always answered ‘no we can like a person but love never happen twice’. one day Nisha decided not to talk to Armaan just to tease him she replied harshly when he texted her.. she asked him “what right do you have to talk to me so closely??” “what right do you have on me??” She was smiling at her while texting so harshly.. But Armaan’s reply surprised her he said “sometimes its better when few things left untold.. I thought u will understand my untold words but u dint. but now I can say that love definitely happens twice.” she said “heyyyy I just wanted to tease you so talked harshly thats it I dint mean to hurt u dear.”

Armaan texted her back saying “I had seen many worst days in my life cried a lot I don’t want to see you suffer like that I want u to be happy.” It was last day he texted her so closely..

From that day he started avoiding her.. Ignoring her.. Late replies.. Sometimes never replied she dint understand what was the reason..She asked him ‘why did u talk such closely to me?’ “Was it just for that game”was it all just for name sake?’ Armaan replied ‘yeah it was all for name sake. .now lets be normal again lets talk as we used to..’

Nisha made herself understand Armaan is just like before but its you who have changed. Try to accept the reality everything was just a story… u were living in fake world fake promises fake wishes.. but she was unable to come out of it.. it was her world of Armaan where she saw Virat… seeing this craziness of Nisha, Armaan thought it was better to go away from her life instead of making her live in fake love and fake world of him.. he asked her not to text him as he will not be available for one month he cant talk to her, he will be out of station. She agreed and after one month when she texted him.. same situation was back late replies sometimes never replied..he said her that “u dint talk to me for one month and now I think u r habituated to it and you can be..”

 Nisha got frustrated, depressed and said “I will never text you and you too don’t reply me.. and do me a favour just unfriend me when u don’t like to talk”

 Armaan said ‘I ll do as u say ll unfriend u don’t call and don’t text me.’ He blocked her and never texted her. Nisha mailed him msgd him and even called him many times but everything was in vain.

On other side Armaan was also going through hell he wanted to talk to Nisha but he dint want her to be crazy for him as he knew that he can like her but cant love her and cant make her live in fake world..he wanted her to be happy and thought she deserves a perfect life partner not a fake one but he was not knowing Nisha started seeing perfect Virat in imperfect Armaan…

Nisha left everything to time never texted him never mailed or called him.. Armaan was living in his world thinking Nisha was happy and Nisha was living in Armaan’s world who had added sweetness to her life…

Life is a surprise you never know what it has planned for you its better to leave the situation to time. Coz time changes everything..

__END__

–Ishika

 Story dedicated to every girl like Nisha who just dreams of perfect Virat and falls for Armaan.

