Love Short Story – Falling for You

Photo credit: 

 from 

The alarm beeped rapidly forcing me to get up. I groaned with frustration. With one eye opened, I took a look at the clock. My eyes widened.

“Oh My God! Ugh, I’m gonna be late!” I gasped.

I quickly rushed to get my hair and makeup done. Suddenly I heard a loud rumble.

“Great. I don’t have time to eat either.”

I quickly rushed outside and called a cab. I tipped the driver ahead of time as usual.

“Where to miss?” said the driver.

“Uh, 41st and Mingo please. Can you get me there as fast as possible? Thank you.” I answered.

“I’ll see what i can do for you  miss.”

Not even an hour into the car ride and I’m literally just 27 minutes away from my apartment. Then my phone rang. It was my best friend, Megan. Of course I picked up, she would nag to me non-stop if i hadn’t.

“Hello?” I answered.

“Where the heck are you?! I’ve been waiting out here for almost an hour for you after getting our tickets!”

She talked so loud, it made my ear drums feel like they were going to burst.

“I’m sorry, but I’m in the middle of a traffic jam. When is the concert starting?” I asked curiously.

“In about 20 minutes, you better hurry here fast. There’s already a bunch of people entering the building, we might not get good seats.”

I then hung up on her and got out of the cab. I quickly started running as fast as I can. Checking my surroundings, I was probably 15 minutes away from my destination. Thoughts filled my head as I was running. “What if I don’t get there on time? What if i miss my chance of going to my very first concert?” Finally, with only 2 minutes left to spare I made it.

Megan and I both made our way in and got some seats. It was perfect! The view was perfect from the second floor. I could see the stage clearly, although it would’ve been great to get front row seats. Just then I noticed a guy plopped down right next to me. He had glossy dark brown hair, his skin was smooth without any blemishes, perfect fair skin. I also noticed he was wearing a mask that covered his mouth.

Then without further hesitation, the new rookie group came out on stage. All I can here are thousands of screaming fan girls shrieking out and calling to the group. Although this was only their second concert, their fan base was massive. The guys are better known as G5.

Obviously I didn’t recognize any of the members cause they were so new. There were suppose to be 5 of them, but one member recently got laid off for a while because of a scandal. Some girls on the other side of him started whispering to each other; “Hey isn’t he Shin Woo from G5?” another said “OMG! He totally looks like him!”

The girls started giggling and took picture of him. I looked over at his direction and by the expression on his face, he was annoyed.

“Hey, you. Can you switch seats with me?” he said to me with an irritated voice.

“Huh?” I answered not knowing what to say by the sudden question.

He sighed heavily and then looked back at me.

“Are you stupid or something? I said trade seats with me.”

He got up and and gave me a irritated look then headed for the exit. I was kinda mad that he called me stupid. I got up and tried to follow him. It was tough trying to get through the crowd. He was almost out the door so i had to quickly make my way through.

When he got outside, he took off his mask. He walked faster than I expected. I had to speed walk to catch up.

“Hey, you” I said to him grabbing his sleeve.

I tugged on his shirt to get his attention and tore the sleeve. He shook my hand off so hard that i fell to the ground. Fan girls outside were starting to stare. They gasped and said “It’s Shin Woo” “Did you see what he just did to that girl?” He noticed how they were talking about him, so to keep his reputation, he turned around to me and forced out a smile and said “Are you alright?”

He handed my his hand. I scoffed and pushed his hand out of the way. His expression changed quickly. I yelled “What do you think you’re doing!” He quietly said to me “just play nice and then we’ll get this over with quickly” He handed out his hand to me again. Still, I refused and pushed it away and got up. He sighed heavily and looked at me for a while. Then suddenly he grabbed my hand dragged me somewhere away from the fans.

I tried to shake my hand loose, but his grip was too strong.

“What are you doing!? Let me go!”

He took me to an ally and pinned me against a wall.

“Who do you think you are to ignore and reject me like that!?” he said.

I didn’t answer him and just looked at him. He just stared intensely back at me. After a while, he broke the silence. He sighed and said “Do you know how much this jacket cost?!” I replied to him by saying “I don’t know and I don’t care. The jacket isn’t my problem” He was angered by my reply and gave me a death stare.

“Do you even know who I am?” he asked in frustration.

“Judging by your personality, you’re a selfish jerk.” I said to him.

“This girl really has some nerves. I am Shin Woo from the band G5. I don’t care who your are, but since you ruined my jacket, YOU are the one who will pay for a new one. Every single cent of the $954,289 for the jacket.”

My eyes widened at the amount of how ridiculous the jacket was worth. He gave me a smirk.

“But I don’t have that kind of money on me..” I pouted.

“You can do some work for the next 3 weeks then”

“What?? Are you crazy? That can-”

“I mean you don’t have to unless you can give me the money in 2 days?”

He was making this decision hard on me, but I definitely do not have the money. I also really don’t want to run around doing all his little chores either. What choice did i have?

“Fine, but ONLY 3 weeks and no longer” I sighed.

We both agreed. He handed me a piece of paper with his address on it. I took it with hesitation. He left after handing me the paper. I, on the other hand, texted Megan that I decided to leave early and go home. I was way too stressed to do anything.

Soon enough the day had come. I was dreading this day so much. I quickly got changed, ate breakfast then headed off. When I got to the place he told me to go to, I couldn’t help but dropped my jaw. He lived in a huge mansion with neatly cut grass. There were servants working everywhere in the garden, the pool, the patio, and inside the house. As soon as i entered the walk way a older man asked me “Excuse me miss, can I help you with something?” I told him I was here to see Shin Woo. The man lead me straight to him.

“Sir, there’s a young lady here to see you”

“Thank you Simon. You may go now.”

What? “Sir”? This dude is so full of himself. Talk about self-centered.

“So, what is it that you need me to do?” I asked him.

“I need you to be my fake fiance so that my mother will stop making me go on blind dates” he said.

“Wait, i thought idols like you can’t date?”

He gave me a look as if I was stupid.

“Who said we couldn’t? We are humans with feelings and affections too you know.”

Hearing as how he said that, I thought he was actually pretty wise.

“I can’t be your fiance buddy. I’m sorry. The thought of being with you for three weeks even though this is fake, it kills me inside.”

“Then I suppose you have my money for me?”

I totally forgot about the money. I thought about the offer a bit more then finally agreed. He then called in some maids to come get me. They quickly took me out of his room and took me to a dressing room. They had me waxed, measure my body proportions, then dressed me up. I was feeling quit uncomfortable with my clothes. I was not the type of girl you would see in a dress. They took me back to him. He turned around and his eyes widened, making a satisfied look on his face.

“Okay, from now on you will be living here until 3 weeks has passed”

“What!? But what about my home!? I have to go and take care of my dog too.” I said.

“Give me your house keys and I will have someone go get your dog.”

I gave him my house key without hesitation. I can never live without my dog.

“Come with me. In order for you to be the perfect fiance for me, I’ll have to test you on some basic skills. We’ll start with cooking first. You can cook, can’t you?”

He gave me a smirk then took me to the kitchen. What am I gonna do? I’m a horrible cook. All i eat at home are mainly eggs and chinese take outs. This is gonna be so embarassing! Once we got started, I didn’t know how to do a single thing. I didn’t know how to cut the ingredients, and when it was time for the cooking I burnt the food. He just stood there laughing at me. I got anoyed with his laughing and told him to show me how much better he is than I am. He chuckled and took everything I ruined and threw it away. He sliced the tomatoes, unions, and bell peppers so gracefully. I admit, I was super embarrassed and he was pretty good. The food came out great, nothing was burnt. They were all perfect. I should have him cook for me all the time. He teased me and started laughing at me and said “Even I can do something this simple”

Next, he took me to the laundry room to make sure I knew how much detergent I had to use to wash his clothes and which clothes should only be hand washed. There was s0 much to do that day, I couldnt even focus on anything. He sat me down at a table and told me the main things there are to know about him. I felt like I was in high school all over again. He just went on and on, suddenly it was getting super late and I started dozing off. Not even five minutes later, I fell asleep at the table. He chuckled and said “she’s already fell asleep on me.” He watch me there for a while, thinking if he should wake me up. Then he walked over to me, brushed my hair out of my face and stared at me more. He was deep into his thoughts.

“Even at this angle you look loveable.”

He took his right hand and grazed my cheek ever so gently. He called for some maids and had them get my room ready. The girls came back and told him the room was ready. He carried me and took me up to my room, then he left.

The next morning we continued on with the same routine. Every time i did something wrong he would always try to correct it or he would yell at me for always messing things up. I had the hardest time with cooking. We mainly focused on that for the whole week. I was getting the hang of it, but I always end up making the food a bit too salty or a bit too bland. At least I dont burn the food anymore.

“Lizzy, aren’t you gonna do this right this time?! Why can’t you do anything this simple?! It’s been a week, you should’ve already gotten this!”

I kept quiet all throughout his yelling. I didnt even look at him when he talked nor did I answer. I could feel tears coming up so I quickly excused myself from the training and ran out. Suddenly my phone rang. It was Megan.

“Hello?” i answered.

“Hey, Lizzy. Where have you been this past week? You haven’t contacted me either. Is something wrong?”

I sniffled and said “No, I’m fine.” She asked me what was wrong and I told her. She told me that I have more potential than I know, and that I should never give up no matter how stupid the reason behind it was. I took her advice and went back. As soon as I got back Shin Woo sighed at me and told me that we are done with the practices and that I should just go home. I was heart broken on the inside but I didn’t show it. I went to get my stuff then left.

A few days passed and I couldn’t stop thinking of him. But why? It’s not like we were actually together, but it felt so nice to have someone in my life living with me. He was the first person to ever actually stay with me together under one roof after my parents had passed away 4 months ago. I kept telling myself that what I felt for him was not real, that he only needed me to get out of his mother’s plans for him, he didn’t actually feel anything for me. Days later, I went out with Megan to a bar. I drank and drank. I didn’t know exactly why.

 

I couldn’t stop thinking about her ever since she left me. Why? I need to shake this off. I was just using her, I didnt really actually have feelings for her did I? God, I need a drink. I brought a girl along with me for fun, I didn’t know her exactly, but I’ve seen her around. I took her out to a bar. A few minutes into the bar, I looked around and saw a familiar face. It was Lizzy. “Why is she here?” I thought. Throughout the whole night I just kept looking at her. Suddenly her friend left to take a call then I went over to her. She was knocked out and so I piggy backed her out. I forgot that I hadn’t taken my car so i just piggy backed her to my house. Along the way she woke up, but surely she was still drunk. “Yah, Shin Woo.. You, you think you’re all that?..” she said. I just laughed at what she said. Then again she started to say more “Stop laughing at me. You’re making my self esteem rise. Shin Woo…” She started laughing and I just kept quiet. “Why, why would I like such a jerk like you? You don’t even feel the way I feel..” I was shocked at what she said. She, liked me?

The next morning came around and I woke up in bed next to her. I completely forgot that I stayed up watching over her. Not long she woke up and gasped at the sight of me.

“W-what are you doing here? What am I doing here?” she asked.

“You were pretty drunk last night, but don’t worry. I didn’t do anything to you.” I gave her a smile.

I told her everything that happened and by the look on her face, she was embarrassed. We just stared at each other for a while then she broke the silence.

“What? Why are you looking at me?” she said curiously.

“Lizzy, I like you.” I told her.

She gave me a surprised look. Then I leaned in and kissed her.

__END__

