LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

 Aarav is pacing back and forth in his room. He is bit upset. Something is going on in his mind and he is wondering to whom he should consult in order to make a right decision. Should he talk to his mother? Mothers are very sentimental kinds. They have a habit of making mountain out of mole. Besides she will return from her office tour in night. So, should he talk to his dad about this? Well, he is not that much frank with his dad. But he needs to talk to someone before it’s too late. Meanwhile, his dad, Rohan Malhotra enters his room.

 Dad: “Aarav!”

 Son: “Yes, Dad.”

 Dad: “Son, I have come to tell you that we both need to go to your grandparents’ place for dinner tonight. So, do get ready for that.”

 Son: “O. K. Dad.”

 Dad: “Is everything fine, son?”

 Son: “Yes, Dad.”

 Dad: “Are you sure? Well, I must remind you that I am your dad.”

 Son: “Everything is all fine. But I am facing difficulty in making a decision and I am unable to find an appropriate person for seeking advice.”

 Dad: “What happened? Facing problem in new job or having problem with money?”

 Son: “There is nothing like that, Dad. You can trust your son in that field.”

 Dad: “Then tell me, who is that girl?”

 Son: “Girl? um.. No girl.”

 Dad: “Oh! Come on. Do I again need to remind you that I am your dad?”

 Son: “Well, I don’t know how to break this to you but yes, this is about a girl. I met her a few months back. I knew her before but for past few months, I have been interacting well with her.”

 Dad: “So, what is the problem?”

 Son: “I, myself, am unable to understand the problem.”

 Dad: “Tell me what the scene is, and then only I will be able to help you out.”

 Son: “Well, as I said, I am in touch with that girl for past few months now. I feel good whenever I talk to her. She is someone who can read my thoughts. We both check girls out, together. She understands boys well. Sometimes, she speaks my mind.”

 Dad: “I am unable to see a problem yet.”

 Son: “Problem is I don’t want others to know that I am hanging around with someone like her.”

 Dad: “What do you mean by “someone like her”? She is a girl, isn’t she?”

 Son: “Yes, dad. She is a girl but she doesn’t act like them. She…”

 Dad: “She has a tomboy personality and she does not speak well about girls and she likes speed.”

 Son: “How do you know that, dad?”

 Dad: “How do I know? I am your father, son. I also knew a girl somewhat like that.”

 Son: “A girl? When dad?”

 Dad: “It goes long back in year 1983, son. I was in college, then.”

 Son: “Was she in your college, too? What was her name? Where is she now?”

 Dad: “No, she was not in my college but we were in same school. Though, we got in touch with each other after school, during a reunion of our class. Her name is Sunaina. As far as I know, she is a well known name in writing world, now.”

 Son: “Are you talking of Sunaina Seth, dad? “The glamorous writer Sunaina Seth”?”

 Dad: “Yes, I am talking about Sunaina Seth.”

 Son: “I have heard that she was tomboy in her early days but never thought it was for real. I mean, how can a lady like her be tomboy, even in her dreams?”

 Dad: “Trust me, son. Sunaina I knew was very much tomboy. We were good friends.”

 Son: “You were good friends? But you never mentioned. I have heard about rest of your friend circle but never about Sunaina. What happened to your friendship?”

 Dad: “That is a real long story. I will tell you some other time. As far as your problem is concerned I would give you my advice based on my experience with the hope that you will follow it. Though, choice will be yours only but I hope you would make a good choice”

 Son: “Come on, dad.”

 Dad: “Son, when you find a girl who can read your thoughts, who can speak your mind and with whom you are comfortable, do not let her walk away from you, no matter what happens. She might not look like girl at this point of time. May be she has her own reason of being that way but she is a girl at the end of the day. May be she is waiting for a person who would accept her the way she is, instead of the way she looks like. May be that is her way of judging right person for herself. Once she finds a right person for herself, she will become what her love wants her to be. It should not matter to you how she looks. The thing that matters is how she feels for you. I hope you getting it”.

 Son: “Yes, dad. I am getting and I want to hear your story when we will be on our way for dinner.”

 Dad: “We will see that.”

A little later, dad and son leave for their dinner at Rohan’s parents’ place. Rohan tells Aarav about Sunaina, not in complete details though.

 Son: “One more thing, dad.”

 Dad: “Yes.”

 Son: “Mom knows Sunaina?”

 Dad: “Yes, your mom knows that she was there but she never met her.”

 Son: “Mom knows about Sunaina being in your life and you had a relation with her?”

 Dad: “Yes.”

 Son: “And she never said anything?”

 Dad: “No. Now, stop asking about Sunaina. You tell me what you have decided?”

 Son: “Though, I already know what to do now but I do not want to take any decision in hurry. So I am giving time to myself.”

 Dad: “Good. I hope I will be getting an opportunity to meet that girl soon. By the way, what is her name? Where did you meet her?”

Dad and son keep talking about different things. Aarav has gone to his room and Rohan is sitting in his study. Clock has ticked 11 now. He is waiting for his wife, Paakhi, to return from her tour. Meanwhile, he opens a file with many papers along with a photograph kept neatly inside it. He takes first page out of that file and starts reading it. It is a letter.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Rohan finishes reading letter and glances upon photograph kept in that file. It was a group photograph of his school days, clicked on the day when Rohan’s classmates gave farewell to their seniors. Three guys and four girls were smiling in front of the camera. One of four girls was completely tomboy with short hair, wearing a tee-shirt and jeans while others were wearing suits and skirt. He smiles and has last look of photograph. He puts photograph back in file and keeps that file safely in his cupboard. Its half past 12 now. He picks up his phone and dials a number. Phone rings on other side.

 “Hello.”

 “Hello, honey.”

 “How long, dear?”

 “Just few more minutes, honey.”

 “I am waiting.”

 “I will be right there, love.”

 Within few minutes, door bell rings. Rohan opens the door with a smiling face. Paakhi strolls inside and gives a hug to Rohan. Paakhi is smiling, too. Together they move to their bedroom and get ready to sleep. Rohan is waiting for Paakhi to join him. A little later, Paakhi comes.

 Rohan: “I hope you had a successful tour.”

 Paakhi: “Yes, it was, honey. You tell how things were going on in my absence?”

 Rohan: “Everything is fine as always.”

 Paakhi: “So, is there anything you wish to tell?”

 Rohan: “Nothing important though, I just wanted to tell you…”

 Paakhi: “Tell me what, honey?”

 Rohan: “I just wanted to say, I love you, love.”

 Paakhi: “Oh my honey! I love you too my love.”

__END__

