Love Short Story – And they never met again…

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was a very fine February day. The year had started with a bang. People celebrated the arrival of New Year, as they always did; mechanically and loudly. They had thronged the market place, roads and restaurants – singing loudly and shouting on speeding bikes. Came morning, and the New Year’s rising sun was welcomed with same fervor.  The month had passed swiftly and gave way to the month of February. It is the time when the season becomes most romantic and pleasant. As the day of his departure was nearing, they met each other frequently. Their feelings were mixed. They were not ready to think of their separation, but the destiny had its own way of presenting things. One, who has come, has to go. It has to be accepted by one and all.

The morning was pleasant and so was the time when Suman and Sunil were meeting here in the park. It was a nice and cozy place to hang out. The grass lawns were meticulously manicured and the floral beds with blooming flowers were a welcome sight. Cold and relaxing breeze was blowing. Floral beauties were swinging boisterously with every stroke of air. Nature was in full bloom and seemed happy all around. The lush verdure was a comforting sight which eased the mind and soul. The duo were sitting under the cosy shade of a thick, shady tree. Two small birds were tweeting nearby as if they were trying to resonate their feeling with these two humans.

“Where’re you Suman,” seeing her in a cogitative mood Sunil had asked her in a voice as if it was coming from a deep well. Suman, a slim and beautiful girl lived in a nearby area. She was blessed with natural beauty and innocence, without artificial improvement or make-up. Her beautiful large black eyes always sparkled. Inquisitive in nature, she was loving and eager to know. Simple at heart – tender and helpful – she was always ready to help anyone.

“Will you remember me then?” She had asked him in hushed tone laden with emotion. Her voice was trembling, her throat was choked and her eyes were filled with tears. Holding passionately, Sunil had patted her hand affectionately.

“Why not dear…” he was becoming equally emotional, “…there is no point in not remembering you.” It was last day of their meeting with each other. Within a short period of time they had started liking each other and that liking had now become a bond, not easily separable – at least what they thought.

Now, it was time for them to depart. After much effort and struggle Sunil was able to get a job – though not a high profile one; but it was enough to sustain and survive. He had to join there and was about to leave the city in a day or two.

 

He was teaching his pupil Seema at her home. A plump but fair and beautiful, Seema was an obstinate child of her parent. She was not good at studies. A silver lining was that she had developed certain liking for him and did not misbehave. The room in which they were sitting was shabbily and gaudily arranged, reflecting the general behavior of the house inmates. Her father was a clerk in a government office. As is the generality of government servants, he too was arrogant. He had had a very high opinion about himself. He used to pay meagre sum of money to Sunil as his wages. With whatever wages he earned from tuitions, Sunil managed to apply for jobs and examinations. Belonging to a low middle-class family Sunil took tuition to meet his ends. After completing his studies at University, he started searching job, as most youths of his age would do. Very simple and straight, he was unable to cope with the fast pace of the life. Though he wanted to excel in academic field, for this he had joined research, the pressing economic conditions did not allow him to pursue this path further. His home was nothing but an arena where verbal abuses, fighting and quarrels were the order of the day.

“What’re you thinking, Sir!” It was the first introductory sentence of Suman. She had come to his pupil Semma’s home with her mother to meet their family. Sunil said nothing but smile gaily. Unconsciously he felt an attraction towards Suman. After a brief chat, her mother left for her home leaving Suman behind as she promised her mother to be back soon. She sat quietly and listened to what Sunil was teaching Seema. Her large and curious eyes were full of expressions – sometimes strange sometime inquisitive. After the lesson was over, Seema went to prepare tea and their conversation started.

“Where do you live?” Sunil asked in a rather formal way.

“Across the road,” raising her curved and dense eyebrows she had replied in a hushed tone. As the conversation rolled on, they talked on various things. Time swiftly flew away. After sometime when Sunil raised to be off for his house, it was six o’clock in the evening.

“O God…” Sunil suddenly said keeping his eye on his wrist watch. “…we were talking for the last couple of hours, and it did not feel that way!”

Suman had giggled softly. Sunil liked the way she reacted on his talk. This was the occasion when he felt an unknown attraction for her, but what was that, was unknown to him. Biding good-bye to her he had returned back to his house, tramping. He was in pensive mood and thought about Suman all the way – her way of talking and responding to a particular point, her eyes and lips – about her psyche. She had overshadowed his persona…

After a day or two she met him in Civil Lines – a posh market place of the city. She was alone wearing fawn coloured garments and a small vermillion-spot at her blond forehead. She was looking beautiful in the attire with her careless approach.  As he looked at her, his heart seemed to come out in his mouth. Suddenly, his palate became parched. Both exchanged the views and smilingly she greeted him.

“How’re you?” she had asked.

“Fine,” he had said controlling himself with difficulty, “You have come here what for?”

“I was searching a book,” replied she and offered a cup of coffee together. Sunil readily agreed to the proposal and they went to a nearby coffee shop. The ambience of the coffee shop was decent and calm. Light instrumental music was playing. They occupied a nook seat, ordered the concierge for two coffees and sitting in relaxing mood conversed. They had started exploring each other. They talked on endless topics among them the favorite topics were about films, music, books, tourist destination. It was apparent that Suman was an intelligent and prudent girl. Both started feeling a sense of attraction for each other. The frequency of their meeting gradually increased. The time came when both started feeling an urge to be together. The nearness with each other gave them a sense of satisfaction and joy. Suman used to chirp in his company and he felt at cloud nine.

The time thus flew swiftly. The things we love seem to us short-lived and vanish in thin air swiftly. Suman and Sunil duo were deeply engrossed in each other. Together they would go to movie, visited parks and spend their quality time. Sunil did get cleared some of the major examinations but was not able to crack it finally. Every time with final result came depression and dejection. Gradually his classmates had also gone leaving him behind. The city was becoming stranger with each coming day. The only string was Suman who had held him with city. With every defeat and unsuccessful attempt when Sunil felt low, she would console him and bring him back to normality. It was becoming harder for Sunil to think of himself without her. The very thought of parting with her shook him to the roots. But now, the time had come to part away and they were ordained to be separated.

He was having very few belongings. After packing them up he met neighbors and acquaintances; left for the bus station. The engine of the bus roared and the wheels started rolling on the road. Suddenly he was awe-stricken. He caught hold of Suman from the window of the bus. She had come to see him off, but was a bit late. The bus was moving and with tearful eyes she was waving him. Her red scarf was flowing in the winds. His throat choked and tears rolled down. He saw vanishing red scarf behind. The bus had started its journey. He closed his eyes. The smiling face came before him. It seemed as if she was assuring him that she was with him and will remain forever…

The crowds, people and cacophony of city traffic, was the face of new city where Sunil was to spend rest of his life. He came here for his livelihood which he was able to get with great difficulty. Though he was not unknown for this place, but now when he was to stay here permanently, the things were to be accordingly. After initial glitches the life rolled down and started galloping. He was involved in his work. Initially it was very difficult for him to spend time without Suman. He used to write letter to her almost every day. She would also respond with passion and affection. He would write every minute detail of his daily chorus and about his living. Once he tried and succeeded in calling her on phone. That seemed end of the chapter.

“My dear…” he was reading the letter. The words seemed jumbled up and he was unable to read them easily as a dyslectic child would do. “…this is my last letter to you. I will not be able to keep contact with you from now on. One last request I would like to make you is that you take very good care of yourself.” The world seemed whirling around.

The time is a good healing ointment. It heals deepest of the deep wound and rejuvenates the person for the life ahead. Progressively the ripples died down and the water became calm as if everything was normal.

“Aaksh, come here my child,” a well known voice struck to his ear. Startled he was, he moved around. A middle aged woman with glasses on her eyes was sitting beside the window of the train compartment. The train was about to move and she was desperately calling her son who was standing out of the compartment on the platform. She seemed known to him – the same deep big eyes, oval face and the same sweet voice. He saw her deeply. Both eyes met. The train whistled and started moving. The same old story was being repeated. It was she – Suman, who once again was going out of sight.

__END__

