Love Short Story – My Newspaperwalla

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

He looked at her, shifting his body with the minimum pressure least to wake her up. She had been sleeping for the last two hours of the journey. Her head rested in his left shoulder. Her right hand wrapped around his left hand while her other rested in his chest recklessly. He looked at her again and a faint smile escaped his lips. He thought about the sudden twist that his fate had gambled. Uncertain and exposed.

 

 

. 

 

 

He looked at her again. She lay asleep quietly.

 He looked out of the window in the distant horizon. He could see the sun slowly rising to a new day.

 A new day.

 We’ll be out of the city in an hour or so, he thought.

The bus took a sharp turn left towards the dusty road uphills. It would be a matter of time when they would be out of the city. She had decided to go visit her maternal’s uncle in the Village and stay there till they could figure out a solution to resolve what they had dare to. She had given him the most irrational reply when he had tried to confront her strategy. Lesser known people, less trouble , she had said calmly. Handling a situation with practiced calmness was her one of many demand assets that her profession required during panic hours.

She murmmered something in her deep sleep. He could see tears dropping down her eyes. Don’t leave me, he heard her between her sobs. He hold her tightly and kissed her forehead. She grinned joyously as she seemed to recognise his touch. He held her closer and closed his eyes too. He could feel his eyelids getting heavy. Maybe sleep was coming to him finally.

 

She opened her eyes. She felt a little nauseac. Perhaps the ride, she thought. She looked at the man who sat next to her. He had a handsome face. Well shaved and groomed neatly. He wore a faint smile. He had hold her hand in his, even in his sleep. Never leave me, she had told him. She felt watery sweat between their hands. But she did not care, as long as he would hold her. She always knew, she loved him. He was different Unlike any other man she had known all these years.

 

 

 

 

 

He opened his eyes. She smiled at him. She could feel hear cheekbones turn red .

Had a good sleep ? She teased him lovingly.

 He twitched her left hand playfully. She flinched in pain. The wound had not healed completely. His devilish grin changed into a guilty face. He had not intended to hurt her. I’m sorry Madamji, he blurted apologetically. She could still feel the pain tinge her but more than that she appreciated his unselfish love for her. She smiled a weak smile. She kissed his forehead.

My name is Shimi, she whispered in his ear.

He grinned sheepishly. His cheekbones turning red. He was blushing. She found that to be attractive. He was her’s only. My Newspaperwalla, she whispered softly.

Pratik.

She looked at him clueless.

My name, Madamji. I mean… Shimi. He blushed even more. Suddenly she realised. She did not knew his name either.

 They both looked at each other. A nervous smile across their faces. Than they burst out in a laughter.

__END__

