LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

It is said when you are about to die, your entire life flashes in front of you. I don’t know how much of that is true. But I know one thing for sure. When someone dear to you is about to die, you remember your moments with him. I experienced it sitting next to my husband in his deathbed. The moments you never imagined you will remember in the long run. Some trivial like a day spent gardening and some important like the birth of your first child. We have no control over what we will remember. The brain creates a slideshow of all those memories. All you can do is reminisce those memories and wipe your eyes after.

I have never thought what I would do after he has gone. I never thought such a day would ever come when he will part with me. I always thought he will be around. But now that he is gone, I don’t feel anything. In a strange way I am happy. I am happy that I could take care of him till the end. Because I know he would have struggled on his own. We were always alone except for each other’s company.  I still remember the first time we met. It seems like ages ago, when we were in college. He was walking in front of me and a book dropped out of his hand. I picked it up for him. Coincidentally it was my favourite book.  Margaret Mitchell’s Gone with the Wind. It started us talking and two weeks after I realised I have found my soul mate.

Now that he has gone, I can finally open that envelope. An envelope stacked between the pages of  “Gone With The Wind”. He had written it for me to read it only after his death. Some how he was sure that he would be the first to go. Even though I was the one constantly troubled with ailments. He was always healthy. But that’s the way he has always been. Sure about everything and following his conviction with an ever present smile on his face. It was this conviction that convinced me to elope with him one night in the winter of 1953. His smile had a unique sense of reassurance.

Till that point, I have never made any decisions on my own. I would ask my mother even for what to wear while going out. But that day I made the biggest decision of my life on my own. The girl who used to pester her mother for everything, finally came to her own that winter night. It was his reassuring smile that made me chose him barring religious boundaries and customs. We had a tough going. A life of ebb and flow. Mostly ebb. It was to be expected as we had strong opposition from both our families. There is no way you can convince them about love and soul mate. Nothing can overlook the precondition of being from the same caste. But we weathered the storm. And I thank god everyday for giving me the courage to step out of my house that winter night.

There were two copies of Gone With The Wind in our shelf. It was a symbol of our love. Time has wearied down the book  just as it has wearied down us. The pages have become yellow, the bind torn and covered with dust. But still it stood in the stack watching our life unfold.

I took my specs and leaned in on my favourite spot in the couch. I opened the envelope with a heavy heart and the sight of his handwriting brought a tear in my eye. Soon another drop rolled chasing the first.

 

I took a deep breath after reading the letter. I carefully folded  and  placed it in the book. I felt a surge of emotions. I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. I knew what I wanted to do next. I wanted to cook. Cook his favourite dish,  roti and malai kofta. He would be happy to see me cook. I had no idea what to do after that. So I kept on cooking.

It is said that there are 5 stages of grief. Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression and finally Acceptance. I never thought it was right. But once I was placed in that precarious position, I realised there was some truth in it.

When you are with someone for so long, your activities tend to revolve around them. I never used to pick the newspaper in the morning. He was always the first to get it and it would be there in the table. I miss seeing the newspaper on the table in the morning. He was always careless with the things and his stuff lay all around the room. I was busy all day tidying up the mess. But now I miss the mess. I hate all the neatly placed  stuff. He used to put the wet towel after bathing in his room. I have scolded him a million times that he will catch a cold. But he kept on doing it. Now there is no wet towel in the room. But life goes on and after some days you come to terms with it. You adapt.

One of our main activities on Sundays were feeding the kids in our nearby orphanage. I was happy to cook and he was delighted to serve. We would have our Sunday lunch with the kids. That was the most enjoyable part of our life. Once you get old, you will find happiness even in little things like a kid’s smile. He used to enjoy those visits a lot. After the lunch ,kids would gather around him and he would tell stories about how he worked in a million companies and then started his own business. He enjoyed the kid’s interest in his stories and their gaze with admiration. He felt like a hero among those kids. After that we would spent the evening watching the movie on Doordarshan. With the advent of cables and satellite technologies, there are a million channels to choose from. But Sunday times were always Doordarshan time. It has become our habit, a kind of tradition. No matter what the film was, we used to watch it. Even if we have watched it many times or it was a bad film, we would watch it over a cup of tea. Doordarshan carried a unique sense of nostalgia with it. It was like going back to our home, like visiting our childhood. Turning back the clock.

The third Sunday after his demise I decided to go to the orphanage. The kids asked about him and I answered with the cliché that he has gone to heaven. I pictured him sitting with the kids,telling stories and cracking jokes ( atleast he thought it was joke). Then I laboured back home, made tea and switched on the TV. Our favourite movie ‘Deewar’ was playing on Doordarshan. I sat on the couch, sipping  tea  and watching the film. Alone .

__END__

