Love Short Story – The Savior(Part 1)

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Pihu!! You all right? Got hurt na? Baby,why did you…” his voice shook as he ran towards her but she stood there still beside the road in shock.

“I cannot get hurt Sahil..I m all okay..but you are careless.You don’t take care of yourself. What if something had happened to you? What if the truck had..”

“Shhhh..pihu..Baby m fine..and would be..i have my saviour with me. A superwoman who just dodged my death..Your love is my long life baby!” Sahil said holding her proudly.

He hugged her..Pihu, Yes Sahil’s possession. Sahil’s lady luck. Yea this was she.The brown cascaded curly beauty who could make a painting speak,who was a magician in attracting everyone with her voice and anyone would go rapt. A melody which serenaded Sahil”s ears day and night. Her peachy pink lips were like glistening strawberries which made Sahil salivate every time she urged near him for a cosy moment. The birds were in love since five years.

Five long years of celebration was today. Yea,their anniversary. Pihu came to Bhopal from Mumbai just in the afternoon to meet this guy who was her oxygen. Love was so etched between them and carved on their souls. Pihu has been Sahil’s saviour since always..From making him escape punishments to making him quit cigarette and now she had simply risked her life to pull him out of the accident that was just about to happen. Without a second thought, she ran towards him for the rescue. This was selfless love.

“I cannot dodge death always Sahil. You should start being careful.Start caring for yourself. When will you?”

 Pihu said upsetly hugging him.

“I m sorry..i was so excited to meet you babie..i was just preoccupied.But you risked your life for mine..”

“Cause you are all i have..Sahil, You dont know what it costs to lose your life when you own the biggest reason to live. When you wanna live. Never ever be careless on the road again. Think of the ones who wait for you to return home. They love you. I love you”,Said Pihu crying..

Seeing her in tears was something Sahil could never ever tolerate.He couldnt bear the sight of those diamond eyes fountaining. All he ever wanted to make them shine with bliss. Sahil hugged her tight but noticed people staring at him who were passing by.

“Why are they staring so much.?Cant i hug my girl?duh”

 “Shh,Sahil..lets celebrate our anniversary..lets go hmmm..”Pihu said holding him.They began walking.

What Sahil adored the most about Pihu was her way of walking with him..She used to keep singing melodiously all through the walk.Her voice echoed like some melodious debutante singing her first gala.This was ultimate bliss for Sahil..He was never tired of walking with her..for miles without fatigue reminders.

 “You are the light..

 You are the night

 you are the colour of my blood..

 you are the pain

 you are the cure..

 you are the only thing i wanna touch..”

She kept singing holding his hands..

 He kept holding her hands pondering how lucky he is and how strangely beautiful this woman beside him looked.It seemed she was some Godly princess with a hallow around.She was glowing like morning dew,twinkling like fireflies over ocean waters and glittering like an ore that was just purified from its crude form. She appeared beatific. Sahil felt jealous of the people staring at them thinking boys might be checking out his little girl..

She looked at him again smiling and sang

“I ll let you set the pace..

 Cause m not thinking straight..

 My head is spinning around

 i cant see clear no more..What are you waiting for?”

They both laughed and walked singing vociferously in chorus.

They reached Sahil’s flat. Sahil had decorated the full room with balloons. Sahil held Pihu’s hand and made her enter inside.

 She got emotional seeing the collage Sahil was working hard for since weeks in the time he got after his hectic job.It was filled with songs written by him for Pihu. It was speaking of all the days they spent together. There was every little moment that was captured and cherished.

“You have delighted me baby. This is so amazing. These pictures and songs.. Just keep this with always here or wherever you ll go..Whether m there or not”, Pihu quoted with tears kissing her cheeks.

“Why you saying like that?You gonna be with me always.After my job transfer,i m gonna talk to your parents babe for our marriage..You are path and destination”

“I m scared Sahil.Life is too short.What if things dont go according to what we have dreamed of?”

“Comeon shhhh,It ll go exactly as we want..You are what i want.Now lets cut the cake”,Sahil remarked kissing her forehead.

There he was few minutes later with a cake so lovingly talking of love between the two.The cake was a red velvet of roses..There was a knot made of fondant with a message written on it,”I ll cut and cross all the boundaries to reach you..”

Pihu smiled with tears and kissed him.

“There wont be any boundary Piha,that ll cease love between us.I m gonna be yours forever..”

“I m gonna be yours too Sahil before and after i die..Happy Anniversary”

“Dont talk of dying again..I shudder my little angel.You are my life”,Sahil clutched her in his warm arms. Pihu didnt say anything further. She just clutched him back and closed her eyes. They had an amazing dinner in the candles, clicked selfies with hearts and balloons..Sahil made a sweet video of his lady love and his ball dance to cherish after she goes back to Mumbai.

It was 2 am after hours of romance ,fun, laughter and cuddles when Sahil was lying in Pihu’s lap and he was staring at her. He took her palm and kissed it.”Sleep baby”,she said patting him.

“I dont wanna waste my time in sleeping.Cant i keep looking at my girl who is appearing so angelic today?”,Sahil asked her winking naughtily.

“No,because tomorrow you have your office. And i gotta go too..”

 “Thats what is making me not sleep.You are going back tomorrow only and that’s why i don’t wana waste my time sleeping..”,said Sahil sadly.

Pihu knew what to do.She started her melody again patting him..

“like a river flows surely to the sea

 Darling so it goes

 Somethings are meant to be

 Take my hand..

 take my whole life too..

 For i cant help..

 Falling in love with you..”

Sahil loved this Elvis Presley piece.The serenading voice was kissing his ears.There was a cool breeze and the warm touch of his saviour’s hands. Slowly, he was asleep.Waking up in the dream where he was in the same room with Pihu standing at the edge of his bed. She was twinkling like diamonds like some rutilant princess. She was smiling.

“Sahil..

 I need to go..I was time bounded.Yes, i also crossed a boundary. Boundary between living and non living to reach you. I wanted to stay but i cannot. I wanted to keep patting you but i cannot. Just promise me you will never whiff again or start drinking. You will take care while crossing the road. You have to live two life now. One for yourself and one for me.

There is a girl in your office, Priya. She loves you immensely but couldn’t say it ever. Just give her the place you gave me. If you can,fall in love again. That’s what i wish. I wish your safety, for your happiness and your long life..”

Pihu started moving back steps. Sahil was still clueless as it what was happening.

“Piha,Wait..where are you going and why you said all that?We are together.Whats wrong?Why would i consider Priya?I love you..Listen here”..

Pihu didnt speak another word.Soon she disappeared.

Suddenly,Sahil woke up to the alarm clock’s tone from this nightmare.He was sweating and tensed as to what he saw.

“Thank God.. It was just a dream..Pihu..Pihu!”

 Sahil called Pihu not finding her beside him to tell her this dream which had shocked him.There was no answer.

 “Pihu????!!”

 He searched her in the entire flat.There was no sign.He looked at the time,it was 8 am.

 “oh sh#t..She had a morning train..My alarm was set to 5, why did it ring at 8?”said Sahil confused.

Sahil thought Pihu had gone to catch her train and didnt disturb him while he was sleeping.

He rang her many times but there was no answer. Then finally he called at Pihu’s house and her sister picked the call. And Sahil received the biggest shock of his life.

###

(to be continued…)

