Love Short Story – Cracking codes

Photo credit: 

 from 

As I watch you walking down with your friends talking nonsense, I think to myself;

That’s it! I don’t want to see that young woman ever again. And I am lying to myself

because no matter how I feel, I will always get to see you unless I cowardly do something

to make my family decide that I have embarrassed them long enough that they are left

with no option but, to chase me away from their house since I am old enough to have mine.

I never thought that at my age I would not be having no woman and no child. At least I should

be having a shack and a pet dog to bark at passersby and thugs with intentions. All I have is you.

I am yearning for your love but, I do not know who is making you happy for now or who always

did. I do not know what I am about to say is going to destroy me and leave me with no dignity

at all. All I know is it has to be said so that your reaction to it will give me a chance of being your

future husband. I love you. If what I have just said does not fill your heart with joy, I do not know

what else will. Above all things, I see how much you try to be on the same bed with me thought-wise. I cowardly cry myself to sleep each time I see you feeling love pain in my name.

I know I am supposed to say you and I are halfway through our love journey but, I am scared. I do not know how our neighbourhood will react since they take me for non-human. I have tried to explain to

them how humane I am and even went as far as letting you touch me to feel how I am different

from your pet and dolls. But nah, they continue to view me as a chancer in love because I have

never publicly declared my love for you ‘til now. After I having realised how you keep them quiet

by telling them how you and I are so much into each other, how no man can tear us apart like we

are some old skins, I am so full of myself that I feel like our parents knew what they were getting

themselves into when they created us.

 

And I draw strength from knowing most of your relatives—if not all of them. I can tell you a story about them that could either make you forever hate me or forever loving and thankful that I took time and effort. Because loving you gives me eternal bliss and if you never saw a man blush just take time or if there is not make it and listen to what I have to tell you. Love is so fragile. I began to realise after watching you getting off your new car wearing only a short-skirt and a big smile.

I was so glad to see you but consequences that might have followed had I not said hello and goodbye. I had to talk like that because by the look of things, you do not know how people of that street are. I have a gun on my head every night or at least their threats are just so undesirable like that and they make me hate all of them for it. And love you for pushing them out of their superstitious boundaries. And I tell them every week that I have boundaries, that a man without is as good as dead but, do they ever listen?

I have an ego they say but they do not know its condition. They do not know whether it is hard or soft. Because I only love you but trust you wholeheartedly, I am going to tell you this; my heart is soft as pudding, jelly, putty soft porridge, sponge and silk. Yeah! It is all things you and I like. You can press it to your satisfaction and get fun doing it.

With I, you should not be scared of how you do things because I am a free man and will never put your soul up for sale or tax you to death. I let you go without having had taken you into my room because I know you are more special than that. I have seen young women getting inside nobodys’ rooms and come out with a baby bump. I would ask them questions if I did not know what is good for me but, ever since I know that it is you who I am blessed with, I see no reason in talking to people without intuitions because my good needs our protection. They look down on me and say I will not amount to nothing.

I am succeeding, hence I spend so much of my spare time talking to nobody but you. All those women I ever loved have these big rings adorned on their fingers and dress curtain-like dresses to hide their bruises and other marks of youth. I do not know if mentioning them will give you courage and strength to fight on for what belongs to you; my heart. But what I do know without sounding too preachy is we are made for each other and the chemistry between us will never be broken.

I know that I have blown too much chances for us to be together and I will have to work hard doing it. But if I do fail to make it up to you and our community win you over, I will let you be what you would like to be. I am cracking codes and breaking all ethics of human existence. Moral and amoral so that I can find myself wake up beside you one day. You and I have to make that day possible, look at a calendar and jot the damn thing down.

__END__

