Love Short Story – 20 Minutes and A Lifetime.

Photo credit: 

 from 

She went on and took her white dress from the cupboard, her hair a little wet. Her face looked fresh as morning dew and eyes had the charm like a newborn. She was beautiful but she never looked this way until today. Her face today was like a rose bud…..pink and a lot to unveil.

For the umpteenth time, she checked herself in the mirror. Perfect. She thought and left for a place that awaited her presence. With every step ahead, she felt her heart gasping. She walked first, then paced and then finally ran. It wasn’t a long way, so within five minutes, she was there. She reached.

The panorama of what she saw made her awestruck. But isn’t she been here before? Yes. She was very much familiar with the mountains, the river, the sand and the boats. The only thing she never felt here was that strange charm in the breeze. And then she sooner realized it wasn’t the breeze, it was HIM. She could now see him coming towards her. She pinched herself twice. No, this definitely is not a dream.

And there they were. Standing amidst the mountains and river, facing each other. She can see herself in his eyes. In his perfectly looking brown eyes that held many hidden desires. She was nervous. He noticed the nervousness and in response, smiled. A miraculous smile on his beautifully carved lips. Charming and mysterious. He held her hand. She felt a rush. He clutched her fingers into hers and walked to the riverside. No words uttered yet.

She had her hair open and they were as reckless and careless as her thoughts. And this time the peculiar smell of her hair made him nervous. He stared her. Strands of untamed hair on her face, sticking to her lips. Involuntarily his hands reached for her face. He very carefully removed those strands. She can hear her heartbeat. He might have heard it too. His fingers were still on her face. Swiftly moving to her lips. Like trying to read them. He felt her trembling. He grabbed her and now he can hear both the hearts beating together. They were close. So close. Eye to eye, nose to nose. Lips to lips.

Everything seized to exist. The valley, mountains, river, boats. Nothing existed and nothing mattered. They were together and inseparable. She was wrapped in him and yet felt free and complete. They didn’t stop. Kissed. Again and again and again. No words uttered yet.

Her phone rang. She opened her eyes. Woke up from the bed. Instead of picking up the call, she went straight to her dressing table, looked herself and smiled. Then looked at the watch, she was late. She was in deep sleep from past 20 minutes. The phone rang again, she picked it up.

She needed to get ready. And she had to make it quick. HE was waiting for her at the riverside.

She went on and took her white dress from the cupboard.

Her dream was as real as life and her life as imaginary as a dream.

__END__

