Love Story of valentine’s day – Midnight Chocolate

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I am finally going to add her today and have a Midnight Chocolate with her.” I said looking at her profile on Facebook.

“Who is she?” Ankit asked with eyes pooping out of his spectacles to have a sneak peek on her profile pick.

“Aisha…” I said. ”I have seen her in gym many a times but couldn’t get any opportunity to break a conversation with her.”

“So what do you think?? Is she going to accept… She seems to be really gorgeous?”

“I hope so!!… Here I go!!” I said and clicked on 

.

A message popped up on my profile after ten minutes.

I replied

“Ankur…. Get up!!!” Ankit was yelling on the top of his voice…”Ankurrrr……”

“What is it??” I opened my eyes….

“Don’t you remember we have to go… we are getting late…”

“Where are we going??” I asked still in sleep. “And where is my laptop, wasn’t I surfing Facebook?”

“You must be kidding me…” Ankit frowned. “You were surfing Facebook in your dreams too.”

“hmmm…” was the only thing I could say.

“Ok leave that and get ready buddy… We are getting late. I got your clothes ironed too… Yours everything is in its place…”

“hmm…. just give me five minutes.”

*****

“Happy Chocolate Day!!!” I said and kissed Aisha on her cheek.

She gave her same sweet smile. It was 11:50 at night and we were sitting at the pool side in our society with our feet inside the water.

“So finally Mr. Coder got the time to meet me…” She said while looking at the other side.

“I am sorry baby… You know how busy I was. I literally tried many a times to get out of the office but those project builds and all such stuff kept me bounded…” I said and there was a silence….

“Oh S**t!!! What am I talking about?? Let’s forget that… Now my whole night is yours my love…” I said and went closer to her to hold her hand in mine.

Finally she looked towards me and I thought my last line got me the brownies.

“So where are you taking me on Valentine’s day??” She smiled.

“Valentine’s Day!!! ….But did I ask you for being my valentine this time??” I grinned.

She narrowed her eyes and her facial expressions were something to watch out for at that time.

“Oh yeah, you are right. So whom are you planning to ask for an out??” She said while raising her right eyebrow as high as possible.

“I was thinking if I could go out there alone and just try to hit on some stranger. What do you think?? Isn’t that a great idea???”

“Awesome!!… Why don’t you just do me a favour? Take me also along with you. I’ll also try to do the same; after all I would never like to spend my Valentine’s Day sitting alone at home.”

“That’s cool!! It’s a deal then.” I said and brought my hand forward for a high five.

She put the chocolate I gave to her back into my hand and closed her eyes. Again there was a deadly silence and all I could hear is her breathe. I waited for her to open her eyes back. Few minutes went like that and finally she opened them and there I was standing inside the pool in front of her with a rose in my hand.

“Can I have a pleasure of having my princess as my Valentine not only for this Valentine’s  Day but for all the days I am going to open my eyes in the morning and find myself still breathing.”

She kept silent and was just looking at me.

“I think its past midnight and water is a bit freezing so I think I deserve the reply a bit earlier.” I winked.

She burst out laughing and started splashing water at me.

“You idiot… I am only your valentine no matter you ask me for it or not…”

“I know…” I went closer and lifted her by her waist and there we were standing inside the water. She put her arms around my neck and the rest I could feel was her lips on mine.

All of a sudden I opened my eyes and all I could hear was noise of vehicles around me with the drivers yelling at the top of their voice to get out of that traffic. Ankit was sitting beside me in the cab he has booked for the night.

“Where are we???” I asked.

“We have to still cover a lot of distance. It’s going to take half an hour more I think…”

“S**t!!! It’s already 9:30, we are getting too late”

“Really!!… And who is responsible for that??”

“Ok fine! My mistake that I went to sleep…” I said “I just hope that we reach there on time…”

*****

“So here we are…” Ankit said and paid the cab driver.

We got down of the cab and I could hear the sound of music being played at a distance and the cheerfulness in the voice of all the people passing by me.

“Are you ready for it??” Ankit asked and put his hand on my shoulder.

“Certainly I am!!!” I smiled “I just hope that we are not late.”

“Don’t worry boy…. we are on time…”

There we were, standing in the mid of the celebrations going on all around us. But all I was searching for was Aisha.

“There she comes!!!” Ankit said…

“Isn’t she looking gorgeous???” I smiled.

“Indeed she is…” Ankit said “Come let’s go and meet her.”

“No wait…. have patience for some time.”

“Ok Mr. Coder as you wish….”

I looked at him and smiled for him referring me as Mr. Coder.

“Oh c’mon… now don’t look at me like that. Why can’t I call you that if she can?”

“Because only she can….”

“Ok Ok… Now let’s go and meet her. She is going to be busy for the whole night but we have to get back home also”

“Yeah… let’s go…”

Ankit held my arm by my elbow and took me towards the stage where Aisha, the bride of the night, was standing with her groom at her side.

“Ankur…” Ankit called me.

“Yes!!!”

“Aisha is standing right in front of you.”

“Oh Sorry!!!…” I said and brought my hand forward…”Hi Aisha…Congratulations!!! And all the best for your future…”

“Thanks Ankur…” She said and her hand, which I could have differentiated in millions, was in mine for a fraction of second though.

*****

“I hope you are fine…” Ankit said.

“Yes buddy I am…” I grinned “I am certainly happy for her”

“I wish I could see you both standing there together as a happy couple you used to be.”

“I wish I could see that too with my eyes…”

“Are you Ankur???” A girl came to us and asked.

“Yes I am” I said…

“This is for you… Aisha asked me to give it to you…” She said and handed over me a piece of paper.

“What is it??” I asked Ankit…”Just read it for me…”

 Ankit read.

“What’s the date today???” I asked.

“14

 feb…it’s the Valentine’s Day….”

__END__

