I have always wondered what makes a huge difference in my life, My decisions. Decision whether good or bad should always be made on your own.

It had been a month and a half since i talked to the girl i loved after i got suspicious that she had moved on. I was relaxing in a coffee shop after a long tiring day. I saw a couple sitting opposite to me, who were very blissful and happy in each other company showering each other with love which brought a smile on my face as they made me take a trip back to my memory lanes and started remembering how happy we were in our past but the sudden sound of a plate breaking into pieces brought me back to my senses and what i saw made me sad.

The happy blissful couple which made me happy was now arguing with each other about something which made my smile disappear. The boy was going all loggerheads with the girl which made the girl cry and tears were rolling down her eyes. I got curious about what had gone wrong. I then tried to understand and listen what was going on over there with them. Upon keen observation and understanding of the situation all i knew was that the argument sounded similar to me. It was the same argument i had with the girl i loved when i got suspicious that she had moved on. I was shocked of how everything would go down into something so bad as the last time i had seen them a few minutes back they were all bliss and happy.

I left the coffee shop and i started my car and drove back home. I went inside my room and all that situation i saw back at the coffee shop started taking me back into my memory lane when i had the same argument with the girl i loved the most. Suddenly as i was thinking about that situation my mother came near and put her hand on my head and started asking about what is distracting me so much and what was i thinking about. I told her about the argument which took place between the couple back at the coffee shop.

My mother replied in just two sentences, “If you love someone you need you need to trust them and its all about your decisions. It may be good or bad it depends on you about what is your decision” and then she left me alone saying come eat your lunch its already late. My mothers reply astonished me and made me think if my decision in the past was a good or bad one but “Past is Past”. I took out my phone and dialed her number thinking its better late then never, and its my decision to make a good one or bad one. I called her, she answered the call saying “Hello”, then i replied “I am sorry”………………..

What happened in my life as well as what is going to happen in the future is all due to my decisions good or bad. What about you guys? What do u say?

–END–

