Short Love Story – Autumn Memories

Photo credit: 

 from 

As the first yellowing leaf fell off the tree, Josephine hopped around, trying to catch it before it touched the grass. Clutching it to her heart, she remembered her dead husband’s last words fifteen years ago.

The memory brought tears to her eyes and a sudden ache in her lonely heart.

 She recalled how theirs had been an arranged marriage, a marriage out of convenience.

 She had hardly been eighteen back then, when her single mother passed away, leaving her in the hands of a strange man, her soon-to-be husband.

 

But it was difficult to hate a man like Roger for long.

 He was what most women dreamt their fathers could be like and hoped their husbands would learn from. With his eternal kindness and extremely cautious flirtations, he had swept her off her feet gradually.

 Despite her reluctance and forced hatred, Josephine had found that her young heart was melting for Roger as he determinedly continued to woo her. As the days turned into weeks and the weeks turned into months, their emotional separation was dwindling but the ache of their physical distance was making her go crazy with longing. It made her realize how much more difficult it must have been for him, having to watch the three feet difference between their rooms and wonder if their hearts would ever become one.

 However, one terrible autumn, fifteen years ago, a fatal heart attack took his life.

 

 

Josephine had thought that day to be the worst in her entire existence and constantly wondered how wonderful it would have been if she had loved him from the start. They’d have had two more years to make many more beautiful memories. But these thoughts were a waste of time and they represented regret that could never be taken back.

It was shocking to her that no matter how much love they shared, they had never had children. It used to upset her when she had thought about it, sitting by the window sill, waiting for Roger to get home, but then he always managed to make her feel better about herself. He had never let her feel guilty for being the reason behind their child barren lives.

Over the last fifteen years, life had become very dull for Josephine.

 Every year, in autumn, she’d stand by the tree in her yard, waiting to see if the leaf that fell off the tree would be hers, waiting patiently for her turn. Because, in life, she had nothing left to wait for. But in death, she longed to be joined with her husband. That longing grew into an obsession that took over her mind and soul.

 She’d sit under the tree, holding on, hanging on, but not wanting to any longer.

 For fifteen long years, she spent her lonely days awaiting her chance.

 The first night after Roger passed, Josephine didn’t think that she’d be able to live through the silence that reverberated through the walls and the emptiness next to her that consumed her. But eventually, the silence grew more tolerable and the empty seat next to her became a familiarity.

 Every night, she still left a plate out for her husband.

 But tonight, she wouldn’t need to.

 With the leaf still in her hand, she knew that her time had come.

 Taking a deep breath, she let it go.

 Slowly, the leaf fell to the grass.

 And with that, so did she.

__END__

