Love Short Story – Love makes Life Beautiful

Love makes Life Beautiful – Love Short Story

On hearing the announcement that Nellai Express was late by 20mins, I mumbled “Ushh!!! Usually I come late…”

I was waiting for my train in a long platform. It was quite interesting, the platform was loaded with people who were headed to various parts of south. Some had come to welcome or send off their relatives, friends and dear ones with loads of happiness or sorrows… In short, that platform gave me a different experience.

The waiting seemed to last for eternity… “How long should I wait? Oh god!!!…”

I didn’t know whether God heard my words… Immediately an announcement came “Nellai express would arrive shortly on platform no.8”…

I thanked God and took my baggage with enthusiasm… Train arrived… The moment it arrived, people started rushing towards their respective compartments, squeezing and dumping themselves in… But I had all the time in the world… I always have the habit of checking the passengers’ list (oh common it’s a guy thing… checking the list and praying for a girl ‘s name “girls’ names would be a bonanza!!!” under the age of 20… I am no exception…)

God heard my prayers for the second time that day…. (No, I didn’t bribe him, promise…) I saw a name “Madhu age 21”… Then I boarded the train and placed my luggage under my seat next to the door… The train was almost full and people were still rushing to get their seats…

Train started!!!!!… In a lightening gap, I heard a voice…

“Madhu…Madhu… Take this water bottle… You didn’t eat since morning… Get something and eat… Message me once u reach home… bye… take care…”

She was standing inside the train near the footsteps…

I forgot to blink and was staring at her…I did not want to waste even a second!!!… She didn’t notice me, I guess… (But guys beware. Girls are very clever, they can easily sense and identify such stares without even turning back….)

She was gorgeous, charming in her pink tops and blue jeans… Her eyes silently spoke a lot… She nodded for everything that her friend told…

She was waving her hand to her friend with tears… She then entered the compartment and occupied a seat opposite to me…

(That time I felt, “I’m the luckiest person in the world…” But guys always have a habit of making girls crazy… )

I took my cell phone out and started texting my girl friend…

“Hai… I got into the train…How abt u??…”

In between I saw her, she too was using her mobile and texting… I got a reply from my girl friend…

“Y did u msg me nw…Did i ask u to text??… Sterday hw many times I asked u whether u r gng to ur native??… not evn a single reply frm u… If I ask u something, u knw hw to escape frm me… pls leave me alone… ya i too boarded…”

(Meanwhile, a tea vendor came and Madhu was asking for two tea… All the people in my compartment were engaged with their small talks and some other playful activities… Some had even dozed off…)

Within a fraction of second I looked at her and said “How can I leave you alone Madhu… Last night, my cell phone was drenched in rain… That’s why I didn’t reply to your messages… Have u checked whether your messages were delivered… I know you would be angry with me dear… Even I came early to the station to convince u… You are late today…”

Madhu handed over the other cup of tea to me and said , “Ok!!!…I know… But I was tensed, I was not sure whether u will come with me or not… This is my long time desire, you know right… I have a surprise for you…”

With great desire, I asked her “What is it???…”

“Here is your gift…” Madhu gave me with a pleasant smile…

To my surprise, it was a cell phone…”How did you know???…”

Yesterday night, when I didn’t get reply, I called you… Your number was not reachable… So called our friend (your room mate)…He told me everything and I only asked him not to tell you…

I removed my sim card from my old cell phone and put it in my new cell phone…

Madhu winked at me and said “You only know to give surprises ah…I too know Mr. Karthik…”

I replied to her in message from her gifted cell phone “Thank you dear!!!… I love you so much… Be with me forever…”

“Karthik… Is this the time to tell our love story to your son…” Suddenly Madhu’s voice brought me back to reality……..

“Gautham… Get up… Go to your bed…”

“Madhu…Leave us dear…We are spending our time together… Gautham is the gift to our love… True love triumphs…”

__END__

