LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

It was the darkest hour and the sky was cover with thick dark cloud. Amrit was standing on balcony. Certainly, he was staring somewhere far off. His body was present but heart was lingering somewhere else. Initially, he could not understand why he was dismal. Nevertheless, later he discover that it was because he was feeling isolated. Something was missing in his life. It was just four letter word! The most beautiful four letter word that only lucky people find…

Soon it started drizzling outside, so he went inside and drifted to sleep. This was only place where he could live happily, where he can love someone. In his dreams, his love did not have any name, image, voice nor shape but just a heart that take any shape, voice, image or name, just like water. Now he was in the world where he was the king. It is his creation things his way of living. His world, which is call “DREAMS”

Amrit was standing in bus stand and wait for the bus to arrive. He saw a girl who was standing at the corner of the bus stand. She was his classmate; the simple girl he has ever seen in is life. His eyes lit up in delight by seeing her. She met his glance, which was enough to fall for her. May be her eyes were having those intoxicating attitude which rarely any one use to have, or may be that charming smile that can conquer many hearts.

‘Hi Amrit how are you’ she said and came near to him.

‘Hey, Shruti’ He said, ‘I am fine. What about you?’

‘Cool. Do you go in this bus?’ she asked, as she rolled her eyes around delightfully.

‘Yup, well you seem to come with your father, aren’t you?’ I asked, curiously. If she daily comes alone from now then it will be awesome!

‘Actually my father is out of station and he will come after a week’ she reveled, adjusting her red chuni (veil).

Slowly their conversation took interesting turn. They did not even realize when bus arrived. After boarding the bus, they took the last seat.

Amrit was always wanted to talk with her but he couldn’t gather up so guts to talk with her, so he waited until life gave him the opportunity to grab. And he did, that is how their friendship started. They often use to give time to study together rather than watching movies or going out. Many students use to tease them as couples but it didn’t affect their friendship. May be it was because they never mind to care about others view. Or maybe it seems that two were in love. Whatever was the matter they always keep saying to each other ‘let the people say whatever it doesn’t matter because it’s not going to change the truth, however we two know the truth that we are friends, right!’

Amrit was not fully agreed with the saying as somewhere deep inside is heart there was small secret dream to marry Shruti and to abide with her forever. Nevertheless he never revealed that secret from his heart, even though the girl always use to say about her dreams to marry a man of dream. She even expects that someday Amrit will also say that the man is none other than himself. They often use to laugh, jest at each other and sometimes even a fight may also take place. Despite of all this they never break their friendship. As they promised each other together ‘Even though something cruellest happens in near future, we will always stay together and fight together.’

Time passed away very quickly, they didn’t even realize when two year passed. One day when Amrit headed back to home, his mother handed him one letter that was in pink colored.

Her mother said ‘Beta (son), Shruti gave me the letter and ask me to give you. I think she was leaving the city.’

He felt like something stab his heart but that pain seems nothing compared with his pain. He could not open the letter as his hands were trembling. He could not accept the truth. He sobbed silently for an hour. After that when he calmed himself. He opened the later trying to think positively.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘I love you too, Shruti’ he said.

Suddenly he got up from bed and opened his eyes. It was just a dream. He could not believe it! Everything was just a dream. He was happy that it wasn’t real and she is here in this city. However he was sad that the time he spend with her was a dream and his memories were a dream. He never thought that someone real can also come in his dream. Every time his dream was not clear but this time it was quite different, like it was a reality. His dream was fading, but he wrote all that he could remember. It is a fact that dreams are forgettable in 10 minutes after sleep. However, Amrit was well aware of this fact so he noted down this dream what he could remember.

There was one more thing that he never expected and even dream in his entire life. It was his dream itself was turning into reality. The very moment after he reached to bus stand he found that Shruti was there, standing and waiting for the bus. He rubbed his eyes and tries to figure it out whether it was a dream or reality. The most interesting thing was the reality was coinciding with the dream that he dreamed. Same as dream of Amrit, they became friend and soon their friendship was becoming stronger. Shruti started relying on him and begin to say about her dreams. Amrit was expecting this but he didn’t reveal his secret as he wanted her urge him more indirectly, so that he could be sure of it. Amrit begin to take more care of him then before. The love between them grew more and more. Soon the time passed and the day arrived when Amrit decided to revealed his secret to her.

The fine morning he went to Shruti home as he knew that her parents were out of town for some reason. Amrit took one rose in his and a letter that he prepared for her love, Shruti. He knocked the door. She opened the door and was surprised to look at him standing in front of her. He concealed the letter and rose and letter back.

‘What are you doing here?’ she asked curiously.

‘I want to talk to you’ Amrit said

‘Now!’ she exclaimed.

‘My parents will come home soon. What is so urgent?’ she asked, glazing at his deep eyes.

‘If not now then never’ he said and knell down in a romantic way and gave her a rose. ‘I want to become your man of dreams, love and best friend too. Will you accept me?’

She covers her face in hands surprise, happy, tears rolled down from her cheeks. She couldn’t say anything but kiss him. Latter the Amrit gives her the letter. That night she opened the letter and read:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tears fell from her cheeks and she hugged the paper and cried and smiled slowly. It was true that she was going America after a month. The days passed and the day arrived to say bye. The next morning was her flight.

‘Don’t worry I will always there for you. No need to cry because it doesn’t suite your beauty and my strength, isn’t it? So like a good girl enjoy your life. I want to talk a lot more things about what you did in America when I will be next to your door.’ Amrit said, by controlling is emotions.

‘Promise me that you will come.’ She said innocently.

‘Still, you don’t trust me? – Of course I will come.’ He said. They both hugged each other.

 

Ting tong! Ting tong! The door bell rang.

‘What the hell is with this guy?’ she muttered. She was talking about a guy who is an American and like her a lot every day he come her home in morning. Shruti never liked this guy but their parents do. The guy is little stubborn and persistent according to Shruti. She even threatens him to slap him. However this guy is ready for that also!

‘Wait a second!’ She said firmly, and rushed towards door with a cooking pan. She opened the door and raised her hand to hit the American guy, but she was surprised to look at the person who was standing in front of her. He was hiding something behind. He was frightened, wondering what he did wrong.

‘A..MR..RIT’ she stammered, her mouth was open and she could believe in her eyes. ‘I am sorry I didn’t mean to hit you’ she claimed.

‘Wow, I didn’t expect this. I know you didn’t, but for whom it was’ Amrit asked, puzzled.

‘There is a guy who lives near our home and use to come my home every day. My mom and dad like that guy so I could help It.’ she said and suddenly, she turned away in rude way, making her face.

‘Era… What happen? Shruti. Why are so rude with me?’ Amrit asked,

‘You came so early then I expected’ she said with irony.

‘I came early? Coming after four years is early? I think I should have come more late it seems’ he mocked at her.

‘What? You are really an idiot! You made so long to come. I thought you will come within one year.’ She revealed.

‘Sorry beauty. Here is something for you’ he said and extended the rose to her. Her face lit up in delight.

‘Hey, Shruti’ a voice caught their attentions. They both turned and looked at him. He was Shruti’ American friend name john.

‘Amrit, he is my friend john. And john my love Amrit’ she introduce both of them. They both shake hands but john shake hands in shock.

‘So Shruti, he is your lover?’ john asked.

‘Yeah, I use to tell you know I am waiting for someone. He is the one and we fell in love in India’ she explained. John face seems to be gloomy.

‘Don’t worry john, I understand your feeling. Every love has a day’ Amrit said and smiled.

And you know same like other love stories…HAPPY ENDING.

__END__

