LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

The clock is ticking tirelessly, its faint sound echoing through the eerily quiet room.

 It looks unusually empty but if you try coming close enough, you’ll find a girl crouched in a corner writing furiously.

 Her hair unkempt, her clothes torn, she is humming to herself as she’s thinking, her pen vibrating rapidly in her nervously shaking hands.

 There is a piece of paper in her hand that looks botched with drops of ink.

 From a distance, those smudged circles almost look like smears of blood.

 One can’t see the words in that paper but I know that she’s writing a letter.

 Because that letter is for me.

 And it goes something like this.

The cupboard creaks.

 As if on cue, she looks up, stopping her writing momentarily, as her eyes dart from side to side, her eyeballs tinier than anything I’ve ever seen.

 Even though the day is being extremely windy, the wind chimes on top of the open doors don’t move. It makes me wonder if something is horribly wrong not just with the girl but with the whole house as well.

action. 

 

The unwashed wisps of hair on her face seem to excite her. She darts her tongue out like a frog, her eyes going cross from the strain of trying to follow her action, as she tilts her head in an odd angle to catch her hair in her mouth. Once she manages, her chewing continues endlessly.

 It disgusts me. She disgusts me.

 But she also terrifies me.

 

There is no fridge in this room.

 So I don’t know what she’s talking about.

 But if I squeeze my eyes into really tiny beads, I can see empty bottles of beer on top of a shelf.

 There are over fifteen empty bottles.

 Did she drink them all?

 Or are those my used bottles?

 I can’t decide which one of these options is scarier.

The wind chimes finally begin to move a little.

 It’s getting windier outside.

 They sound like a warning to me.

 She looks up at them, puts a finger up to her lips and makes a loud hissing sound.

 I think she’s telling the wind chimes to keep quiet.

 But no words come out of her mouth.

 Just the trembling finger against the chapped lips of a deranged girl.

It’s been over four hours.

 She sits there, crouched on her knees, as she adds papers to her already piling up collection.

 The letter is getting longer now and eventually, she’ll expect me to read it.

 She doesn’t know that I know all these things already.

 A few twists of her hair are now dripping from her saliva.

 I close my eyes in repulsion.

She begins chewing at the shirt’s collar, her eyes vacant, and her smile revolting.

 There are remnants of chocolate between her teeth.

 Wrappers are strewn around her.

 She holds a corner of the shirt and sniffs it, closing her eyes in pleasure.

 With her grubby fingers, she picks up another piece of chocolate and pushes it deep into her throat.

 Another wrapper gets thrown on the bare floor.

 Then, she picks up the pen again.

The cupboard creaks again.

 She looks up, her expression one of frustration.

 Slowly, taking the support of the wall, she begins to stand.

 Her knees crack painfully but she doesn’t even flinch.

 Limping, she makes her way to the cupboard and bangs the doors shut.

 “No peeking” She says to the closed doors, speaking for the first time in hours.

 Her voice is high pitched.

 But it has a strong base to it and suits her demeanour.

 She limps back to her corner, giggling to herself as if she’s done something cute.

I spot the luggage bag near the door.

 It’s big and yellow.

 I imagine it’s full of clothes.

 She puts the pen down and stretches her fingers. They make tiny sounds like little bones are breaking.

 If you look closely, you’ll notice how her fingers have blisters from tightly gripping the pen for countless minutes.

 She calls it love. I call it psychotic behaviour.

 

I shudder as the cold breeze brushes my bare skin.

 She’s now writing at a very fast pace.

 I think her letter is almost over.

 Soon, it will all be over.

 

My story has come to an end in her letter.

 I can tell, because she’s put the papers down and is now hugging her knees, rocking herself to and fro.

 The cupboard creaks again and along with it, the wind chimes start to sing.

 She shuts her ears and starts rocking herself harder, her eyes wide and her lips shut tight from the spine chilling tune that she’s humming.

 The cupboard creaks one more time.

 I cannot control it.

 As she gets up, I take a deep breath and watch her from the slight crack from between the doors.

 My leg is starting to kill me now.

 I clutch it tight and close my eyes, wondering when this will all end.

 If only I knew that one harmless fling would bring me to my death.

 Because I know that the only way that this nightmare is going to stop is if my heart stops first.

 As she comes closer, she peeks back at me from outside the cupboard doors.

 “I told you to stay inside!” She says, her tone that of an angry mother.

 I stop breathing, scared witless that she’s going to hit me again.

 But she just bends and picks up a drop of blood that has escaped to the floor.

 My blood.

 And then she sniffs it.

 I hear the ticking of the clock and then the ruffle of papers in her hand.

 At a distance, the wind chimes sing again, warning me.

 But it’s too late.

 

