Love Short Story – When I Met Her

Jerry Edward a young guy is residing in Chennai who was before living in his hometown Tuticorin with his family.He was working in an IT company and was given a separate apartment for residing.Everyday he used to go in office car and was enjoying his life because the working place was a new atmosphere for him.

One day in his company he was asked to go to New York for training and all arrangements, expenditure was done for him by his company.He was eager to go because he had never went in flight and have also not seen any foreign countries.When he went to airport he struggled a lot and was unable to follow the procedures in airport while checking.Finally he gets into the flight and was seeing everything with great excitement. A girl named Vino Dorous was sitting next to him. She was a Indian born and American living girl. While travelling in flight suddenly he got hiccups and felt shy to call air hostess for asking water.Vino helped him by calling the air hostess and gave him water. Jerry thanked her for the help and they both started to talk. They both came to know that they are going to the same destiny via Franck Fort. He told her that he is going for his official work and she told that she is returning to New York after visiting her dad from Mumbai.They had some interesting conversation and reached Franck Fort.

There was exactly 8 hours for next flight for them.They both were sitting in airport for long time and was bored.She asked for his mobile number but he denies to give her.She requested him to come with her for shopping and he did.In airport they got 1 day tourism visa and came out of airport for shopping.He was bored because he had no idea on anything but she was busy in shopping.He felt happy that he’s roaming with a girl after a long time.

Unfortunately her purse was robbed she was unable to pay the money and insisted him to pay.He paid,after paying he told her”you would have paid with your credit card which you are having in your pocket??”

She just made a smile and told that she forgot about it.It was time for them to catch the next flight.They went inside the flight this time they both were sitting in different places.Vino came and exchanged the seat with the guy who was sitting next to Jerry.Again they both were having good conversation.It was time for them to go,they both shook the hands and went on to their respective work.

After going to his hotel room he was thinking about Vino and was unable to forgot those moment.He was waiting for the next opportunity for having a meet with her and felt that he would have got her mobile number.He started to search for her in New York to the places were ever he goes but unluckily he was unable to find her.It was time for him to leave the place when he stepped in the flight he remembered the conversation they both were having and was feeling that won’t it happen again.

He reaches Chennai and goes to work as always in car.One day his office car did not went in usual path,he enquired the driver regarding it.The driver told him that “a new person has joined in our company and they have asked me to pick that person along with you”.

The car was waiting outside at that person’s home to his surprise it was Vino.They both were shocked to see each other and didn’t spoke and felt shy to speak.He was so happy on seeing her and did not even imagined that he would work along with her.

While returning from office that driver asked number from her because when he comes late he would intimate her,she gave.Jerry noticed that number and was planning to call her that evening.When he typed all those ten numbers he gets an anonymous call it was Vino.He was speak less and talks to her slowly and invites her for dinner.She accepted and came.He asked her why you came to Chennai??

She replied that”my dad’s health condition is not good so I left New York and came to Chennai and also told him that she was having plan to work in Chennai,now my dad is in other part of Chennai in my sister’s house who was shifted recently from Mumbai ”

He asks her how and why did you get my number??

She told that”from office staff I got your number for……”she was unable to complete that sentence and felt shy and also told him that”my dad’s health condition is not alone a reason for my shift to Chennai it’s also because of you,after missing you in airport I was unable to concentrate in my work and was thinking about you”(he thought about himself of which he had the same feel).

She suddenly proposed to him,he was not shocked because he invited her for the dinner for proposing only.Without waiting for the next second he accepted.He asked her to come in his bike so that he could drop her.After reaching her home she invited him to her home and he goes in.It was a quite small home which the company had allotted for her.She requested him to stay with her for that night.

He told her that”no it would not be good and decent ….”

Before completing his speech she came close to him and kissed.After a while he pushed her away and goes to his home and made a phone call to her and told”sorry for that it was just an accident”and she told that”for this why are you saying sorry but I thought of giving you a lot more..”and speaks romantically to him.Everyday they both were travelling in same car and were enjoying their life.

Since it was festive season he was planning to go for his home town Tuticorin and say’s to Vino that he is going to his hometown and will be residing there for 5 days and also told her that next time when he goes to tuticorin he would go along with her.She asked him to have contact with her through mobile.He goes to Tuticorin in bus and was speaking in his mobile with Vino while travelling.He reaches the bus stop early morning and goes in walk to his home and unfortunately saw his ex-girlfriend Jenny while stepping into his home she was residing opposite to his home and thought about his previous life time with Jenny.

Jenny and Jerry were doing their schooling at same school and used to go in same van but won’t use to talk with each other.At the final year of his schooling she used to come to his home and used to get books from him.In school he was admiring her a lot and she used to see him in a way that he does not see him.During break she used to come to his class to see him but acts like talking with her friend Deepa. His friends noticed that she is coming to the class for seeing Jerry and whenever she comes or crosses the class his classmates used to shout his name on seeing her.They both were going for same tuition while returning all his friend used to come along with him and dispersed one by one when they reach home.

When Jerry and Jenny turned to their street his friends made a crazy noise.She told him that”at starting I thought you were a not a good guy but now realising that you are sweet and a kind guy”Without saying anything to her he leaves to his home.It was time for them to choose their college.Jerry joined in a college which was in Chennai but she continued her college in Tuticorin. Before leaving to his college his sister told him that Jenny wants to meet you in terrace it seems.

Since they both were residing in opposite houses they both always used to speak from terrace.In same way he goes to his terrace and Jenny from her house terrace they both were speaking for a long time and she asks him to meet her in church that day evening.He goes there and meets her personally she told him that”I wish that you would be with me throughout my life”

He understood her indirect proposal and told her “yes I will”.They both were planning to go for a movie next day.They were standing outside the theatre and meets her friends unfortunately there.They joined along with them and all were enjoying the movie.After the movie her friend Deepa asked him the address of one of his friend.He writes the address on her hand,when he touched her hand Jenny became anger and dragged him away from her she was so possessive Jerry did not liked that behaviour from her.

He goes to Chennai for college and everyday he used to speak with her in mobile.Jenny used to come to his home and enquires about him from his sister.When he comes to leave from his college his sister used to say him that“Jenny used to come to our house and enquires about you”.

During his final year college he came to his home for leave and meets Jenny’s sister on roadside and spokes to her.While speaking he saw Jenny coming on that roadside and gets dispersed from that place quickly because whenever she saw him speaking with any other girl she would get anger and shouts on him. Jenny asks to her sister say what were you speaking with Jerry don’t lie to me I saw you both speaking at that street corner.She told that he was just enquiring about my studies.

Jenny does not accepts to her answer and things that she’s lying and went to meet him and told him that”you are not true to me and hiding everything from me without sharing(in mind he thinks that if I share to you anything you are shouting like a…)hey stop thinking in your mind.I saw you speaking with my sister why did you not told me?? You are studying in Chennai how will I believe or trust you that you would not go outing with any other girls there??

Since she was in great anger with him she told him lets break up.He told that”do u know what are you speaking??”

She leaves the place without speaking to him.He goes in bus to Chennai at that time he gets a call from Jenny,she told him that”sorry I was in anger with you,sorry for that situation please accept my apologise”.

He replied”I thought that you would call me,leave that thing” and they both again starts to speak and had an interesting conversations while speaking unfortunately his mobile was discharged he was unable to contact her.He reaches to Chennai and makes a phone call to her and told sorry the battery was discharged.She told him no you cut my call with an intention to ignore my speech and again starts to shout on him.From that time he decided not to speak with her and Jenny also decided not to speak with him.

Jenny came to know that Jerry had come to his home for festive leave.She was eagerly waiting for him to see and decides to go to his home and hugs him from back.Jerry thought of saying to her about the relationship between him and Vino but thought that it was not the right time for him to say and was in a great confusion.

He met all his friends and was spending his time with them and told them he is committed with a girl name Vino in Chennai,we both are working in same company and told info regarding them. He came to know his old friend kelvin is also working in Chennai and was chatting with him for long time and gets his Chennai address and told him that he would come to his home on one day.He started to speak with Jenny as always because when they both loved she told him that”if you ignore me and marry other girl I will kill that girl without any hesitation”.

He comes to Chennai one of his friend was having a wedding on that day evening all his friends came there.Jerry went with Vino for that reception and all his friends were jealous on seeing them.Vino was talking with his classmates(girls) and he was speaking with his friends.They asked him what are you going to do with Jenny in future??If she comes here what will you do??

He told them that he will take care of it and told them that”she will not come to Chennai for this wedding and all from Tuticorin”.When he finished his speech his friends told him that”hey she came da..”.He was shocked to see her and was crying like a baby within himself.He told his friends that he is going to leave the place and asks them to take care of Vino and also requested them to not to say that he is out of this mahal to her.

He went out of that place Jenny noticed him and followed him,Jerry also noticed her he thought that it was time for him to say the truth and went inside a restaurant she also went inside and sat next to him and told”surprise”.He acted like he did not saw her before and saw her with great excitement and told her that” I am going to say you an important news and say her the relationship between him and Vino”.

She thought he was kidding and told him that she came to Chennai for seeing him.When he showed the photo of them she gets upset and starts to walk out of that place in anger,he shouted stop! But she did not mind him.Unfortunately while crossing the road a car crashed on her.He was shocked to see that and admits her in hospital and calls Kelvin.He told to Kelvin that “say to her that you only saved her and speak with her in admiring words”.(when he met Kelvin before in Tuticorin Kelvin told him that he is in love with Jenny and asks him to help for that.Jerry agreed to that)

Jenny recovered and asked who admitted her.Doctors replied that Kelvin your friend.When Kelvin went inside to see her she asked Jerry to meet her.

Jerry came and told her”you must not die Kelvin is living for you and a true lover who saved you,if you respect me please marry him”.She told him that she needs time for deciding and thinks that why should I die for him(Jerry) and thinks a lot about her life.

After few days Jerry was married with Vino and was residing in a home together.Someone knocked their door it was Jenny along with Kelvin came to his home for giving invitation for their marriage.He was happy to hear about it.Vino took the relationship between Jerry and Jenny sportively and did not made that issue big. He went for their marriage with his wife and was happy to see all his friends again.

__END__

