Short Love Story – Hardly any striking day

Photo credit: 

 from 

16

 October, 2013

Dear Friend,

Travelling from one highland to the other, the country of Nepal is really giving me some signifying moments that I would love to remember… forever. I should tell you that I have finally found my love, who was always with me, in the class, in my eyesight but tragedy took us to such a position where we never realized our love for each other. Here, being in Nepal I found her to be inside me. I shouldn’t forget to mention you that right now, I’m in Nepal, enjoying my vacations delightfully. The Nepal has given me so many things within these few days that I ‘CANNOT’ forget EVER in my life.

The place is just awesome. No one can utter a single negative word for this country which is bounded by angels in all directions. The girls… oh! Man, you won’t believe me until you Google it out yourself.

Anyway, moving back to my main motive that I was discussing ‘bout… she is Priya. I never ever thought in my seventeen years of age that I would get in a tangle with her whom I teased all the day with her funny surname. I mean it is so funny that one can’t resist teasing her without that. She can be seen with her group of three girls amid herself, moving together always- probably glued up by Faviquick, not talking much with others, being quiet in the class except whispering with her “Faviquick or Favicol mates”.

Today, while travelling from one uncertain place (whose name I managed to forget within 12 hrs) to Pokhara, my cellphone beeped twice. Thrice. And continuously vibrated with the beeping process. The compact car, inside which I was sitting amid with my family made it difficult for me to take out the cell from a tight jean’s pocket. I managed to take it out before its fifteenth beep and found my Whatsapp inbox to be stuffed with twenty messages from a group chat where I was made a part of. I paused before opening the homepage as I noticed one of our trip mates to peep into my screen. But his gaze was automatically removed as he found nothing special other then the iPhone droplets theme that was set months ago.

“

” that was the name of the group where I was added. The line was simply extracted from a popular Airtel broadcast ad which meant ‘whatever belongs to me, also belongs to you and whatever you have, it also belongs to me’.

The group wasn’t as special for me as I had only one mutual friend there. It was the girl who added me to it. Palak, Priya and a few more pals were there in the group whom I was not familiar with. Hold on… did I say pals? No sorry they aren’t my good friends… just acquaintances.

I slowly read out the conversation that was going on and found it pretty funny to continue. So I skipped it and clicked on the group wall to find out the members that were a part of it except me. The first profile pic that immediately attracted my eyes were of a girl with a Vodafone number that I identified by reading it out. We have a business of communications, so we know what service company one uses just by reading the first four digits of the number. I opened her account and found a beautiful cute girl in a blue-white gown alike the previous England princess. It was Priya, my classmate. But I never clicked with the idea that she can have such beautiful collections of picture. I saw the beep which marked her to be online on Whatsapp.

‘Hey!’ I took the initiative to start the conversation, sitting in the back seat with few uncles who were busy sleeping.

‘Who r u?’ she replied back immediately.

‘Check out the DP and you’ll get it’ I smartly threw back.

For the next few minutes she didn’t replied back. I guess she was busy checking out the picture or she was… least interested in talking to me. I waited but got not reply from her and decided to keep back my mobile without wasting my battery. The moment I put my finger on the back button, her reply came apologising not for replying as her network was out of order. Later, she inquired me from where did I get her number and I answered her questions that were being put up one by one.

Our conversation was going good, the way I wanted it to be. At times, I managed to flirt with her and at times I tried to flutter her which she didn’t mind at all. I realized how good she was, just by talking to her on whatsapp. Sorry, texting.

After an hour of texting, I had to back out for the day as my battery was at the point of end. So I said her that I’ll talk to her the next day, after completing my routine trip. She agreed and we ended for the day… right there, and right there, she was slowly making her place in my heart from the very first conversation. I forgot the rules of ‘First friendship and then Girl Friendship’ and managed to excuse my heart directly to go for love first.

Eagerly waiting for tomorrow to come as I get to talk to her again with more time in hand. Till then good night and have a nice day further, friend.

Regards,

Aryan

**

October 24, 2013

Dear Friend,

Today morning, we returned to Kolkata after an exhilarating trip of fifteen days where I met all those moments that are powerful enough to cherish my thoughts. I should tell you that the trip was just AWESOME as I learned what real adventure means. Leaping from one mountain to the other, trekking the highland roads where using car was impossible and making love in Whatsapp. Life was just awesome these days. The sad part returns again as the school would be opening from next week.

I successfully made friendship with Priya which helped me know her better and eventually, it made me stop teasing her with her surname. I mean, I have decided not to tease her anymore when I get back to school. She too is being soft with me, sharing her fantasies and having fun with me. By this time, I have learned a new style of texting on Whatsapp that is generally used by Priya. The method is quiet stupendous but it helps me to keep the reader excited ‘bout the facts that we’re talking about. 

. We shared our thinking towards life, shared our likes and dislikes and found many of them to be alike. Last week she asked me question that made me more attracted towards her. I think that she too is taking steps gradually towards me. Who knows, it may be true that she can’t resist me all the way. Well honestly, I should mention that I never leave any of the chances that I get to flirt with her.

‘Well I should tell you, Priya that I always wanted a girl like you to be my GF’ I flatter her a lot, thinking for some positive reply but instead I just one word. No!!! Don’t get into any slangs or bad things… It’s just a thank you with which she ends our topic every time. Yeah, I forgot that she also includes one smiley which keeps me awake in her thoughts.

Certainly, I think of only one thing and that’s my real aim right now.

“Flatter her as much as You can. Flirt with her till your fullest and get the result within this month” and that’s what I am following. I need her. I need her badly. I need that girl whom every boy masturbates of, though I don’t care ‘bout their feelings. I want her badly because I’m in love with her, and that too… “Badly”.

Friend, I’m too tired for the two days of journey that I had been involved in for getting back home, sitting in the chair and type these craps. For today, I should end and certainly I’ll write to you again… maybe when I’ll have something interesting to say and I think that day is slowly approaching.

Good night and wish luck for me. I’m gonna propose her at the very first day as the school reopens.

 

Regards,

Aryan

**

 

November 5, 2013

Dear Friend,

As usual, I went to attend the first day of school today after having a bottle of TZinga, which would help me in charging up to directly propose her. She too arrived, a bit late then usual time. Maybe her bus arrived late. Or maybe, she arrived late to the bus stand. Whatever it was but at least she came, and that’s what I was eagerly waiting for many days. She looked more beautiful than usually. Or I only imaged that ‘coz I think of her in different way, now. Her beautiful strands of hair came down to her face, escaping the ears, where it was bunched. Her pinkish cheeks which immediately turned red as Palak pulled it. Her lips, which appeared to be pink without any glossy lipstick… her dark 

 made her eyes complete… and everything, turned me mad as I noticed them carefully.

Once, her eyes flashed at mine as I moved outside the classroom for some reason. To be honest, almost all boys assumes themselves to be the king of the universe if any girl even looks at them once and the same happens with me too. I felt myself to be in the ninth cloud as I noticed her eyes falling on me.

Later, that day, I asked her if I can sit with her and she immediately accepted my request and insisted me to come and sit beside her. By god’s grace, I should say, Simran who was one of her mate was absent and the seat beside her was empty. My heart was smiling at its full length, thinking the day to be the best one. And I too thought the same. My friends gazed at me, made fun involving mine and Priya’s name as I sat beside her. But unfortunately, I was not up to the mark of proposing her. I imagined her being mad at me for the proposal. So I ended up announcing myself not to propose. I decided her to propose some other day, when I’ll feel free. I decided to propose her on that day when I’ll grow up some guts to do that. Till then, I must be her side friend in the class.

Love,

Aryan

**

 

November 14, 2013

Dear Friend,

It was a hard day that I can never forget anyway or the other. I couldn’t wait anymore, so I directly proposed her today through Whatsapp. I should extract few messages from the conversation that we had today noon.

“Hey” I started the conversation as I saw her being online.

“Hello… wassup?”

“NM. Just had lunch.”

 “So… say” suddenly she put up a question that gave me bit courage to rise up my feelings.

“I… love someone a lot…”

“Oyyyee hoyyyee, who’s dat?” she replied back immediately

“U knows her pretty well… more than anybody else” I put up a hint, which generally every boy does before proposing.

“Really? But I don’t think so. Say nah” her quick replies showed how excited she was to know the name. So I don’t make her wait any more and finally said it.

“It’s you Priya… I love you. Love You” I replied after a while, when I noticed continuous texts from her side asking me the name, not being shy and all.

And suddenly the conversation became silent. No reply from her side though her account denoted her to be online. I waited for a minute to get something but I saw no signs of footprint. After a while, as I touched the screen to write another note, I saw her to type something (Whatsapp shows when some body is typing a message). And I waited again.

“Have you gone mad? I don’t know u properly Aryan… We’re just friends since October. And I guess it was the last month” within a moment, my confidence felt down as I realised her to reject me. Badly.

“See girl, I love you and I love you, no matter whatever you says” I typed back, feeling heart broken.

I was sad. I cried. And I started crying louder and wildly, locking myself inside the room, without knowing the reason for crying. My eyes blurred as I heard a beep that meant another message has arrived. I immediately rubbed my eyes and opened the Whatsapp to find the message.

“I didn’t want to heart you Aryan, but I don’t even know you properly”

See, even she made spelling mistake with ‘hurt’. Even her message said me that she should heart me (love me). I was a popular guy in the school hall, being the favourite of Principal (Touchwood) and VP, and how come she rejected me. Before her, no one got a step to reject me and this girl rejected me at one go.

At the evening, as I clicked the data on, I found her message lying on my inbox.

“I’ll tell u my decision by Monday.”

And now, I am eagerly waiting for Monday to come… I wish someday… someday that Monday really arrives when she would be accepting me.

 

Good Bye

Aryan

__END__

