LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

Sitting beside the half-knitted sweater, Radha fixed her eyes at the grey and dull clouds that roamed around freely across sky. Like those ‘sorrowful’ clouds, her life too had become woeful and miserable, especially after she parted away from Harish, her boyfriend. Everything was going on smooth in her life: she passed her exams with flying colours, got a job at HCL and met a guy like Harish, who made her life magical. But, as they say, darkness lingers unseen. She got the shock of her life, when Harish rang her up one day and said those two fatal words: “It’s over”. She couldn’t even grasp anything out of it. ‘Was it my fault?’ she still kept thinking. ‘Have I done anything wrong?’ From that day onwards there was no call, no message and no replies from Harish. She even went to his house but found it locked. She got to know from Harish’s neighbour, Mr. Gupta that Harish and his family went to America because of some emergency.

 

She was busy floating amidst the sky of clouds made from her own thoughts when someone called from behind, “Radha Didi! (Sister) There’s a letter for you!”

She turned her eyes to the door and saw Gopu, who ran errands in her colony, holding a letter in his hand. She was puzzled. ‘A letter for me?’ she thought for a while and snatched away the letter from Gopu’s hand.

“Thanks! You may go now!” Radha gave Gopu a malicious smile. Gopu snorted and left the room. He was quite accustomed to Radha’s ‘get-lost’ type nature.

Radha unfolded the letter and her body froze. In the next few moments she experienced almost every kind of emotions present in the world at one go: happiness, sadness, anger, frustration, relief, curiosity, thrill etc. The letter was addressed to someone called “Miss Tomato”. There was only one person in the world who called her by that name. It was Harish. Harish told that it was the best suited name for her because her face turned as red as a tomato when she was angry or embarrassed. Those old memories began to flash in her mind to her and she couldn’t help smiling. But her smile soon faded away as she returned to the reality where currently she was still holding the letter. She began to read it. It said:

Tears began to stroll down Radha’s red cheeks and fell into the letter in her hands.  It seemed that her tears were quenching the thirst of each and every alphabet in the letter, which beckoned her for forgiveness. Radha knew that it wasn’t Harish’s fault.  But who would dare to debate with him. He was the one who always won at arguments. Radha folded the letter in her hands and clutched it tightly to her heart. That letter was indeed the last thing which would remind her of him; the last memoir.  She opened the cupboard and reached for a gold-tinted box, laced with silver linings: Harish’s first gift to her. As she opened the box she saw a bunch of other objects gifted to her by him. The objects included greetings cards, birthday cards, perfumes, bracelets, earrings and even false engagement rings! She began to recall that she always demanded an apologizing card or a sorry note from Harish after a quarrel. But Harish never gave her one. He was one with the mindset that apologizing makes a person look small. Radha tried hard to change his point of view and even gave him long lectures but he never changed. And today her wish was fulfilled; her collection was complete. She did receive an apologizing letter from Harish. She finally managed to make that stubborn boy send an apologizing letter. On any other time she would have jumped around the house in happiness as she got what she wished for, but the situation was such that no feeling of joy came into her. She placed the letter inside the box and closed it.

Suddenly, something struck in her mind. She immediately shut the door of the cupboard and rushed out of the house through the front door, running all the way through the vestibule and upsetting the decorations.  She began to pace towards the house which was situated five blocks away from her house, near the Shanti Nagar  lane. It was Harish’s house. As the house was locked she couldn’t find any proper entrance into it, but suddenly it dawned on her that Harish used to keep his window open so that he could sneak out of his house at night and have ice-cream treat with her.

‘Maybe that window is still open.’ She thought and rushed towards the backyard of the house where she could spot a tiny, almost-rusted window. She approached the window and began to pull its lever to open it. After a few minutes of struggle the window threw opened. Leaving the window half-opened she jumped through the window into the house. Her footsteps reverberated in the entire deserted house, giving her an eerie feeling of being alone in the house. But it didn’t bother her for long. She gently began to move towards a fully covered object in shape of a large cuboid that stood at one corner. She lifted away the plain-white coloured cloth that had embraced the cupboard in its lap and flung it away. The cloth gave way to a medium sized, old cupboard, which was well-furnished and eye-catching at one time. As she opened the cupboard a number of photographs and sheets flew out and fell at her feet, which nearly startled her. She began to pick up the photographs and the pages that had fallen down. There were a number of clicks of her with Harish; their first secret night-ice-cream treat, the first day Harish made a ‘proper’ omelet, Radha’s birthday party, college’s prom night and many more. All those sweet memories came back flashing to her in an instant. She had to fight hard in order to stop her tears. Suddenly, a small box drew her attention. It was the same kind of box Harish had gifted her.

‘This must contain the stamp collection.’ She thought as she lifted the box. Throughout their relationship, Harish has never allowed Radha to view his stamp collection. Whenever Radha pestered him to show her his collection he would say just one thing: “This is my most prized possession. Let the right time come”. Radha wept as she opened the box. To her surprise, there were no stamps inside, instead there were a few loose sheets perched inside it. She began to investigate the sheets. Those were all sorry notes; not very much proper but it seemed that someone was actually practicing to write those.

‘Harish practiced to write sorry notes??’ she thought. ‘That means there is no stamp collection…This is his most prized possession? He actually practiced to write these notes; just to apologize to me? The iron hearted guy wrote all these?’

She fell to the ground and began to weep more profoundly. She was cursing herself for scolding Harish because of his rude and never-say-sorry type attitude. That Harish who claimed to be a strong, iron-willed guy from outside was equally soft-hearted and caring from inside. Radha picked up the notes and the photographs and departed from the house through the window, rubbing her tears. As she strode towards her house she gazed up at the sky. The clouds have faded and evening was arriving fast. The whole sky soon began to fill with the bright gleam of stars.

‘Harish must be watching me from there. I must keep his final wish alive. I must remain happy.’ Radha said to herself as she began to run towards her house with a slight grin on her face…

__END__

