Suspense Love Story – ROSEMARY’S SCENT

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

The night had become a little darker and fog had grabbed the road in his lap. The horses were riding on the sea. Sameer could hear their loud sound from the open window of his car. An old Goan folk song was played on the radio and that was the only human sound around him.

Sangatu moga tuzo,

Suko-sontos re jivacho

Kuddinto atmo asleari muzo,

Môgu visronamnam re tuzo

 

He smiled and repeated the lyrics. Beautiful lyrics, he thought.

 

,

,

He increased speed of the car. There was a long row of pine woods on the other side of the road. As he increased the speed, the fresh air entered in his nose along with the delirious scent of pine trees. His eyes got closed for a while; when he opened it, he saw a human figure at a long distance through the front glass of the car. He felt that it will melt down and will get disappear in the fog at any time. As he came closer, he slowed down the speed of the car. That mysterious figure slowly showed her appearance in the form of a beautiful girl in a complete white skirt. He could see her golden hairs and the neat curvature of her body in the lights of the car. She raised her hand for the lift. Sameer stopped the car near her and took the glass down. She bent downwards and smiled mysteriously by looking towards Sameer. Her brown colored eyes settled down on his handsome face. That constant gaze of her made Sameer little restless. He felt his ears got bit warmth. He ignored it and said,

“Where do you want to go?”

“My home is just at the dead end of this street where there is another sub street goes towards village.” She said.

“Ok. Get inside.” Said Sameer with a grin.

She sat down on the front seat beside him. He glanced at her. Her face was fair and little longer, jaw lines were strong and there was red colored pearl necklace in her delicate neckline. Sameer started the car.

“What are you doing on this lonely street at night?” he asked while ignoring her and concentrating on the street.

“Oh! Today the shooting took a little longer time. I generally leave early so that I can catch the bus to the village. But today I missed it.  ”

“Haven’t they arranged anything for you?”

She smiled with a saddened face and said, “Who will arrange something for an extra. All that long, stylish cars are for the lead actors and directors. We have to manage our own…”

“Hmm…and don’t you afraid of travelling alone at such a midnight?” Sameer sighed.

She looked towards his face and smiled again.

“Afraid of what? If you don’t mind can you please close that window…I am feeling a little cold here.”

“Yes sure.”

Sameer closed the window on his side. She moved herself little closer towards his seat. He felt the warmth of her body.

“Is it better now?”  He asked.

“Yes” she said by getting more relaxed on the seat. Now her smooth arm in that sleeveless skirt was almost touching the left arm of Sameer. As she got closer, Sameer felt the scent of her body.  She said with a lovely smile,

“Myself Rosemary and you?”

“Sameer…”

Another few minutes dropped in silence. He felt the unknown tension in the air. She closed her eyes for a while. Now he could see the rhythmic movement of her upper body with her every breath.  Then she asked suddenly in an innocent tone while opening her eyes,

“Do you like beaches?”

He smiled and said,

“Yes I do…especially at night when there is no one around.”

“Yes and when there is full moon…that riding blue water in the light of moon make me feel younger…” she said. Sameer glanced in her brown colored eyes and said,

“Yes that’s true.”

Her pink cheeks had become little red and she has started caressing her long hairs.

That looks were perfectly attractive and he felt that her beauty is grabbing his mind like an old wine, slowly and deliriously.

“Shall we stop there at beach for some time?” he asked

She looked in his eyes without speaking a word. He smiled and said by gesturing his finger upwards

“Today is full moon…”

She smiled back.

“Sure…I will love to go there…”

Gopantum getleari tuka,

Pormoll yeta alecrintso

Kedinch môgu visrum’ nuzo,

Te tuj’ inocente kallzacho

“It’s beautiful…what does it mean?” she asked while glancing at him.

“You don’t know…” he asked. She nodded negatively. Then he said

 

When I take you in my arms,

I breathe the odour of Rosemaries.

I can never forget the love,

Of your innocent heart

 

“Hmm…” she said and grinned. Few moments again went in the silence. Then after a while she looked in his eyes. Her face suddenly became serious. His heartbeats ran faster than ever before and before he knew what happened his hands moved towards her back. He held it in his strong arms and dragged her little towards him. She didn’t resist and moved little more closer to him. Now their bodies were almost touching each other’s. He felt the scent of her body and took a long breath. Her delicate lips touched with his. He grabbed her in his strong arms and kissed her eyes, lips and her delicate neck. The red colored pearl necklace in her neck fell down on the ground. The time flowed like air. They didn’t remember for how much time they were there at that place. Then at a moment she separated herself from him.

“Shall we go now? I think it’s too late and also I am feeling a little tired…” she said

“Ok we will leave then…” he said

They sat back in the car. He started it. No one spoke further anything. She sat quietly glancing outside the window.

Finally they reached at the dead end of the street. From there onwards a sub street has went towards the village. But there was no sign of any residence.  Only a plain field was present at one side of the road. She got down from the car and turned towards him.

“It was nice meeting with you…” she said and smiled

He smiled and bowed his face a little. Then she moved towards that plain field and disappeared in the fog. Sameer looked carefully towards the place. It was a graveyard.

 

On the other night Sameer was driving the car on the same road. He expected that she will meet him today also. But when he reached at the place where they met earlier, she was not there on the street. He stopped the car and moved towards the woods. By travelling inside a bit longer he found a shooting crew was there working on a movie. Shooting had started. A ghost was dragging the girl in the white skirt on a horse cart. For a while Sameer felt that it was Rosemary. But when he looked carefully it was a girl looked alike her. He saddened and asked one of the crew members about Rosemary. He said that she has not come today for shooting that’s why it is her replacement we used there on the cart.

Sameer came and sat down in his car for a while, thinking what to do. Then he moved the car towards the place where he has dropped her last night. He reached there. He looked towards the graveyard then moved his feet eagerly through it. Behind the grave yard there was a church and besides that there were few residences which were not visible due to yesterday’s fog. One man was passing nearby. Sameer stopped him and asked for Rosemary. He looked towards him with strange eyes.

“Don’t you know? She had died yesterday night only. We had buried her body in this graveyard. Doctor was saying that there was no blood remained in her body. So strange, so strange.” he said and moved immediately away from him. Sameer moved towards his car with heavy feet. He sat inside and closed the door. He found little movement on the back seat. He turned his head. She was there.

“Rosemary!” he exclaimed and smiled. She also smiled back.

“I thought I have lost you…” he said

“Nope…” she said plainly.

He came on the back seat and sat beside her, held her hand in his hand. She smiled and kept her head on his shoulder. Then he sang the song.

 

Gopantum getleari tuka,

Pormoll yeta alecrintso

Kedinch môgu visrum’ nuzo,

Te tuj’ inocente kallzacho

(When I take you in my arms,

I breathe the odour of Rosemaries.

I can never forget the love,

Of your innocent heart)

 

He remembered the night when they sat on the beach. He felt the odor of her body and scent of her blood. It was tempting. It made him restless. He was eager to drink the nectar of her love. Then he kissed her eyes, lips and her delicate neck. Slowly and delicately, he ploughed his teeth there in her neck to drink the blood. He sang the final stanza of the song.

Orsanchi amizade re amchi, amizade re amchi

(Our love of many years)

Zaunchi sasnanchi.

(Should last forever.)

He glanced in her eyes. Her body has become white without the blood and eyes were become thirsty for a human blood just like him. He said while blinking his eyes

“Now honey, you will be with me forever…Our love will last forever…”

She smiled.

__END__

