I never thought that it will hurt so much…

Days were beautiful when we just met. Those late night talks, your beautiful singing, those messages, and above all is-our love. It was growing day by day with so much depth.

Our relationship starts with all those things which were so common, but still special. Then how things had changed between us.

After 1 year of our relationship, I shifted to delhi to stay with him. I was happy.

One day, babu came to me and said ” I am moving to Dubai for our future. Don’t worry I will come back to take you with me”

I was so disheartened with his decision, as I was new to delhi, but with heavy heart, I wished him a best of luck and I will be waiting . After a month, he stopped texting or calling me. I was so scared, thinking that is he fine or not? May God help him and save him from all the bad things. I was unaware of the truth.

Next morning I realize that I have his gmail password. I logged in his account and shredded down into pieces.

Oh my God! What is this? He had sent a mail with his Id proof to a hotel. Tears rolled down my eyes. So confused with lots of question. Waited till 8 am, called at the hotel reception and asked for their address.

I went to the hotel, and asked manager “did babu came here 2 days ago, I am his friend. I lost his contact and was scheduled for a meeting. He must came here with a female.”

Manager- Yes mam. They stayed for a night.

I was so hurt and felt like crying out loud. But I controlled. Took his new phone number from manager and left for no where. Called him.

“Babu, it’s me-anchal” he disconnected

Called him again, but he did not pick. I took phone from auto wala, and called babu again.

” don’t you dare to disconnect my call. I want to meet you now. Where are you? I am comming wherever you are.” He said okay let’s meet. After 2 hours of journey I reached cannaught place.

He was standing there as if nothing has happened.I was expecting an explanation, instead I got a question. “anchal, how did you manage to get my number?” I looked at him and said ” seriously!!!! You are bothered about how I got your number? What were you doing with that girl in a hotel? Why stayed there? Did you do anything with her? Why you lie? You have a question for me rather than an answer.”

Babu- listen Anchal, we can’t be together. I don’t want to spend my life with you. I love you but can’t be with you.

I was shattered with his words. Let’s be friends, he said. I left from there with no answers to my questions. And after a month, he messaged saying that I still love and respect you. Be my friend, but I never reply to him.

I still remember all the promises he ever made to me. His mesmerizing voice which was only for me. Never thought that life could be so unfair to those who love truly. Always wanted to say-

BABU I STILL LOVE YOU, BUT IT STILL HURTS.

–END–

