Rahul was a 17 year old good looking, handsome and charming boy. His color was fair, his face was cute. He was at an age where attraction for opposite sex is at peak. He used to go to a Park daily, nearby to his home. There he saw Mona for the first time, sitting in the grass with her bestie Payal.

Mona was a 14 year old girl, who lost his father in her childhood, and now her mother was in a relationship with another guy whom she did not like a bit. There was no love in her life, and that was the thing she was searching in her life. Rahul fell in love(Actually the infatuation) with Mona at first sight. On the first sight, he smiled at Mona, she smiled back, he waved his hand to her, she waved back. That smile and wave back gave him the confidence to go to Mona and Talk.

Since than a series of meetings and talks started at the park. Soon they started meeting at Rahul’s place, in starting along with Payal, and alone afterwards. For Rahul, Mona was something to appease his appetite for Sex, but for Mona he was the man she wanted to marry in future. Since the first day of relationship, Rahul was clear to Payal that he would not going to marry her, but poor Payal used to believe, that one day she would made Rahul to realize the true love.

Afetr 3 years of relationship, now Payal became 17, more matured. Now she had attained the wisdom of life, and she was no more a 14 year old naive girl. She was now clear about, what she wanted, that was either an assurance of marriage, or no further relationship. Rahul was as clear as always that he was not going to marry her. Finally they broke up. Rahul went to Delhi for higher studies and Mona also shifted to another city as her mother got married to the guy she was in relationship with.

 

Moral of Story:

As a teenager we are filled with the feelings of infatuation with the opposite sex. And many a times, we mistakenly interpret them as love. Hence, until and unless we attain an age, where we can differentiate between the love and the infatuation, we should refrain from any such relationships. The best relationship in that age is of friendship. An sexual relationship in the childhood can deeply hurt you, and that hurt can be for a life time. Our teenage is the time of our life, that shapes our whole life. At that time we should concentrate on learning and preparing for our future.

–END–

