This story is selected as 

This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 21 Sep 2013 and won 

LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

“Sir, do you want to order anything for the dinner?” The waiter knocked on the door.

 “No!”

 “But you had asked to ask for dinner after eleven.”

 “Did I?” he asked. “Oh! Sorry! I am full, sorry.”

 “Sir, you want room service? The room hasn’t been cleaned for a week.”

 “I am paying you the rent and have my food with me. Don’t disturb me!” Bruce replied in an inebriated tone.

 “OK, sir. But is there anything else that we can bring for you?”

 Gulping the last peg, Bruce walked to the door. “Listen, you idiot. If you utter one more word, I will hammer this door over your head.”

Bruce drew the curtains away and gazed outside. It was dark. Darkness that gave no perception of depth. Barely the stars lent a spark and the moon was completely tucked behind its shadow. The storefronts and neighbourhood had been engulfed in a black void and nothing could be heard except whimpering of a few dogs, probably, across the street. It was an eclipse.

 Bruce lit his torch but couldn’t find what he was looking for. Sigh!

Scratching his dense and over-grown beard, Bruce looked around his hotel room. It had faded yellow walls with sand pouring out of a few cracks and a flickering bulb. An old grandfather clock stood opposite the calendar. The hotel was cheap, fitting into his meagre budget.

 He drew the antique wooden table close; a table-fan had been placed on it, and beside lay his ‘protection’.

Bruce’ bitter laugh echoed off the walls of the tiny room, slowly fading into silence as the dark memories flashed back: Kae caressing his cheek, his friends giving him surprise parties and his mother preparing breakfast for him. He was a happy man then. Drunk with joy and blessed with a felicitous life. The morning sun of everyone’s life, he was someone who could warm every spirit. But alas, he 

! It was all over now; all over in a jiffy. His life had thrashed and he was lost; so lost that he couldn’t trace the departure of those moments.

 But still, he never regretted that, he didn’t want to. Those were the only times that connected him to his past, proved that he existed before.

The whirring sound of the fan irritated him. He kicked the legs of the table and the fan toppled over.

 Breathing the dreadful odour of the room, he lay on the wobbly bed and closed his eyes tight.

 It was one of those rare occasions that he fell asleep and his mind travelled six years back. His ‘lost’ life, as bright as the golden sunshine on the sea, brought a smile to his face and smoothening to his forehead. But then, it was dulled by the reality running at the back of his mind. He woke up after a while, bleary eyes and his breaths coming short gasps.

 But in that fraction of moment, between sleep and wake, he felt something – freedom. Freedom from the hounding nightmares and painful reality.

 He moved beside the table again.

Holding the gun in his hand, he looked around the room again. Patches of grout could be seen at the corners.

 Stupefied by the cheap alcohol that he had drunk, he walked closer to the calendar that hung on the left wall.

 A dog was there in the picture with his white puppies. Happy faces. They were a family, with loved ones, with a history and a future; a future he was robbed from. His eyebrows furrowed as he scowled and ripped the calendar in half.

 In the flickering light, he began to write on the calendar.

 

 

 

 

As he finished his letter, he pressed the pen so hard that the nib broke and the ink leaked. Screams from the bottom of his soul, screams filled with agony, were begging for relief. The honesty in his pain was unparalleled.

 He walked to the bathroom.

He begged for his screams to stop, but they didn’t. They always ghosted him, pulling his vocal cords to his stomach. Except for the brief moment between sleep and wake, the moment that nothing would haunt him, where it will be all peace, it was a hell for him.

With a torch directioned outside, he searched for Kae. Rain splattering over the window and the storm hovering round the clouds, he couldn’t find her home.

Loading the magazine in the gun, he shot a fire and broke the glass.

 He lit his torch again to find her but failed.

 “Sir, are you OK in there? I heard a shot. Open the door.” The water started beating the door.

He closed his eyes for some peace. But, again, all he could see was her. His Kae embracing another man. Sharing bed with him. Getting high. His head between her legs.

 “Sir, open the door or we will have to break the door. I am the manager.”

 “You sure it was a gun shot? Was there someone else with him? Call the police,” they spoke among themselves. The terror in their voice could be heard loud past the door.

 “Call the police. Break the door.”

 Bruce pressed his ear against the broken glass so hard that bleeded it and shut his eyes so forcefully that created deep wrinkles across his face.

 Still, there was no peace. Kae was still with her man. Under the bed-sheet. Making those raunchy faces. Giving those cunning smiles.

 The screams got louder. They were all trying to break the door.

 Kae was breathing heavily with eyes closed and hands gripping the pillow. Mouth open.

 “One more push, guys.”

 He was over her. Kissing over her whole body. Passing fingers over her navel.

“Hey, stop!” They broke the door.

 Bruce embraced the calendar-letter round his stomach.

 Flash!

 Bang!

“Hello, police? I am the manager of Hotel Angelo. A man has shot himself in one of our rooms.”

…

“No, there’s nothing in his bag. A few bottles of beer and about a hundred letters. He looks around twenty eight or thirty and has an over-grown hair and beard. Blood daubed all over his cream-coloured suit. A gun. And wait, umm, there’s a bottle of conditioner too. Yes yes, a hair conditioner.”

 

Life is to live and not end. Though this story ends with a suicide, I never encourage it by any mean. Suicide (or murder) has been called a sin in probably every Holy Book. Wipe out the negativity, life is beautiful. Respect it.

__END__

