Love Short Story – A Night’s Memories

Photo credit: 

 from 

Music blared through the speakers, my body condensing sweat from the hot room, and the thousand bodies dancing around me. The band behind me played, the song winding down, transitioning to a slow jazz from the DJ. I went to go sit down at a nearby empty table, I sat down, watching all the couples slow dancing, enjoying the night and the song. I saw the band come down from the stage, the drummer was looking at the bass player, and ruffling his bed head dirty blonde hair. Although hundreds of single girls were flinging themselves at the guitarist player, even though his bald head was bouncing every light off as a reflection.

But he wasn’t the one I was staring immensely at, it was the main singer, Max Keenan. He had a navy blue shirt on that hugged his torso, showing ripped abs, average sized muscles, and a bold ‘v’ shape at the top of his dark blue pants. I got up, and confidently walked toward the back of the club, toward the room where the band players stayed after show, the V.I.P. room.

I knocked on the door, the drummer opened the door, a bored, tired look splayed on his face. Once he recognized me, he ushered me into the room.

“Mates, this here is Megan the Lion, the ex I was talking about that will be coming to interview us today! Megan meet Tyler Jacobs, our guitarist; Liam Harrison, bassist; and Max Keenan, our main singer, and as you know I’m Toby Redding, the drummer.”

I turned to him, giggling, “I know who you are Tob,” I turned toward the others, but only looked at Max.

“Hello everyone, I’m Megan Webber, I’m from People magazine. I only have a few questions for you guys, so shall we sit, and get started?”

We went over to a nearby table, covered with uno cards, beers. Tyler pulled out a chair for me, and everyone else sat across from me. I got out my pencil from behind my short blonde hair, and my pad, and started to get out my recorder, but Max stopped me, a stern look on his face. He was not happy.

“We never agreed to this interview, let alone heard about it, and even if we did, why does it have to be recorded.”

I stuttered, “B-b-because if it is not recorded I can’t write down what you guys say, second I arranged the interview with Toby, I just assumed he told you. Now, back to business, Tyler, I mean Mr. Jacobs, tell me your experience of being a guitarist.”

After a few hours, I got everyone’s statement on how their own experience of being on a band is, plus we are all on first name basis, and had nicknames for each other. The last question was for the hot jerk, aka Max.

I was going to ask him if he likes being in the band, but my voice got out before my brain could register what I was going to say.

“Max, would you go out with me?”

Everyone looked at me, the guys burst out laughing, making my embarrassment larger.

“I’m soooo sorry, I don’t know what came over me, it was like my brain was shut off.” I hid my face in my hands, and heard a chair scrape against the wooden floor. I felt a hand on my arm, pulling me toward the door. It was Max, and he seemed to have no emotion going on. He pulled me through the door, slammed it, and pushed me against the wall, but not hard enough to hurt me.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to ask that, forget what I said, just don’t hu-” He pressed his dry, cracked, but soft lips onto mine hard, my legs turning to jelly. Before I can fall to the ground, he picked up my legs and wrapped around his waist, locked and still. We broke apart, confusion swarming inside my head

“W-why did you do that? I thought you were mad?” A look of shock and surprise washed over him.

“No, of course not, I am just surprised that you can say something so unprofessional, and how you were when you said that.

“I thought you were lovely looking from the moment I saw you.” Max whispered into my ears, low.

We heard a soft applause, we turned toward the sound to see Toby, Tyler, and Liam grinning from ear to ear like the Cheshire cat. I blushed hard, Max quickly put my legs down, and scratched the back of his hair, hiding his embarrassment.

“Well, we’ll just leave you too alone, unless you guys want to give us another show.” Toby announced all high and mighty. The guys chuckled, before I threw one of my three inch high heel at Toby head. He quickly dodged it, and earned himself a death glare by me and Max.

The boys left, and the rest of the night, me and Max kissed each other and talked about weird topics, like are aliens real.

In the morning, the bouncer knocked on the V.I.P room we were in, and told us to leave for they need the room ready for the next band tonight. So I left first, and told Max that hopefully I’ll see him again soon. Very soon. Like Tonight.

“I’m Pregnant.”

 Me and Max have been together now for a month and a half, and I’m having to break some really important news to him.

“The baby is yours from 2 months ago when you first met me in the V.I.P room. I guess we were so caught up with each other, that we never thought of protection. Not even the morning afterwards.”

I gave Max a sly smile, nervous and anxious of how he took the news. His took a sip of his beer, and then his eyes widened, and he spit all of his drink onto the table in front of him. I guess girls minds are faster than boys. I chuckled softly to myself.

I sat beside him, carefully. “Max, how do I feel about this, cause I don’t think I can do this without you.”

 He got up slowly, turned toward me, pulled me up, and hugged me tight. I pulled back to see a huge grin on his face. He spun me around, I closed my eyes so I wouldn’t get sick from the spinning. He plopped down on the couch, then pulled me onto his lap.

 “I’ll take this as you are very happy.”

 “Happy, I’m ecstatic about this. Especially when it’s with you.”

He kissed me gently, then got up, and grabbed non-alcoholic champagne, poured some into a wine glass, then gave me that cup, and chugged the rest from the bottle.

I cracked up laughing, I think this will take a while to get used to, seven months worth.

Nine months have now passed, I’ve gone through the strange food cravings, horrible morning sickness, and wild hormone outbreaks, now I just want the baby out of me, the gas to be gone, and to see if we will have a girl or boy, because me and Max wanted it to be a surprise.

It’s summer, I’m in the shallow end of the pool in case I go in labor while swimming, when I feel myself pee accidentally (I also hate these) and pain following in my abdomen.

I bend over, and screamed bloody murder, clutching my belly. Max ran into the water, and quickly waded toward me. He took my elbow, and escorted me out the water, to the car right outside of the gate. Not caring if I wetted his leather seats, he called the hospital, announcing we’ll be there shortly, and sped to the emergency room.

Four hours passed, my baby girl was born, I think I deafeened myself with all my screams, and I accidentally broke Max fingers with my hidden strength. Now was the time to name our little girl. I looked at her in my arms, focusing on her brown hair, and hazel eyes (got them from my mom), and decided on Angelica Mableton Webber-Keenan.

 Max kissed my forehead, then Angelica’s, and took her out of my arms so I can get some sleep.

A few months have passed after I’ve had Angelica, for the first two months I lost a lot of sleep because we discovered she has Colic, and now we have gotten into the routine of walking her every night, Max finally proposed to me, and we have another little one, fingers crossed it’s a boy, on the way in 6 months. Again we forgot to use protection. Another adventure happens. Maybe this time I won’t crave bacon with chocolate. Yuck!!

–END–

