Love Short Story – Why Now?

Photo credit: 

 from 

“For heaven’s sake Meera, I am a 38 year old man. I don’t need to give an explanation for bl*ody everything!” shouted Anant, as he wore his tie.

All I could do was to stare at his reflection in the mirror. He left in haste, picking up his apple from the fruit bowl. I got back to my routine house-wife chores. This happened every alternate day. They say that spouses start resembling each other after few years of marriage. But no one mentions that the thoughts start differing at a faster speed. I arranged the desk, our once upon a time common work desk, when an envelope slipped out of nowhere. ‘P&C’ it stated, in bold.

An image forms in my mind. A tall, grey eyed man in his mid-thirties. That was 5 years back. He greeted me with a wide grin and a firm handshake. There was something about this man. His eyes were a mystery to me. A mystery I wanted to unravel. He had come with Prerna, Anant’s work buddy. I continued reading.

I left work 3 years ago, when Anant felt I should look after the house. I used to work in the same company. All thanks to Prerna, who played cupid in our case. I wish she had not done the needful.

 

My vision was blurred by tears. Soon they trickled down my cheeks. Unhappy marriages are not worth dragging along. I couldn’t be a mother, ever. I had suggested adoption to Anant, but he had refused. It wasn’t like we had been really happy before the reality dawned upon us about my infertility. It had always been about ego clashes, fights and profanities after getting drunk, and what not. Even our immediate people were aware of this. I have always been a bad actor. I could never play the trophy wife Anant wanted me to be despite of all that was going between us.

 

Tears were still rolling from my eyes. But I no longer felt any pain. I felt like a bird who had been in an unlocked cage for years. I rose from the bed and looked up from the letter. Anant was staring at me with mouth wide open.

“Meera, I am so sorry. Give me a chance to explain,” he said.

“Why now?” is all I could manage.

__END__

