Love Short Story – My Special Someone

Photo credit: 

 from 

Isn’t having a “Special Someone” an ultimate desire of any loving girl ? Sometimes, we excessively put an effort to make our life perfect and by hasty decisions fit wrong people into it, even though knowing that they’re not worth staying. We expect too much from them even if we know that they’re gonna hurt us and walk away, just leaving us alone with our own pain.

On the other hand, we being emotional fool, we never lose the ray of hope and try to bring them back over and over again. We replace them with new/other person thinking that they will help to heal us, not true in every case. But not anymore, now it is the time to stay strong and believe in us- Ourselves. It is meaningless to wait or run behind people and beg for love. There will come a time when your “someone” will slowly sneak into your life and will make you feel like the most special girl without saying a word or a touch.

I can say this confidently because I was that stupid who lost myself by being the person who I wasn’t and after a while I started to hate myself. I kept on crying, I pleaded each day in hope to be loved and most importantly I died every moment for “someone” who never cared to even know how I was and what I was going through in my life.

I don’t know who is going to be the next someone in my life or when is he going to glow my life with his mere existence. I am completely unaware about that soul who will make me feel special, who’s mere presence in front of me will put me in a state of bliss. I am thankful in such insane times, I have the beloved company of handful of friends and family who care and are besides me no matter what.

So, now is the time that I am going to willingly and happily engage myself in productive stuff, keep myself occupied in things i like to do and explore new avenues of a happy state of mind. I am done enough crying for the “wrong someone” and will do my every bit to be a better and happy human for the “right someone” who will sooner or later land on the runway of my life…

__END__

