Love Short Story – Love BY Mistake

Photo credit: 

 from 

Damn!!!!  It’s raining again. With all wet shoes, how could one attend class of two hours in college? But Indian parents have a mind frame to do exactly opposite of what their children says. So like any other parent, my mother too shouted at the top of her voice, “Siya, get ready for college”. I scowl with frustration at myself in the mirror. Damn my hair – it just won’t behave, and I am getting late to meet my boyfriend.

What else could one want at 20, a perfect family, perfect grades, a popular social group and a boyfriend Mayank, who is prince charming of AIS engineering college. I was in 3rd year and Mayank in 4th year. We were childhood friend, understand each other well and I couldn’t get a better boy than him. He is caring, have promising future and an influential family. But do I love him??

I brushed aside all these thoughts as I caught Sadhna, my best friend, staring at me with crossed arms and having a look on face, “kahan hai be??”.

Her interrogations never end and when she listened to me, the great philosophy of her was, “You’re the assistant cultural secretary and he is general secretary. You two have to be couple or the solar system would go out of alignment”.

That brought a smile on my face. We walked together towards canteen where mayank and mine group were waiting for us. Everyone was chatting at canteen table and mayank had one hand around me, but I was uncomfortable. I was lost in my own thoughts. I never allowed mayank to come closer to me, we never kissed, didn’t talked romantically on phone at night. Mayank respected my decision and waited for me to fall in love with him. We were bf-gf for others, but between us, we were only best friends. I wished I had fallen in love too……

I didn’t know my wish was going to come true in a day only………

At night I texted goodnight to mayank  and was about to sleep when my phone beeped. It was from unknown number. It read “hello sir. Can I get your email id so I could send my quotations for dealership”.

Seriously God, why all weird things happen with me only.  Should I reply to it or not. But after some time I texted him, “it’s a student number“  and slept.

Next morning  message from same number came, saying “thanx. May I know whose no. is this? I m Siddharth”

I don’t know why, but I keep replying to him. I texted him,” I am rahul, an engineering student”.

And our friendship began via sms. What a technology, you can hide your identity so easily. He was Marketing manager of KPC Company and of 26. That put me in dilemma that If I can keep friendship with a unknown person and that too elder to me. But then I thought, he will never know I am a girl. I didn’t told anything about siddarth to either mayank or sadhna.

Me and siddarth have become good sms friends without him knowing the truth about me.  But now I wanted to him to know I am girl , because I have started to like him. What am I doing, I have a bf and yet I am getting interested in someone else, without seeing, without talking. I have gone crazy. What kind of girl I am…

Still I texted siddarth, “call me. I want to talk”.

He texted, “Why? What happened?”

But I didn’t replied. Girls are so bossy sometimes, he had to call me. When I said hello, he thought I am sister of rahul and asked for rahul, and  I used every bit of mind to make him convince that,  I was the one whom  he was texting all the time. First he was shocked, and then he laughed. That voice, I could hear for my lifetime. We started texting more. The late night calls started and our conversation never used to end.

One day, I asked sid (as I call him now), if he has a gf, he said no. He asked me the same question. I lied to him. I said I don’t have any bf. He said he wanted to meet and see me. I agreed instantaneously. The man I have started liking without seeing, I too wanted to meet. He asked, “beta how will we recognize each-other. We have never seen me, not even in pictures?”

I said, “Our heart will recognize each other”. That time I felt, we have become more than friends.

I told about siddarth to both mayank and sadhna. Mayank was furious and angry. He started his lectures about how could I become friends with unknown people. And why I didn’t told him about this. He assumed siddarth was the reason for ignoring him, for not having time for him and I knew he had assumed right. I had an argument and he left.

After mayank was out of picture, Sadhna wanted to know each and every detail. How it began, when we talked, is he handsome, have I kissed him……. and so on. I told her to shut-up her big mouth and listen to me. When I finished with my story without missing any detail, she started laughing, and said, “ aj kei duniya main bhi aese log hote hai, jo bina jane ek-dusre ko pasand kar lete hai”. And I could only smile.

I asked sadhna to accompany me when I met sid. Sadhna was waiting for me in my room. When I changed 5

 time, sadhna said,” without clothes you can impress siddarth more”. I threw a pillow at her to shut-up her mouth.

We were waiting in ccd to meet him. I was nervous and excited at same time. The seconds were passing like years. Finally Sid came accompanied with his friend. As they said hey and took the seats, the great sadhna, portrayed to be me. And the funny thing was, sid friend too was portraying to be sid. We both didn’t know each other, never saw, but as our eyes meet, we both smiled, and we knew, yes you are the one. Sadhna and sid friend, talked and we both were silently smiling, and occasionally stealing glances of each other.

And as like a typical Hindi movie, entered mayank. He introduced himself as my friend and joined us. He was looking at me and sid one by one with anger, with jealously.  When sid and his friend left, mayank stated in clear bold words, “choose either him or me”.

That night sid called me, and said, “ I don’t know if it’s right or wrong, I don’t know how you look at me, I don’t care about our age difference, I know only one thing, I love you”. That changed everything. I said I love u too. We talked the whole night, and still there was much left to say.

This time we meet without any friends. I was shy and blushing, and sid confident looking at me. He is so handsome, and have such glance. It had nervous effect on me, I was looking down at my knotted hands all the time. But he pulled my chin up, and said, “look at me, I am yours only”.

We watched a movie together, and he was holding  my hand while watching movie. God, can some boy be so romantic? I was looking at him, while watching movie. He smiled and leaned toward me, and kissed me. The love, the passion holding for so many days, came blazing out. Finally when we broke from our kiss,, he kissed my eyes and I lay my head on his arms. It was heaven for me. I could lay there for my whole life.

I told mayank I didn’t want to be his apparent gf anymore. I love sid.  First he shouted and then started crying. I couldn’t do anything. I couldn’t ever have feelings for mayank. He asked me if he could talk to sid. I could feel something bad is going to show up next. I refused him. I was restless in my room at night. I don’t know whats going to come up next.

Sid called me. He was angry. He said, “you lied to me. You had a bf. Your bf mayank called me and asked me to stay from from her gf. You betrayed me. Never talk to me again in life. Bye.”

I tried calling sid, but his phone was off. I called mayank, he said,” yes I have called him and said him to stay away from you. When I asked where he got sid’s number from, he said, he had taken it long back from my cell. I was furious, I told him never to call me again and kept the phone shut.

I cried a lot. My whole world was crushed. I many a times tried contacting sid, but he never picked. And time passed. I moved on in my life.

I am a college graduate now, working with a top MNC. What’s life in a MNC, completing targets, hearing accusations from boss, eyeing colleagues and of course we accusing the organization. My life was no different than this. Until…..

Today is my presentation on “client’s satisfaction”. Now what we have to do with clients, isn’t this the work of sales person. Presentation, the worst day in job life. You have to wear a smile, whether people laugh or yawn at your presentation, whether they listen or not, you have to blabber.

I was confident as I entered the board room, but I got the shock of my life, “sid, am I dreaming? Is he really here? What is he doing here?” A fury of emotions came like a flash, the past, those talks, that nearness, everything.  Somehow I finished the presentation, and made a futile attempt to escape home.

But someone called me from behind, “ siya, hey. How are u?”.It was the same voice, which used to run chills down my spine. I could merely say, “ I am good”. It was hard to hold back tears in my eyes. I said a hurried good bye and left.

I lay on my bed crying, and remembering the moments with sid. And there was knock on the door. Why people disturb you only when you want to be alone? I opened the door and was surprised.

I shouted, “sid, what the hell are you doing here?”.

He was calm as ever. He replied, “ siya, have you lost all your hostility. Mehman bhagwan ka roop hote hai. Am I not invited in?”

It made me smile. His one sentence and I am smiling. What am I goanna do of this man.

Suddenly he hugged me, and whispered in my ears, “I am sorry jaan. I was stupid to let you go. I couldn’t live without you. I tried your contacts, but you changed it. I love you”. I. was crying, because of happiness, because of sadness, I couldn’t make out.

I pulled from him, and said, we have come far, I can’t……. And he silenced me with a kiss. I melted. I had always loved this man, waited for him.

And before I could come out from this shock, he bent on his knees and said, “ Miss Siya Sharma, will you be mine forever. I promise to never leave you alone, even when you will want. Will you marry me?”

I wanted to say so many things, but only a yes was all I could say.  He hugged me, and whispered, “Love by mistake”.

__END__

