Short Story of Breakup – A Letter to Harry

Photo credit: 

 from 

For the past years, I kept myself busy to forget the pain I felt deep within me. It has been 3 years since I last saw you. Here I am. Still hoping that someday we could be together again. How could our love end when I know that it feels so right? How a wonderful love could grew weak. what did I do?

I should not have left you. It was the biggest mistake I ever did. I love you so much that it hurts to see you grew more and more in love with me. What is wrong with loving too much? It is simple. You forgot yourself and even the things that make you happy. How could you grow to be  a better man when all your life keeps revolving around me.You gave me everything. I am so lucky because I met and love a man who showed me selfless and unconditional love. However, as the days, months and years that we are together I felt the same emptiness again.

I started to ignore your calls, did not reply on your messages. I push you away.That day, I could not deny my emptiness anymore. I grew tired of loving you, understanding you. What could be more difficult than seeing your love lost himself to you over his dreams? Maybe it would flatter you at first but as time goes by, it makes you feel so selfish. It was your decision to prioritize me but I also want your happiness to be achieve. so on that day, i let you talked for hours telling me all about our future together. I smiled bitterly. here you are, saying all those stuff about me, about us. But I never heard about your dreams, your life. Caused in your heart, Nothing is important just you and me.I choose to leave you not because I do not love you anymore. But because I want you to find your happiness. To fulfill your dreams. There were times I noticed those sad eyes whenever you looked up on the sky, I know deep down inside of you, you still wish for it. So, I made my decision even if it means death to me. I am so sorry but I need to let you go.

Today, I still wish to seeing you again. I am so sorry for causing you so much pain. You may not forgive me for what I did but I am happy that your one of the most famous pilot in the country. You may laugh at me until your lungs run out of air, punish me with cold stare or yell at me when you see. I understand. I am so proud of you. You made me so proud beyond anything in this world. The man I love for so long finally achieve his happiness, his dreams. But One thing that saddened me is the fact that your heart now belongs to someone else. She is so lucky because I know how deep your love is. You gave everything. You make everyday the happiest day of her life just like me before. Now I know I was too late. Too late to changed everything. Too late to show how much you mean to me. Too late to say I love you, once more. Too late to hope that in the end we could be together. Too late has been to late.. after all.

–Lara

__END__

