Her name was Shruthi Sekar. She was working in a reputed IT company in Chennai as a developer. Her dad was a principal in a private school and her mom was a retired government school teacher. She has an elder sister named Shristi Sekar who was a bank employee in Mumbai. She got married a year before to Sathyam Balakrishnan, a business man.

The most admiring soul in this world for Shruthi was her DAD. She was a little princess to his dad. But the shocking part here is that, she did not like any men other than his dad. In her view, marrying someone was like losing her independence and having so many restrictions in life. So, her goal was not to get married and she wanted to explore places alone.

She was very clear about her duty in life. She wanted to achieve greater heights in her life by doing something that no one does earlier. So, she took her job as the opportunity and she started working with full concentration. Started as a junior employee in 2016 and now she was a team leader for 15 senior employees. Her job was her hobby and everything. She always had an inner desire to reach a better place. This passion for her job made her forget about her family and friends and her future husband.

She was 27 then. Her mom badly wanted her to get married. But Shruthi was too stubborn in her goal, “FOREVER SINGLE”. She always approached her dad to convince her mom.  Since she is a little, charming princess to her dad, he always gives a positive signal to her. At one point, everything changed. Shruthi’s dad started advising her to get married. He was the only companion to support Shruthi. His act made Shruthi to lose her temper and she shouted at everyone. But their advice never stopped and it became even more crucial and severe. This irritated her a lot and her patience turned into violence.

To her amazement, she got a letter from her company stating an offer to work in another branch of their company at Delhi for 2 years. This letter gave a sigh of relief to Shruthi. She was very much happy and she started to pack her things with excitement. She never spoke a word about the transfer to anybody in her home. Finally she revealed her dad about the new job in Delhi, a day before the departure. He was numb for a moment and after reganing his composure, he told Shruthi to cancel the plan. But his little princess never had time to listen to his words. She flew to Delhi.

Those 2 years was very different for Shruthi since it was the first time in her life to leave her parents. She missed her dad at times. Whenever she missed, she immediately called him and talked. This gave her a little warmth to her irritation of hearing her mom’s advice. She never spoke to her mom in the 2 years and her father also didnt talk about the marriage to her. Despite her loneliness, she thoroughly enjoyed the capital city, Delhi. After 2 years, she came back to Chennai with anxiety and a little annoyance.

To her shock, she saw her mother resting in a bed and a nurse feeding her something. She rushed inside the room with tears and asked her mom what happened. She was unable to speak and the nurse told her that she had got an attack a week before. Shruthi’s headstrong character was broken into tears. She took care of her mom for a month leaving her job aside.

When Shruthi’s mom recovered after a month, she asked Shruthi,”This is my last wish and I will never ask you this again,I swear. Will you marry?”. Shruthi, at once, without even thinking, said “Yes ma. I will”. Her mother’s happiness knew no bounds.

After two months, Shruthi got married to Kavin Raj, who is a close friend of Sathyam. Everything was changed after her marriage. Kavin was also an IT employee in Chennai. She never thought her husband would give her such an independence in her life. She felt like a Queen to his King Kavin. Whatever she thought about marriage earlier was slowly dissolving in the love of Kavin. She felt so lucky to marry him. At the same time, she felt very bad about her bad intuition on marriage and men earlier. And now she is a happy woman with two children, Krish and Shilpa along with another child,KAVIN(His love).

MORAL:

 THERE ARE SOME THINGS IN LIFE YOU GOT TO EXPERIENCE TO UNDERSTAND IT COMPLETELY.

–END–

