TRUE HAPPINESS OF LIFE…- Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Enjoy the feeling called LOVE.

 

“Believe me Sanjay, you’ll be fine.” She was holding my hand and was dragging me in rain.

“You know me Archana, I don’t bath in rain. I fell ill.” I was resisting myself going in rain.

We were standing on a bus stop when it started raining. I hated rain but Archana loved it. She says that rain is a shower of life, life starts to blossom in rain. Rain is a blessing of god but for me it’s just a part of water cycle which makes me ill often.

“Do you believe me Sanjay?” She had a spark in her eyes, spark of belief, spark of trust, spark of love.

I was lost in her eyes, in her deep blue eyes. It was the first time I experienced the feeling to be spell bounded. When I regained my senses I found myself under the shower of rain. This was the best feeling I had in many years. When fast moving drops of water strikes on your eye lids, you feel something, something very strange.

Then my eyes searched for Archana. She was there, on the empty road. She was dancing. Her head high, enjoying every drop falling on her face, hands open and was turning round and round and round.

‘She is beautiful’, my heart said to me. Her smile was like a tonic of happiness. Her rosy lips on her face were looking like a cherry on a beautiful cake. Her hairs, oh those long hairs were like a dark fantasy. In short she was looking like a goddess.

She was wearing white suit and was dancing under a yellow street light. Well in that yellow light she was looking just like a mountain covered with snow, with a hint of sunlight. Oh, I can’t describe her beauty.

My mother always narrated me a story that on the first rain of season, angels come on earth. I never believed her but now I can say, she was right. My angel was right in front of me.

“Will you dance with me?” she forwarded her hand towards me. Her voice was so sweet that no one can forget it.

I forwarded my one hand towards her hand and I put another hand on her shoulder. She smiled and corrected my hand position. She took my hand from her shoulder to her waist. That touch was like heaven.

We came closer a bit. I can now smell her breath. At that moment I felt true happiness, the true joy, the true life. I sensed that ‘Yes I am alive.’ My eyes and her eyes were lost in each other’s depth and the rain was playing the background music for us.

Then started our legs moment and that we started to dance. We don’t know when rain stopped and moon came out from the clouds to see us dancing on an empty road under the street light.

“I love you, Archana.” My eyes said to hers.

“I love you too, Sanjay.” Her eyes replied. It is true enough that when two people are in true love, words stop to talk and eyes takes over the task.

Then she forwarded her lips and I kissed her. That was my first kiss so it has to be a long one. Our kiss got interrupted with my sneezing. I was caught by cold.

Archana started to laugh and then I started to laugh. I put my hand on her wrist and grabbed her tightly and with laughing and smiling, we forwarded on the roads.

That rain was really a blessing of god, really a blessing of god…………….

__END__

