Love Story – Fire Cracker

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dreams do come alive. Just like a dose of CPR and a dash of lightning, they even shock you to bliss.

Just imagine a figment of your imagination coming alive and romancing with your senses. My ears and eyes stopped listening to me the moment she came in my life. sayalee, a live wire fluttering gorgeously with a mission to resurrect my sense of art and taste.  Her name signifies a delicate white flower. Indeed, like a flower she seamlessly lets her mushroom hair to fall on her extra expressive face. Her syllables and vowels always miss my ears where in my focus has always been struck on her ever blossoming smile from her cherry lips. The word signature got its new definition from this delicate white flower. She carries herself comfortably where any connoisseur would rate her from classic to contemporary. Her gentle gestures, funny dialogues, cute expressions, body language and many more substance are always documented by my 6

 sense.

Yes, boss…It’s just like another brick in the wall. What’s special about this girl? You may think.

That’s where the element of surprise hits you. She is a fire cracker. Her entry begins with a blast. She is an epitome of energy. Even my colleagues call her a power source. She is a strong woman with amazing resolve. She has been through phases where other cloaked girly characters would have not even imagined.  Her flamboyancy, flawlessness, fortitude and freedom sense makes her a warrior. She is a perfect blend of poet Barathi’s modern women and William Marston’s wonder women. Even with enormous ambition, perfect attitude and great momentum, her entire spectrum will have a tinge of toddler that will make other smile and make the moment to cherish with her. Neither a glistering crystal nor a blistering pearl will be as serene and pure like her innocence. To make my heart complete, she is a photographer like me too. Actually a better one than me.

Friendship with you keeps me in the good books of luck. But poets and artists like me are always (Pursuing to be one, so never mind) always fixed with one philosophy in life – “Beauty is meant to be admired, not touched”. I wish I can share my good feeling with you.

When you have the power to stop the irritating printer sound and key board clicks in office and grab my attention, you must understand me and stop the time around us sayalee.

But Women in my life always come with a compromise. She belongs to someone else. Lucky him. So, without any hard feeling, I am going be the friend who will make a difference without any expectations.

It’s completely perfect. This woman will be a beautiful flower from the garden of experiences. She will be one of the most adventurous books, I have ever come across. Finally she will be the character of my art.

I thank her for teaching me what art is. It’s being yourself.

__END__

Ashwin Muralidharan

