Love Short Story – Best friends became soulmates

Photo credit: 

 from 

A true story of two strangers, who met and became best friends. They never thought of marrying each other, until the destiny signalled them. A tale of love, which went through hardships and eventually ended up in a happy marriage…

“They are your friends. What will I do with you guys?”

“Don’t be silly, you will enjoy their company.”

“I will get bored”.

“I want you to meet my group. And that’s final.” My cousin sister, Prabhjot finally persuaded me to go with her. The brother of one of her friends was getting married.

It was 10th May 2004- the day when ‘we’ first met.  At that time, I was living with my uncle and aunt in Dehradun, pursuing my interests-jewellery and fashion designing. Their daughter, Prabhjot- my younger sister and best buddy since childhood, was studying B.E. at Dwarahat and had come home during holidays.

Unwillingly, I had agreed to go with her. After fighting over the mirror, for the final look, we were all decked up to go and shake a leg in the ‘baraat’. Prabhjot introduced her friends Garima, Kapil, Ashish and Anuj, all living in Dehradun. Soon, we were chatting, laughing and enjoying. And, I was having a great fun with all of them. Throughout this, I realised that Anuj and I were exchanging glances quite often. We were soon talking and making fun of each other via eyes only. The marriage concluded and we bid adieu to everyone. Anuj told me that I had beautiful long hair. I smiled.

After few months, my brother was getting married in my home town Rudrapur. Prabhjot invited her friends too, but only Anuj turned up. At that time, Anuj and I did not have that good bond and used to call or text each other very less.

 Whenever Prabhjot used to be home from college, we used to hang out with her friends, which were now mine too. Gradually, Anuj and I became great friends.

My course got over and I returned to Rudrapur. I was madly hunting for a job in Delhi, spending hours on the job portals, while my parents were madly after me to get married, as I finished my post graduation. My birthday was approaching and my Dwarahat friends called me to their college for a couple of days. My arrival was kept a surprise for Anuj!

Birthday was celebrated splendidly as we visited scenic places. The group used to tease Anuj and me, but we knew that there was no future of us together. Anuj indeed had become my best friend. I was an open book for him, just as he was for me, hiding no secrets from each other. In fact, I could say that he knew me better than myself. We were in love, but were scared to admit. In that visit, he asked me to go by my parents’ wish and get married. I agreed.

 When I returned, my family started searching for my ideal groom and I was browsing matrimonial profiles. One day, unexpectedly, I got a call from an export house for the post of Jewellery Designer, in Delhi. I soon shifted to my brother and sister-in-law’s home and joined the job.

Meanwhile, Anuj’s B.E. was over and he came to Delhi, as his father got transferred. He got placed in Infosys and was supposed to join in Mysore shortly. In one of our meetings, we agreed that we were indispensable for each other and decided to get married with parents’ consent. The moment we spilled the beans to our parents, hell broke loose! It was obvious, as I belong to a Sikh family and Anuj to a Hindu Kayastha family. In addition, I was 13 months elder to him.

In usual scenario, the boy is disliked in the girl’s family, but, my case was different. No body had problem with Anuj. 

Months passed and the families continued their condemnation and censure, while we both continued to persuade them, being confident of our choices. On one of Anuj’s visit to Delhi, my brother took a call and decided to meet both of us. He initiated a meeting of our parents.

All of us met in the usual coffee shop where Anuj & I used to hangout often. There were serious talks going on, while my brother was making the mood lighter by his punches. Our parents asked us to re-consider our decision for the last time.

Anuj replied,” If things were to be re-considered, we would not have your meeting taken place.”

Everyone agreed to tie us in a nuptial knot, after one year. On 9th Nov.2008, we got married, with everyone in our families being happily overwhelmed, and we are living happily thereafter.

__END__

