This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 15 Nov 2014 and won 

Love Short Story – The phone call

Photo credit: 

 from 

RIIIINNGG……

“are you going to get that?”asked Jason

“What?…oh….it’s just my sister trying to get me to come to her party next month” nervously answered Tori.

Jason gave Tori a worried look. “Come on Jason it’s our HONEYMOON we should be enjoying this!”

“I know….your right we shouldn’t let anyone ruin this for us.” Tori smiled at Jason.

” Flight 37 is going to be delayed until 10:35 pm due to technical problems.”

“WHAT!!” Shouted Tori *sigh*.

“It’s okay we’ll just have to go to the hotel” said Jason.

“Okay….” RIIINNNGGG

“Your sister?” Asked Jason

“Yeah ” responded Tori

“Are you sure you don’t want to get it?”

“No, it’s okay she’ll get tired and stop calling.”

“If you say so. Okay let’s get a room” Tori and Jason went to the nearest hotel to wait for their flight.

RIINNGG…..

“Is it your sister again?” Jason asked suspiciously

“Ye she really wants me to go to her party” Tori responded. “Well, I think I’m going to shower”

“Yeah okay” Jason said. After Tori got in the shower her phone rang again. After 2 minutes the phone rang again. Jason got suspicious, but he didn’t check her phone. When Tori came out the shower Jason started to ask her some questions. “Who’s been calling you Tori? I know it’s not your sister.”

“What do you mean? Did you go through my phone?”

“WHAT?!?! No, I would never do anything like that! Wait so does that mean that your sister wasn’t the one who’s been calling you?! Are you cheating on me?!?!”

“WHATT?!?!?!?! NOOO?!?!?!”

“Then what’s the problem!” Jason started screaming and throwing things across the room. Tori knew if she didn’t tell him he would be really devastated. Tori thought for a moment then answered him

“Jason…please I don’t want this to ruin our honeymoon from being amazing….” Tori started to cry.

“Tori please tell me what’s going on… Are you cheating on me?!”

“Jason please forgive me for not telling you this before”

“Telling me WHAT?!?!”shouted Jason

“I…..I have……I have cancer!” Stuttered Tori.

“What?”asked Jason. Tori stood there crying while Jason tried to make sense of what she said.

RIIIINNNGG…. Jason went to the phone and picked it up.

“PLEASE TORI YOU HAVE TO COME TO THE HOSPITAL RIGHT NOW!”

“Who is this?” Jason slowly asked

“I’m Tori’s doctor, please you have to get her to the nearest hospital now!!” Jason grabbed Tori and ran to the nearest hospital.

“Jason please let’s just go to our trip!”

“We’re going to the hospital!”

“Jason I COULD DIE!! I just want to go to our honeymoon and spend my last moments with you!”

“If we go you WILL DIE… Look if there’s a chance you could live I’m going to do everything in my power to help you get through this.”

“Jason, thank you… I love you”

“I love you too, but this isn’t a goodbye”Jason responded Tori. When they got to the hospital Tori was taken to the surgery room instantly. Jason waited there for 3 hours before a nurse came up to him.

“Tori is in the recovery room you can go see her in a couple of minutes.”

“How is she!! Is she going to be okay?!?!”

“Yes, thankfully the doctors were able to remove all the cancer in her body and she seems to be making a quick recovery.”

Then Jason had to wait 10 minutes before he could go in and see Tori.

“Jason?”

“What did I tell you?”

“Hahaha…you told me everything was going to be okay”

“Well…told you so” Jason nervously laughed. After a couple of weeks passed Tori was released form the hospital. Jason and Tori went to Tori’s parents house so she could rest up. After two weeks she was all better. Jason and Tori planned there honeymoon again. This time they got to go to there honeymoon and live happily ever after.

__END__

