Love Short Story – I Wish…

Love Short Story – I Wish…

Saturday morning, 6 am, when the entire city was deep in sleep, Steve lay near Mary’s grave and cried. There was no other living soul in the graveyard except Steve, his cries echoed in the surroundings. He repeatedly moved his hand over Mary’s grave reading her name again and again and wished it could be Mary Steve Lee instead of Mary Johnson.

It was a routine for Steve. Every Saturday morning he used to come to the graveyard, sit by Mary’s grave and cry! Where every grave in the graveyard was beautifully and lovingly decorated with flowers – white orchids, red roses; Mary’s grave was covered with differently colored scented pages today, whose fragrance seemed more enchanting than those of the flowers.

It was an year ago when Steve had first seen Mary. It was a rainy day and she was standing on her balcony, a beautiful girl with blonde curly hair falling on her eyes, the mist falling down her cheeks like pearls touching a satin. She wore a pretty white gown which made her look like a princess.

It was love at first sight for Steve, he could hear violins being played in his background. He rushed to his room, took out his old, rusty typewriter from the shelf, where he had kept it long ago, when he wasn’t left with any emotions to be brought down on a blank paper. He dusted his long lost best friend, kept it nicely on his table as somebody keeps the holy book in front of him for a prayer, and started typing :

I did not believe in angels before I saw you…

He paused. His fingers hesitated for a while. The ‘thak-thak’ of the typewriter was tapping his heart too. He continued…

Now that I have seen You, not only me, my heart will believe it too…

He thought of her day and night. He would spend hours standing in his balcony waiting for her to appear in front of him and the remaining hours on his typewriter.

I never felt like this before, I think I have fallen for You…

Will you be my princess, I dream of nobody but You…

His love grew with each word he typed, but he could never gather the courage to go and express his feelings in front of her.

The ‘thak-thak’ of the typewriter had become his carol. He would go on and on, pouring out his feelings on colored, scented pages, which he had so lovingly bought, only for her.

Complete my world with Your presence,

my eyes are waiting to see You…

Hold my hands and don’t let them go,

you are my world and I am proud to say that “I love You!”

With this note, Steve made up his mind for a confession! He went to Mary’s home and knocked at her door. An old lady came out and what she said, took away the life out of Steve.

Mary had passed away in an accident 2 days ago!

Steve was broken. He had lost everything. Death is inevitable but what he had done, wasn’t! He went home and cried for hours, leaning beside his best buddy, the typewriter, his company of lonely times.

He wished he had told Mary all about his feelings and if she had to die, she would have died as his wife and not as just an acquaintance.

Remembering all this, Steve cried on Mary’s grave. He shed tears of love, remembrance and remorse.

He had brought those beautifully typed letters so that if not Mary, at least her grave would sense his love; all the letters which Steve had written since the day he had seen her, on that beautiful rainy day, and the last one, which said :

I wish I could tell You how much I love You,

I wish I could let you know that I want to be Yours…

I wish I could kiss You good-bye; and if God had to take You away,

I wish You took Your last breath in my arms…

I wish…!

__END__

