Love Short Story – Suspicion by mistake can even be worse

Photo credit: 

 from 

Swapnil one morning went to the tea shop. He found Sunil sitting with a frustrated face there. He knew he needs his help and was waiting for him only to arrive. Swapnil seeing him not noticing his arrival ordered for one tea and then taking one sip from the cup, sat beside Sunil and said,

“Are you by any chance waiting for me? If yes, then tell me how could I help you?”

Sunil not believing Swapnil’s presence as though he was expecting, was overjoyed.

He continued, “Yes friend, you indeed could and in a lot of way or rather in a very big deal. I know you only could help me in this matter and could surely sort this out for me. Without you I am sure noone ever could have solved this for me and it would have led me to my death. This is so crucial. However now seeing high probability for this case of mine to get solved I am a bit relaxed. So let me also order one tea and then I would tell you the story.”

Sunil ordered one tea for him. Taking one sip from it continued, ” I have been married since 2 yrs as you know. I was really having a happy married life. I could bet that noone in this world might have any of that kind like mine. But now its completely a different story altogether. And its turning to such complex that again I could bet that noone would either have this much of unhappiness in his whole married life that I am currently having. Yaar I have completely got frustrated and if this continues for some more time I would be in a position to commit suicide. Truly I am unable to take this anymore. So you need, need to help me anyway.”

Sunil took a pause and leaving a deep breath and with slightly teary eyes continued, “Yaar it was sometime around in last April, six months from now, my wife’s nature, behaviour, attitude towards me suddenly started changing. Gradually I could notice that became more prominent. Unable to understand the reason behind that I indeed asked her quite a lot of times as well. But she has ignored that everytime.

But one evening when I returned from office and was freshening up, I heard that our telephone rang. As expecting her to take that, she did so. But when I was just coming out of the restroom, I found that she was weeping and complaining against me to her mom. I hid myself a bit and allowed her to continue for some more time so that I come to know the reason I had been hunting for quite some time then. In some more time she indeed told that.

Swapnil, you wont believe, hearing that I was almost fainting. She was suspecting me to have a relationship with some other lady. You know friend, if this had been a true story, then during times of loneliness I would have not mind but in front of her just pretended to be absolutely blameless. But when the story is like I really have no such relationship, it hurts in times of loneliness more than giving excuse in front of her. Moreover she was complaining this to her mom. Just think of my situation and prestige towards her mom. So now you need to help me to make her believe that I really don’t have any relationship other than with hers and mine. Yaar please..I am getting frustrated.”

Swapnil wiped off Sunil’s tears and told, “Don’t worry Sunil. If you have faith on me then do keep it as I could surely help you in this matter in regaining your lost relationship with your wife. Sunil see, since you really don’t have one as you are saying, it is pretty much understood that this thought have taken birth in her mind just from imagination. She has no proof of seeing that by her eyes. So in these cases how much you try to explain her about your innocence, she wont be in a situation only to understand. The only way is, to make a part of her belief come true and then changing the other part to her wrong notion.”

Sunil a bit confused told, “Would you please tell me what you want to mean?”

Swapnil said, “Yes ofcourse. See to make her belief partly true you need to allow her to see you with a lady secretly without your knowledge. Then prove that to be just a simple brother – sister relationship also secretly just to her as if you know nothing of it. If you try to show her forcibly a lady and tell that she’s your sister, she would believe half firstly and then would continue to believe that you have bypassed about the actual lady with whom you are actual having relationship. Dont worry friend. This would be a bit tough for you to implement in this situation of yours. I would help you and you just do what I tell you to.”

Sunil agreed and went home. Swapnil planned and arranged for a lady who was a sister of one his friend staying quite far away from Sunil’s locality. Then what happened was perfectly what Swapnil planned.

One day suddenly one call came in Sunil’s home telephone when he was away. As a result his wife took the call and from the other side someone told, “See mam I am one of your well wishers. So thought of informing you, so that if you could take some actions. Your husband is having a relationship with a lady now for quite sometime. If you want to see by your eyes, please come to Rockstar Restuarant today at 5 PM.”

The caller disconnected the phone. The caller told these in such a way that as if he doesn’t know that Sunil’s wife is already suspecting Sunil for the same reason. This would have an important impact that his wife’s belief is true which would be shattered later proved wrong, and also this is the only relationship Sunil is having and none other as the caller seems to keep constant watch on Sunil and seeing so would have informed as well, surely.

As expected Sunil’s wife was there in Rockstar 15 minutes before 5. She saw from another table that Sunil and one lady came in. Sunil ordered two cups of coffee for them. But Sunil’s wife was unable to hear any of their discussion. But as they were about to leave, she saw Sunil to give something wrapped up in an envelop to that lady. They then left.

Sunil’s wife came back home and then immediately got another call. The well wisher called again and said, “So did you verify. Now I would surely inform you about their next meeting..Till then you better think of some action you would take to stop this. Also keep a trace of all calls that Sunil attends when he is at home, secretly from the cordless.” The caller disconnected the phone.

That day itself when Sunil returned home and after having his tiffin was going through the pages of The Telegraph, the telephone rang once again. This time Sunil got off the sofa to take the call and Sunil’s wife just silently rushed in the other room to listen to their discussion in cordless. As Sunil answered, from the other side that lady spoke:

Sunil, “Hey why did you call me now when I am home. Was that so urgent? Don’t you know that the secret could get disclosed anytime and it wont take an hour even to reach your brother, and again which you wont like” Pretending to watch out where his wife is.

From the other side the lady told, “No Bhaijan, not that urgent and I know that. But just couldn’t control over my emotions. You are like God to me Bhaijan. Who would help us like you did by money and not only once but so many times. I know if your old friend means my brother comes to know that you are helping just because he is unable to work anymore and is jobless, he would never again take money from you. He would better stay hungry. But still just forgot to mention one thing today and couldn’t control my emotions. I felt if I dont tell now I would do injustice to you. If you can do so much for us, can I not somehow manage to call you now and do this. Bhaijan, just wanted to request you something. Bhaijan this time I missed to give you rakhi. So would you take if I give you tomorrow? Also Bhaijan I guess you need not give anymore money to us. As he knows, my nursing earnings in one hospital and your help for last six months has accumulated to such an amount that I guess now that would be sufficient for his operation.”

Sunil agreed to her and disconnected the phone. Sunil’s happy life returned once again but his wife never ever discussed on this topic with him.

__END__

