A VISION TO OUR LIVES – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Will Geetha come to college today? Hope she is not angry with me”, were my thoughts while I entered the college gate.

Suddenly I heard a voice saying, “Hello Mr. London, welcome back, we are honored to see you at least in our colleges’ 27

 Alumni meet”.

He was none other than my Mathematics lecturer.

Later I went to my most frequent freak out venue in the college, “The Canteen”, where I and Geetha met while she came to celebrate her friend’s birthday. We fell in love at first sight. College canteen was our lovers’ park. Though it was always busy with people, we still felt secured and private in our own world consisting of a table, two chairs and two glasses of cold coffee with ice cream that satisfied our appetite for very long hours.

I am a short tempered person hence I will always be first to start the quarrel between us. Geetha will never argue with me instead she will leave the place by handing over a small palm size book to me. It was “The Essence of Life” book by Swami Vivekananda which contains valuable quotes and information to empower oneself positively by putting an end to negative emotions. She made it as a habit to collect the book next day and giving it to me during issues between us.

That was the last day of our college life, I was tensed due to a heated argument with my parents. I showed my anger on her and told her not to speak until I call her. She kept her palm size book on the table and left the place without uttering a single word. That was the last day I spoke to her. I tried calling her many times but her number was not in use. I am back to India after five years, wishing to see her in this Alumni meet.

I was surprised to see Geetha sitting in the third table but she was with a guy. I eagerly went near her and sat in the chair opposite to hers. She did not show any sign of recognition, instead she was holding his hands and chatting happily. He said,

”Geetha please wait until I get your favorite cold coffee with ice cream”.

I couldn’t control my anger but before I burst out, a book got slipped down from her hand. It was the same palm size book. I was shocked to see Geetha searching for the book with the help of her hands on the floor. I held her hands and spoke with a trembled voice,

“Geetha, this is Ram”.

She broke into tears.

That guy came with a glass of cold coffee and ice cream.

He asked “Are you Mr. Ram?”

I said, “Yes”.

He brightly smiled and blurted out, “Hello Ram, I am Raghu, Geetha’s cousin working as Physical Educational Trainer in this college. Geetha and her parents were met with a car accident on the last day of your college. She lost her eye sight in the accident. She attends every year Alumni meet with this book in her hand, hoping to meet you. Her faith in you brought you at least after five years.”

I held her hands tighter and never left forever.

__END__

