[A Dozen Roses – Love Short Story]

A Dozen Roses - Love Short Story

Was she lost in a time long forgotten? Sitting there so silent and still, she could be easily mistaken as a statue. No! A masterpiece created by the universes most talented artist.  What an incredible beauty she was. He loved everything about her, but it was her eyes that stole his heart.  He could remember gazing into them for hours lost in the swirling shades of green and blue.  He often would wonder what those eyes truly saw. Surely they have seen much more than his ever could.

Drawing in a deep breath, he slumped against the old oak, gripping the dozen red and pink roses rather firmly. He would go over to her soon, but not yet. He wanted to watch her a little longer and take in as much of her as he could, just in case.

She was sitting on the broken down, weather worn bench just across the clearing. They had met in that very spot several times before. Only then it was different, she loved him.  He would have stayed there with her for eternity, lost in those moments of passion, but leaving was his only choice.  The world was crumbling beneath them, and fighting was the only option. Four long years of war stole her from him. Sure they wrote each other as much as possible, but as winters turned to spring, and spring into summer, the letters got fewer and fewer.

Suddenly his heart began to race, what if she met somebody else? No, not possible! She gave her word that she would wait forever.  “You will always be in my heart, no matter how far away.” It was destiny that he found her here, of all the places in the world; she was at “their place.”  It was time. Brushing his hair back, he took a step from behind the tree. Only a yard away sat the love of his life. Every hope and dream he ever had.

Who is that man approaching her from the opposite direction?! Would he make it there before his love was stolen away by this criminal? Just as he began to run to her rescue, she embraced her capturer. He froze as she leaned in to kiss the stranger. Though still far away, he could see the sparkle in her eyes as the man handed her the dozen pink and red roses..

-The End-

