In this world, you realise there is a difference between needs and wants. A difference between food and phone but above all there is love. Above all, there is that one thing that makes you do something that looks stupid to another, something that makes you act, think and speak differently and above all, something that makes you ignore all reasonable reason.

“No Carrie, I can’t”, Okay! You are pretty much wondering what’s happening, I will explain. I am a woman who was sold into prostitution by her parents at a tender age of fifteen and did I mention they were killed by my buyer. Now nine years later, the son of the sick pathetic excuse of a man who mercilessly used me upon my arrival at the brothel loves me.

“He loves you. Can’t you see?!”, My friend Carrie said. Five years after our arrival, we were grateful to the person who deemed it fit to see the end of the business. On that fateful day, the police men rescued us and guaranteed our freedom.

“I am seeing but I am not convinced he is unlike his father”, I said to her, pleading for her to reason with me. I first knew Xavier on the day of his father’s arrest who by the way was one of the owners of the brothel. Xavier, who claimed he knew nothing of his father dealings, promised to give each of the ten girls found that day a sum of two hundred thousand dollars each to start a new life. I knew that was a stipend to what he spends per day considering he was one of the hotel world billionaires.

“You are still convinced he is like his father, Reina. He is not. I can prove that in a thousand ways, like for example he worked for his own money, never talked to his father for the past ten years except, well, that day and it was to help us out and…”, Though I knew those reasons does not tell if a person was like his father but I knew my friend speaks the truth.

“Carrie, I love him but the what ifs keep ringing on my mind”, I confessed. Looking back from that day we were rescued, I realized I did like him. His looks which consist of his blond hair, green eyes and business man type of man personal was a wow factor but what caused the attract was his gentleness, confidence and his approach to things.

The truth was after we were released, few weeks later, Xavier had tracked me down to the little apartment Carrie and I bought. To leave the past behind, we had to leave Texas for New York and open a small coffee shop which thankfully is making great sales. Carrie and I are different in the sense that, her family who she was taken away from when she was seventeen agreed to let her leave Texas. Apart from having relations, our physical appearance differs. While Carrie is short, blond haired, brown eyes and slim weight I am medium height and weight, brown hair and eyes. Though, I might be the extrovert but we compliment each other.

“Rey, tomorrow is not guaranteed. You can’t know if you don’t try but there is that one factor you should consider. Yes, he is kind, funny and pretty much a keeper but the above it all factor is do you love him?”, She asked while looking into my eyes.

I thought and a smile spread across my face. For so long, my denial has caused me to step back but I hope above all love would fix the hurt.

Seeing the smile on my face, she stood me up from the chair and pushed me out, “Go get your man”.

–END–

