The Thing Called Love – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

He took a long drag and let out the smoke out with a long sigh and said, “Don’t care too much buddy. I got dumped because I wanted to secure each and every step of hers, only to realize I was building walls for her.”

Whoa ! what a beginning to my end, I thought. Just when I started understanding it, I came to know I shouldn’t care much. I wanted more answers and was determined to know more.

I heard another crazy answer, “Dude! All these things don’t last much. You go out with one, enjoy  and dump or get dumped. After all there is an open world, then why confine to one.” Amazing isn’t it. Now I know why the previous one got dumped.

Then I heard someone sensible. A friend of mine who said, “It’s that stupid nervousness for a boy before proposing a girl, and for a girl it is that excitement of standing before a nervous guy.” Now that’s interesting. A girl who stands before a nervous guy. Well if she said, “No”, then that boy won’t loose the girl, but his confidence of getting another one.

But then the word I have been talking about has always boggled my head. There was still much to it.

Another incident that literary blanked my mind was when I heard about a story that a friend of mine narrated. He told me about a marriage that he had been to. The couple decided not to get married until their dearest of all their friends came. Their friend was a bald and of a strong built. He hugged them both and the wedding proceeded. After almost two years, the couple was blessed with a boy. The bald headed person, who now seemed to have lost quite a lot of weight, was to be seen again. The young boy cuddled in his arms, felt comfortable and slept. A few days later came the news of the death of the bald man. He died in his sleep and was suffering from cancer. I was told that it was his last wish to see his friends getting married, but he lived long enough to see them happy enough with their child who played in his arms.

Was that friendship or extreme love that completely consumed him? Is it longer than a crush or just one night stand? There is something that lasts for eternal. That one feeling, that a mother has for her unborn child. Those countless nights gazing at the moon and projecting the face of that girl, whom the boy truly loves.

Today, I set my sail onto the mast of my boat. Float on the water with the winds guiding and sun showing the way.  I look for something that binds us together, leaves an impression on our souls and that feeling that beautifies and lasts forever…

 

***

Ever since I was gifted the book. The same book that almost everyone of has read, either to pass our semester exams, or just to enjoy the way it is written ; the  classic written by Charles Dickens, titled “A Christmas Carol.”

That one scene in the book taught this toddler a lesson for life.The true meaning of Christmas was what I had learnt. It’s the scene where the ghost of present takes Uncle Scrooge to the house of his clerk. It is there that he learns that how poor he is and yet so content with the salary he has his living as. With one turkey to share to share amongst ten people, and yet raised a toast for the well being of their godfather, Uncle Scrooge.

He wept, for he knew they were poor, yet never increased the pay of his clerk; and yet they wished for his good health. The ghost then asked Scrooge to pledge that he would never let the spirit of Christmas would be alive in him not for a day, but for every single breath he breathe.

The Festival of love, to share happiness for that every single breath, was what I had learnt. This scene has played a major role in my life.

Today, I share all my joys and camouflaged the sorrows to it. Enjoy with everyone, after all there is always something to share with everyone. A colleague to his boss, a bystander to another stranger and a mother to her daughter.

But then, no matter how strong the bond is, estrangement does widen the gap. The gap in communication as this generation put it. Mistrust, lying and sometimes showing a back with no answers said, unrelieved is what causes the gap. The unconditional love is bound with conditions and the trust falls apart like a house of cards and building it again would be another task.

To me, I guess, love starts with friendship, builds with trust and has to have a clear  understanding; not of your

 similarities, but differences.

I have yet only left the shore, the winds have not turned to storms and the moon is still in serenity. It seems I have only started with my journey, the horizon is not clear, and somehow I wish it never is…..

__

