Love Short Story – Daring First Trial-Lady

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was a sudden disapproval from all those who were there after hearing my suggestion, as if am I daring to do something out of space. Like a daring devil. “Not again,after all what is your problem?I haven’t heard any lady daring to do such a thing.” my brother Sanju yelled.

“Hey,leave it yaar..That won’t be ok” my old but best classmate Nisha consoled me.

I think next it was my turn to speak up. So without any hesitation I encountered. “I have already decided. And there is no one who is going to stop me from doing this. That’s it” ,with a stone heart I just left the room with  thrash to the door. I know I shouldn’t have said like that but I wanted deeply to try at least once. Anybody would have refused and so do they.

After all those arguments it was high time that I wanted a place to relax. To relieve all the burden in my heart. So I thought of going to the near by park and took place in the corner bench which was lying there with no body in it. I just took a deep breath and sat down with eyes closed. Cold breeze was so soothing as it passed by and felt as if some one so near was patting and consoling me. The climate was very calm and  quiet. In that calmness I dozed a while.

All started from my college days. Those days are the most valuable and daring days of anyone. So do I. There I had a deep attraction to a guy. Tall,smart,handsome,daredevil..all features a girl would want to. At first we were just friends but as time passed we became close. Closer and closer by all means. Yes we were in love or may be I dared to love him. It was my first love..the one. Like most of the girls there shattered my destiny too, I wasn’t a daredevil. Probably I wasn’t the one for him..I was dumped. Not only that , I was cheated.

But I am not at all angry with him, even though I was just a piece of excitement for him . How can I be to a person who is there, counting his precious days of life in the palliative care suffering with fully blown AIDS. May be for few days . I thank God in that case, he cured my initial stages of disease as was lucky enough to consult a doctor then. Now am completely back to my life. Feels like a free bird soaring high.

Its a resurrection. A rebirth. I would never want to spare my life again doing such filthy things..not a daredevil either. But that past was an eye opener for me. It was the I intended to start a condom outlet of my own. I know the people  will definitely mock and make fun of me, that too when a lady initiates. These are beyond a girls norms, isn’t it..But I am ready to face, its the new me who is saying. It’s now or never. And I think I am the person who must dare to give the first try.

–END–

