He was completely lost in the deep, sonorous voice of the young girl. It was his first day in the Music Academy, and he had never heard such a lovely voice before. Ankit had come to learn Music in the only academy in the small town in which he lived. At 20, Ankit had won several laurates in school for singing and now this tall, lanky boy wanted to learn music , so that he could take up his hobby professionally, someday.

Ankit went ahead to see, whose voice it was which had the perfect blend of tone as well as notes. Shruti was totally lost in her singing unaware of Ankit’s presence.

When Ankit looked at Shruti, he couldn’t take his eyes away from her. Apart from her singing ,

he found her to be the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.Shruti was wearing a white chudidar suit with embroidery and had a tie dye colourful dupatta around her neck. She had big set eyes, and was wearing a small bindi over her forehead. The tiny earrings matching her suit ,were dangling from her ear. Once Shruti finished the song,everyone present in the room applauded her,except for Ankit.Ankit stood in the corner so engrossed in looking at Shruti,that he didn’t realise that she had completed the song.

Suddenly,he felt someone’s hand on his shoulder and he turned to see who it was.

“Are you new to this academy,son”,the man asked,

Ankit looked towards the man.The man was about 50 Years old and was clad in a pair of kurta pyjamas. His face was calm and eyes bright.

As soon as Ankit turned to see the man,he realized it was Guruji ,who taught music in the academy.

Ankit touched his feet and told him that he was a new student in the academy and wanted to learn music .He also told him about his interest in music and all the laureates he had won in his school days.

Shruti came towards them, Ankit couldn’t help looking at her, but turned away his eyes as she neared them.

Guruji introduced both of them and told Ankit that Shruti is his daughter.

“You are a wonderful singer Shruti”,Ankit remarked.

“Thanks .” Shruti said with a smile.

Ankit started his classes in the academy.

Guruji had listened to him and told him that he needs to practice a lot. And Ankit had promised him that he will put in all his efforts and do whatever practice was required. At times,Shruti also helped him in his practice ,and used to correct him whenever he faltered in applying some notes here and there.

Slowly,Ankit and Shruti fell in love with each other.

One day Ankit told Shruti that he wanted to become a musical sensation and wanted to leave the city and goto Mumbai to make his career in singing. Shruti looked towards him and said nothing.

“What happened Shruti?”, Ankit asked.

“Nothing.I just feel that you should learn some more music and practice some more before thinking of a career.”

“I feel I should make a move now.”

“And, what about us ?” Shruti gave a questioning look to him.

“You know I love you Shruti and want to marry you.But,really want to make my career there and I promise I will come and get you.”

Shruti didn’t argue further and thought of giving all the support he needed from her.

Few days later, Ankit left the small town where he lived, to fulfill his dreams of becoming a singer. Once,he reached the land of his dreams,he started visiting the various studios,in the city daily.

Soon he realized that it was not easy to fulfill his dreams.There was a lot of competition which he had to face.He visited many music directors ,and didn’t even get  a small chance to showcase his talent. He called Shruti every day and told her about the struggles he was going through.  Shruti was praying for him daily, so that he could get all the success he wanted.

One year had already passed, and still he was running from one place to another.His search was seeming endless. He even tried joining a Rock Band so that he could get some channel to perform on stage, somehow it didn’t work. The band was  looking for a different kind of voice. There were few small music composers who listened to him on his request, only to disappoint him in the end.

On one occasion, Ankit met a music composer by the name of Vasu. Vasu was a music composer,who was about Ankit’s age and just had one or two albums to his name. He like Ankit, was also struggling to make his career in the field of music. Vasu told him to contact him,and also said that he would like to listen to him.

The next day,Ankit went to meet Vasu. Vasu heard him and told him that he had all the talent to reach the top.This was the first time he gave a sigh of relief.

“Ankit, I have a melody in mind and I want you to sing it for me.Will you?”

“Sure.”Ankit felt thrilled after a long time.

They independently worked on the song,which was released a few months later.The song was a big hit and  created a huge sensation.

Suddenly, things changed for Ankit. Music Composers wanted to sign him for their movies and there were huge lines of fans following him around for his autograph. The composers who had rejected him earlier, now had a sense of guilt.

Shruti was really happy seeing his success and didn’t have words to express to him.She couldn’t thank god more. Her prayers were answered. Ankit even called his Guruji and thanked him.

Ankit’s popularity and fan following was increasing day by day.He started working for various movies and albums.He did shows in various cities of the country. Ankit  wanted to perform in his own hometown and decided for the same. After all, that was where he had learnt music.

The show date was fixed and all the preparation for his show started. Shruti and all his friends were really excited for his performance and were counting the days,when he would be performing there.

And finally the day for his show arrived.

Ankit was happy as well as nervous. He was going to his hometown after more than a year. He had many thoughts going on in his mind. When he stepped on the stage, the crowd applauded, hooted and whistled.  He sang all his popular songs with the audience humming along .

Towards the end, he sang that song which was the key to his success.

At the end of the show,the audience came on stage to get their photograph clicked with him and take his autograph. The female fans couldn’t help expressing their love for him and some even proposed to him. Shruti had tried to come in the front after the show,but it was really difficult for her to reach him.

She kept on moving forward and when she reached in the front,she called out his name. He glanced at her once but didn’t acknowledge her. Shruti waited for a few moments, and then after not getting any response from him, left for home. She had tears in her eyes.She didn’t know what to think.

An hour later,the doorbell rang. Ankit was standing right in front of her. She looked at him and didn’t say anything. Suddenly,Ankit sang his most romantic song for her and proposed marriage to her.

Shruti couldn’t help smiling and said yes to his proposal.

–END–

