LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

Springtime always reminded me of lost opportunities and sad woeful times. The new leaves birthing onto the branches, the birds finding their voices again, and the scent of new beginnings were overwhelming. And it was only by coincidence that the letter should have arrived that day.

I was going out for a walk when I saw the postman closing in. I thought of letting him leave the letters at the door, like always, but something in me wanted me to take those letters and read them– rather than let them sit collecting dust by the door.

“Hello,” I said to him.

 The postman smiled and handed me the letter, something very different about him.

 “Have a good day, ma’am,” he said and jogged away.

The letters were of the usual– magazine subscriptions, charity, old age homes and discount coupons. But at the end of the sundry pile was an unrecognizable letter. It was stamped and the address on it was handwritten– quite different from the recent computer-generated stickers. And I felt quite happy seeing that. Almost as if someone was trying to keep the love in letters alive with splattered ink.

And then I noticed the way the ‘A’s were written– slightly curved as they began– bringing to mind something I’d thought I’d put away forever.

 

 

My mind was adrift in emotions of the letter I had clasped in my hand. A car brushed past me and I was brought back into the real world. The letter was from, whom I now knew, a man lost in time. Or so I thought. His name was Fox and he was a very eccentric man. He had a very vague outlook on life– finding answers where one wouldn’t normally find. There were times I was only lending an ear and barely opening my mouth to say anything; he was so full of stories to tell.

He knew about most anything and was always fascinating me with strange mysteries. I remember one particular time we decided to drive up to the lake house his parent’s owned for a quiet weekend. And I still don’t know how it went from being a quiet getaway to a loud noisy end of our relationship.

And even amongst the orange light of a flickering candle, I could see the anger in his eyes followed swiftly by regret and I could picture his face as I slammed the door at it. It had started to rain and the clouds were roaring. I was barging away when I realized I was getting nowhere, and I returned, not as the loser, but only for shelter.

“Only till it ends,” I said, talking of the rain, but he, being Fox, read between the lines and said something remarkably different.

“Only till you and I end,” he said and smiled, not to my amusement.

I left as soon as the rain stopped clattering on the roof. It was still dark but almost dawn when I quietly picked up my shoes and slipped out the door. He must have awoken hours later, thinking of the nightmare that we put ourselves through. I moved house since then, and I admit almost immediately. I got a job and got married. But I was now wondering where I actually was in the middle of my life’s mess.

And in the next minutes, I was running across the halls, trying to find the keys to my car. Fumbling, crashing into things I finally found it and my hands were shaking as I put the key to ignition. I hadn’t even realized that all the while I was holding onto the half-read letter, now crumpled.

A blue Ford was on the highway breaking speed limits. It was me and I was only waiting for the police siren to go off and ask me to pull over. But somehow, I did not care. I was driving now, out of control towards a perhaps mangled, broken shack of wood where I cut short a story that was supposed to go on forever.

The letter lay quietly beside me on the seat while I jiggled and jumped onto the uneven roads to the lakehouse. Reaching there was always a headache and I did not know how far my car would go. As soon as the road ended, I jumped out of the car, setting on foot. I was running– the mud splashing all over my white sneakers.

But I reached there, finally.

To find, absolutely nothing.

The lakehouse was gone. Burnt down, apparently. The wet sooty remains of the house were kissing the edges of my shoes and soon it started to rain. Almost as if in a bid to mock my present state of mind. I put my hands to my head and I sighed hard.

Brokenhearted, I walked back to my car to finish the rest of the letter.

 

 

I just sat there, in my botched car with the rain fogging the windows, with a letter now soaked with my tears or the rain– I could not tell. I felt my chest tighten and a dagger of guilt find its way there. I felt the last night play in my mind and play over and over again.

I drove back home and found myself nuzzled into my bed, to lie quietly forever.

Springtime gleamed with all its glory, showing off now, its colours and cheer. Somewhere in that time of new life and new beginnings, I found myself stopped at a moment lost in time. And in a moment of regret and absolute devastation, I looked at the ‘A’s and cried.

__END__

