Love Short Story – True meaning of Love

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Guys this is a story of love, love is the name of trust, understanding, & support without any limitations. It is a feeling that never ends.

Adam was a intelligent guy and he doesn’t like to have many friends. he don’t believe to keep any relation for long term. he like to help everyone, he is smart, studious and career oriented boy. One day a girl named Marry from his class called her at night and asked for a help. she said she is in need of money & she trust him as she know he is the only guy who can help her. she requested Adam not to tell about this call to anybody.

Adam said relax i will help you out & you don’t have to bother about anything. he transfer money from his account & from here their friendship started. You all are thinking who is that girl..here i’m introducing her, she is a girl with lots of love & happiness in her heart. she is a girl having lots of dreams she is a free spirit,she do whatever she want to do but she belong from a pure orthodox  family. A family from lots of rules and restriction. You might also thinking why she need money, Marry was in a relationship & her boyfriend needs money as he don’t have. Marry promised him to help him anyways that’s why she asked Adam for money.. now why only from Adam.. Marry is a girl who has good quality to judge people, she observed Adam & found that he is a only guy who is trustworthy. Marry has many friends but she talk them and share only good things with them. now what about bad & worst things.. she keep it with herself and hide all her sadness with a fake smile & try to pretend to be most happy girl of the world.

One winter morning Marry is sitting in college cafeteria behaving that she is reading a book, suddenly Adam came near & sat beside her, he asked hey which topic is going on..

Marry simply pas a fake smile & close that book and said oh Mr.Adam don’t ask such questions from me I simply read so that i can pass the coming exam.

Adam said i may help you if you have any doubt.

Marry said really! then she said thank you so much & leave that place. That meeting was not good Adam was amaze and got totally confused by such behavior from Marry, he was not able to sleep over night then suddenly he gets a clue that may be Marry was sad or little bit disturbed..but he get confused why ??

then he asked marry to sit beside him in the classroom. Marry is so happy she used to sit with different people after every class. but that day Marry talks about many random issues of class, she is naughty she make Adam laugh loudly with her silly and naughty talks. Finally Adam felt a attraction for Marry. Adam wants to know more n more about Marry.

one night Adam called her to ask about project which they have to submit next day & found Marry that marry is talking in a pale voice .

he asked what happen ? everything is alright ??

Marry said no ..& started crying. He asked about the matter. Marry told him about his relationship which is going to end because of lots of misunderstanding. He supported her and make her understood that life must go on. From here, he found that Marry is most lonely girl as she has no-one to share her deepest sorrow. But he decided to help her always.

Adam is punctual and serious, he tried to make Marry same like him, but Marry got changed after her break-up. She lives life with sadness,day after day her eyes becomes more weak & pale. Now Adam decided to make her smile anyways. He crack silly jokes and try to make her happy. try to care her as his small child, he make her to eat & take her outside to make her feel good. Marry saw changes in Adam, Adam is just becoming like as Marry (as she was earlier ), She felt loved,cared and protected with Adam, She do whatever Adam say because she trust him & know that she is safe with Adam.

One day Adam take Marry to a long drive and then they went to Adam’s uncle house. there Adam’s aunt served them lunch. they had food and sits without saying anything. Adam is silently watching Marry with lots of pain in his eyes. Suddenly he kissed her in forehead and asked tell me where did i kissed you. Marry is expressionless and had not understood what to reply. she said i don’t know. now Adam kissed her on whole face and asked same question Marry said on whole face. Then Adam kisses on her lips and asked same question now Marry close her eyes and tears started rolling.

now Adam kissed again and asked will you marry me, Marry started crying and said yes..

next day morning both of them are taking sip of coffee and Adam’s mobile rang he saw his parents are calling, he said Marry do you want to talk to my mother and received phone. He started to talk and said he is taking coffee with Marry and will go to class after that. and then asked his mother to talk to Marry. Marry gets shocked but talked nicely with his parents. thereafter day by day passes;They saw lots of dreams together planned many countless wishes which they want to fulfill after marriage.

One day Adam’s parents meet Marry and asked her about her future plans. she explained them that she love Adam a lot and her only wish is to be with Adam forever. Adam’s parents asked her about her parents wish then she said they might not be agree with this decision and will never forgive her. then Adam’s parents said both of you make your career first then plan for marry and said we have no problem with this relation but your parents must be agree for this marriage & if they don’t get agree, you both make yourself to live as what your parents wish.

Then they both struggled for 3 years but unfortunately they were not stable to their job and they both fail in making a strong and stable career, as a financial point of view they both lack to survive together. After lots of failure of Marry,Marry’s parents plan to search a stable and rich boy so that their daughter would be happy after marriage.

One day Marry’s father went to his friend’s home and met his friend’s son Mathew who is young, fair, smart, stable, rich,and perfect for his daughter. he asked his friend about this and his friend became so happy and said he too wishes the same and wants Marry to be his daughter-in-law. Both of them were happy and told about their wishes to every family member.

then next day Mathew and his whole family came to see and meet Marry. After knowing the intention of their meet marry gets depressed. The very next day Mathew said yes to his parents & said i m ready to get married with Marry. Here, Marry told about all worst situation of his life to Adam, Adam said relax sweetheart everything will get alright nobody could separate us. That night Marry started crying and is not able to control over her tears, her mother saw Marry in this disaster and asked her calmly, she cried and told about each and every dreams which she and Adam saw together.

Her mother said see child that is not love, you both are attracted to each other and what you are saying in not possible in this birth as you belong to other caste and religion, how could you love a guy who is from lower caste, who is financial unstable, he is not able to keep you happy. Marry said no i will be happy with him mom please make it possible. Her mother said forget that boy and stop crying and she went away from room.

That night Marry cried n only cried. she was not able to understand what should be she do. she then take her notebook and started to write a letter to her father, in that letter she said sorry but i love Adam with all my heart he is the only dream of my life, after continuous failure i’m not able to lose him also. he is my last wish dad please met him at least once he is really a good guy. i cant be happy with any other person, i know him from last 5 years and we both love each other and wants to get married if you permit us.

She wrote everything to make her dad believe in her love for Adam and requested him to meet Adam once. Next morning she took that letter & kept in her dad’s shoes and leaved the house. While getting late Marry’s father was in hurry he found one letter in his shoes he kept that in his pocket and left home. He read that letter while reaching to the office and became angry from his daughter as she break all rules of his family.

At evening he came to home & found that Marry is  sleeping, her mother told that she is having fever that’s why she is sleeping. Then Marry’s father told her wife about the deeds of her daughter. she said oh no she told you. Then they both came to the room asked Marry what happen how you dared to do such deeds, they said all these things are waste of time, we are social we all should obey certain rules and we will never permit you to do such deeds, they asked Marry to forget Adam.

Marry started crying and her parents started to scold her about all the things,about rules, about society,about culture, they compared Adam with Mathew and said Adam is good for nothing he is unstable& poor guy and called Adam from Marry’s mobile Marry’s mother is angry and imposed Adam to forget and leave Marry, she said now don’t call her,she is getting married and from now i will keep her mobile with me. Marry’s mother advised Adam to search a girl from his caste and get married soon.  Adam replied ok! and disconnected the phone.

Now everybody is busy in preparation of Marry’s marriage. Her parents said you have to remain happy after getting married with Mathew,don’t ever spoil our name and fame in front of everyone. Adam also forgot Marry and gets busy in his job. One day Marry went out for some work she went to Adam’s office to meet him. Adam saw her & started saying what happened tell me what your parents said about me. Marry said leave all that, i am agree to get marry with other guy.

She saw a pain in Adam’s eyes, she hugged Adam and said dear don’t be weak like me, you are strong and will definitely get a girl who love you care you support you more then i do, dear please ask your mother to search a girl so that you can be happy, when another girl love you,you even forget my name too, Adam said no dear i will never get married to anyone. you are the only love of my life, i will become rich and become successful that day your parents will not oppose us, Marry said its not about financial stability it is about caste & religion. for them rules,custom,society are more important than their daughter.

Adam said dear you don’t cry and please be happy with Mathew. Marry said i hate my life want to end it, Adam said no dear you will not do that, you are my strong baby,Marry said fine then please promise me you will never adopt any bad habit, promise me you will get married and love another girl more then me. Adam said now i can’t promise you anything, Marry started to cry and requested Adam to stay in touch forever. Adam said yes dear i love you beyond time beyond everything and will keep your memories in my heart forever.

Wedding dates of Mathew’s & Marry’s are decided by their parents, and that is after 4 months, everyone is happy in both families except Marry! Marry deleted all photographs of Adam but then realized Adam is inside her, she can’t go away from Adam, as he lives inside her heart, she feels his presence in her every heart beat, she wonder how Adam forgot her & her love, she tried to call Adam but his mobile is switched off, after 2 weeks she saw a dream were Adam gives yellow rose to her and kisses on forehead. she gets waked and saw the time its 2’o clock, she send a sms in Adam’s mobile asking him how is he, Adam replied what to say, still have mild pain in throat,what about you?

Marry replied me too suffering from fever, again they started worrying about each other’s  health and decided to remain as best friends as they can’t live happy without each other. soon Marry and Mathew get married,, after a year Adam’s parents found a sweet girl named Venus for Adam, Adam agreed to marry that girl as Marry forced him to do that, Marry and Adam supported each other in every situation and remained as a best friend forever. They showed & proofed different meaning of love,i.e,togetherness. For them love means support each other in every situation. Definitely they both are married to other person and lived happily with their husband and wife but without each other’s support it may not be possible for them to live and face such hurdles of life.

__END__

