Love Short Story – You kept your promise

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Life is a long journey, a journey that is best played out with a special love. A love, whose juxtapositions of hope, triggers the tense drawn strings of heart into a symphony of heart beats.”

I looked at the page for a long time. The words formed a pen picture in my mind’s eye reflecting the harshness of realities that I was going through. The world seemed like a huge cage from which the bird of love had flown away deserting my heart and filling my eyes with the moistures of eternity.

I looked at the calendar the date hanged between 13

 and 14

September. Many greetings flashed on my mobile’s screen. I shuffled through them and turned off my mobile. Plugging in my headphones I decided to retire for the night. But the words of the song brought tears back to my eyes. I started weeping and in the very act fell asleep.

“Avi wake up! Why do u sleep so much?” a voice broke through. I pushed open my tear filled eyelids and a saw one of the most beautiful face in the world. I could not believe my eyes. She was Jenny, my Jenny, the apple of my eye. I got up slowly, the vibrant cries of the children and the cool green grass brought me back to senses. “Hey Mr. Sleeping Beauty is your dream over “asked Jenny.

“Oh yaa!!! Btw why is your nose flushed red?” I added.

“A butterfly was sitting my nose and its pollen dusted wings made me sneeze the life out of me!” she screamed.

I tried my best to suppress my laughter but in the end could not help myself. Jenny gave a stern look at me and her smile vanished from her lips. Taking guard of the situation I immediately pulled her and kissed her lips. This very act turned her into a red tomato and she held me tighter as if drawing out more warmth from me.

“Avi don’t u think we should go for a walk?” she asked,” I think we have become the centre of attraction over here amongst the children” I nodded in acceptance and we got up from the shade and took the long winding road down the small hill beside the lake. She took my hand in hers and began to sing a song.

“The day we met

 Frozen I held my breath

 Right from the start

 I knew it I found a home for my

 Heart beats fast

 Colours and promises…..”

She sang for a long time. I listened to the sweet melody of her voice filling the environment, touching the strings of my heart into a symphony of its own.

We took an uncertain stop by the lake where we saw two swans wadding together in the calm waters. She pressed my fingers and with those dark dreamy eyes fixed upon me revealed the sweetest smile, a smile full of innocence, full of love. “Avi, since the day we met I’ve fallen deeply in love with you. There are no words to express the feeling I feel in my heart that you came into my life, and how you make every day so special. Every second, every minute, every day spend with you adds a new meaning a new chapter to this book of life. Dear you are the best gift GOD has given me and each and every moment spend with you is a diadem to my heart. Baby I want to spend my life with you and when the time comes die lovingly in your arms.”

There were tears in her eyes I could not refrain myself and took her in my arms immediately. She tightened the grip as if it was the last hug of her life.

“Sweetheart I will never leave you I love you more than anything dear. You are the rose, whose redness sparkles through the full moon night rekindling the long unused strings into a symphony of love” I replied.

She looked at me with those moist eyes and out of the blue produced a rose from her bag. “Avi this is a token of our love and our friendship” she said.

I took the rose from her and replied” it might be a simple rose but it’s worth more than a million dollar gift. Thank you darling.”

As soon as the words slipped from my lips she began to fade away, I could see tears in her eyes. I struggled hard to reach her but an unearthly force held me back. I made a final attempt to free me but in turn fell down. There was a little flicker of light entering through a narrow slit. Guided by it I reached the switch board and pressed the switch. Everything illuminated in a flash. I was in my room and the blanket had fallen off from the bed. Reality struck me and I understood that I was dreaming. Jenny was no longer alive but as she had promised she did pay me a visit on my birthday. Drops of tears rolled down my eyes and I walked down the memory lane as visions flashed before my eyes. But as my glance fell on the pillow there was perhaps the best gift of my life. In the white cover carefully kept was a beautiful rose with a small note attached to it. I reached for it and opened it. It read…

“Only a rose I give you,

Only a song dying away,

Only a smile to keep in memory;

Until we meet another day.”

__END__

