PART 1 : THE MARRIAGE

Sameera Rathore and Gauri Rathore the two daughters of the Vikram Rathore , the king of Kurdistan. Sameera , the elder daughter of Vikram who had inherited special powers of day where as Gauri, the younger daughter of the king had inherited special powers of the night.

The two daughters had fought each other since childhood and tried to dominate each other powers.As they grew up together they both wanted to get married. But once while playing Sameera threw acid on gauri’s face.She got sign of burn on her face which could not be removed.Gauri thought that she would not be chosen by any man and will not get married eventually.

Gauri went furious and warned Sameera that she will kill her if she gets married.With age Sameera realized that marriage is necessary and asked Gauri that even she can get married.

“There are many men.She can choose anyone.After all she is princess born and brought up in a royal family.” requested Sameera. But Gauri didn’t listen to it.She went mad and thought negative about herself.

 

PART 2 : THE CHANGE OF DECISION.

Parker and Sameera wanted to get married.Everyone agreed.But biggest problem was Gauri.Parker went to Gauri and said,”Please stay calm princess and everything will become normal with time. There is no need to fight.”

“No,Sameera can’t get married until  I am alive.” said Gauri to Parker.

Parker became furious but didn’t lay hand on Gauri. He came back and sat on a seat in a park.He felt horrible and worried that he won’t be able to get married.

God appeared in complete white clothes and handed over the magical key to him.

“This key will take you to the door you wish to.You just have to memorize the address of the destination door and put the key in the door” said God and vanished before parker can ask any more questions.

Parker took the key and went to Gauri’s palace.He said,”I want to marry you.But you will have to kill Sameera. ”

Gauri said ,” Why did you change your decision. ”

“You are stronger than Sameera that is the reason WHY !!”,said Parker making his face in an innocent manner.

They loved each other all the night.”I had fixed my marriage on this Sunday.It is a full moon night.That night your powers will increase and you can easily kill Sameera.” said Parker

“Yes,Yeah go on.” said Gauri.

Parker gifted Gauri a big size mirror which looked amazing and had beautiful embroidery of sea-shells.It reflected Gauri’s image as she watched herself in bridal clothes.She felt wonderful because finally all the tough days in life were over.She looked very charming and pretty.

Parker put many square-rectangular mirrors on each side of the walls and they made love.He put a glass dome-shaped mirror hanging from the roof top.He made sure that the images looked clean and room becomes warmer.

 

PART 3 : THE WEDDING DAY

Parker decided to host his wedding at a hill .He told Sameera that she must get ready as the marriage arrangements have been done.Sameera feared that something horrible might not happen. She looked worried that Gauri might take any action.She felt nervous that her powers will diminish after she get married.

“She might hurt you.I am afraid for you.”,said Sameera to Parker.

“Don’t worry for me.Nothing will happen”said Parker as he hugged and kissed her shoulder.

Finally the day had arrived and all the arrangements were over.Everyone waited for the glimpse of the royal wedding.Parker also built a small room which was same as that of the Gauri’s palace room.It had the same bed,same curtains and same mirrors on the wall.Everything was same.It was beautifully decorated. No one outside could recognize that why that room was built.

The marriage in full moon night began.It was a lavish and extravagant wedding.People wore flamboyant and extravagant dresses.It was looking wonderful.Everybody gathered.Parker didn’t come on time.Then he went to Gauri’s palace and said,”Finally the time has come and the day has arrived.You must kill Sameera.”

Gauri dressed up and was ready.Parker went towards her and kissed her.He carried her on his arms walked to the door taking the magical key in hand.He took Gauri to room above the mountain in front of marriage celebration place.Gauri couldn’t even realize anything that the location was changed but the room was exactly the same.He put Gauri back on the bed again and said ,”We will live happily for ever.”

In bridegroom’s dress Parker walked out saying that he would be back in a moment.Gauri waited.

Parker walked to the place where Sameera was waiting as a bride.She looked stunning. The marriage ceremony was completed and both of them were happy.

It was morning time and full moon night was over.The sun rays were on the mountain.

Parker said to Sameera,”We are going to spend our first night in that room.”

Sameera said ,”You built that room for me.Thank you for all the memories and what all you have done.”

Parker opened the door. The first rays of the sun entered the room. The temperature of the room rose drastically. The mirrors and glasses reflected the light on to each other which eventually led to increase the warmth of the room.

Gauri felt uncomfortable and shouted ,” How could sun rays enter inside the room.Help! Help! “.She realized that her powers are decreasing in the hot room.She watched Sameera and Parker inside the room.Gauri cried out,” Parker help.”

Parker pointing his hand towards Gauri said to Sameera, “Your powers are increasing.Kill her.This is our best chance.We will live happily after Gauri’s death.”

Gauri cried out,”You cheated me Parker.You made this plan.Stop this.I love you and have broken my trust.”

Parker replied ,” Don’t blame me for what I have done.You did this to yourself.You tried to kill Sameera and break my marriage. ”

Sameera softly said,”Let us give her one more chance.After all she is my sister.How did you get her inside this room.”

Gauri answered, “Thank you for your politeness.I will never come closer to both of you.”

But Sam grew frustrated and said,”What ? She will change from her word.Do as I say.Don’t think too much.She will not spare us afterwards and I have done all this work for you and you only.”

Sam angrily shouted,”Do as I say.Just finish it”.

Sameera jumped towards her sister .Sameera changed herself to a white angel.Gauri changed to a black witch.They both grabbed each others neck.Finally Sameera won and the body of Gauri turned into ashes.

Sameera and Parker hugged and cried for each other.They both came out to the public.Sameera always remembered what he did for her.

The crowd waved their hands.Drums started to beat,piano started to pick the music,singers started to sing and cheer leader started to cheer up.

Sameera and Parker met everyone who blessed them.They both lived happily ever after.

–END–

