First Love : Girls Side – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was in standard 7

 when I 1

 came across the feeling of skipping a heartbeat after looking at someone. My heart felt like it would jump out of my chest and fall in his hands.

Being a good girl I had never spoken to boys even though I studied in a co–ed school until the day I saw him. Vihaan!!!

Imagine someone who never knew anything about attraction getting magnetically pulled towards something which her mom has told her to stay away from. How does it sound. Funny, strange, right, wrong???

Mixed emotions.!!

1

 time in 7 years of schooling my friend avani and me were not in the same class. We both had already sulked a lot over it in the summer vacation and finally we decided that recess time we would spend together. So as soon as the bell rang I rushed out of my class towards avani’s class and there he was at the door of avani’s class.

The 1

 words that came of my mind for the 1

 ever guy I liked were “ooh la la” accompanied with a broad and the brightest smile on my face. He was standing near the door chatting with his male pals and probably missed all of this (thank god for that) but as avani came to me the 1

 question was-

“Who is he? Never seen him before?”

Avani answered my queries that his name is vihaan and he was forever in our school only.

Of course my entire 20 minute recess went in staring at him occasionally and talking to avani. I felt all the more sad that I am not in avani’s class.

The next few days passed in admiring vihaan beauty. His complexion was fair, nice black hair cut into short the most awesomest smile and his lips were the high light of his face. Was well built not more then 5 feet 3 inches.

Avani kept on updating me that he was average in studies and good in elocutions. He played guitar and had also been elected as the class monitor. That was the time I started thinking he was way out of my league because probably he was one of the most popular guy in our batch and even though I was equally hot I never realized my worth till I graduated.

I know all the guys would love this part – after knowing that he is Mr.popular even a girl tries to take all the effort to come in his eyes and so did I. I started doing yoga and dieting (although it wasn’t needed) .

Finally the day of my heart break came after a month when avani informed me that vihaan had a girlfriend.

I was shattered by the thought of it, obviously cursed that girl but at the same time I backed out. If he has a girl I don’t wana disturb their story.

That day I asked avani to introduce me to vihaan so that atleast I could be there in his life as a friend and so she did.

The more close I got to vihaan the more I fell for him, the more I admired god’s creation. Even though boys are not termed beautiful I loved each and everything about vihaan. His lips as I have already mentioned were yumm even more better when having a closer look, his eyes were dark brown and kept me completely mesmerized in themselves, his touch was warm and smooth (I wished the handshakes never ended), his voice was like sweet melody to my ears, he had a sarcastically good sense of humour, he sung too good as well. There was nothing about him that I dint like and above all he was the 1

 guy or man in my life and my guru to teach me all double meaning talks and their meaning (even after a decade I call him GURU at times.)

1 year later

On the day of our class 7

 result I came to know that vihaan broke up with his girl I felt sad as he was sad but at the same time all my hopes got back in action.

__END__

