My love…

When life is busy, and spinning madly around. I tend to forget what you’ve done. When, I’m hastily scurrying just to finish up all my work. I seem to misremember your presence. When there are people around me, talking and laughing. I dismiss you from my mind. When I’m happy and lost in glee. I let slip from memory, the hours you hung there.

Praying for deliverance, for a way out, you knew what was coming. Your prayers cried out to heaven, but only an echo returned. You beseeched a way out, away from the hell-like agony you knew awaited you. You yelled out with burning lungs, begging to be saved! You feared the moment you knew would by no means pass. Sweating beads of blood in fear of what awaited you. You prayed to your father but his replay was nought!

And here I am, forgetting you.

All the while you approach your death I was on your thoughts. You were constantly reminding yourself. That there would be no other way for my life to be saved, than for yours to be claimed in my place. My face shifted before your blood-shot eyes as excruciating pain started dimming your vision. Those torturing you, laughed and spat in your face as thorns clawed into your head and impaled your mind. Their eyes burned with satisfaction as you kept on walking, for me. because of your love for me, you never gave up.

Yet, my eyes constantly dwells away from you.

We both knew, that you could have fought. You could have escaped your fate. But, you knew. You knew that my life would be ultimately claimed for death. That is why you held your hands out. For them to run it through with nails. You didn’t walk away from the hammer, waiting to perforate your feet. You allowed them to mutilate your body, so that your blood could flow for my freedom!

I’m free yet, I constantly forget my liberator. I forget all about you !!

My heart bleeds the way your body did, when I suddenly awaken from my sleep, as your presence reminds me! As I abruptly remember your face, your hands, your feet painted in red! How will I ever forget you? I cannot! I am unable to erase you from my thoughts! You are with me day and night, I will never leave your side!

I will abide in you, I will live by your love and remember the price paid for my freedom. When live gets busy and confusing. I seem to find peace in you. When there’s people around me laughing and talking. I constantly meditate on you..

My love, I will never let you out of my mind. I will never ban you out of my heart.

My love…

–END–

