Love Short Story – A Bunch of Lilies..!!

Love Short Story – A Bunch of Lilies..!!

I sat on the stony bench again, with flowers in my hand. My eyes searched for someone, my brain wandered away, my love longed to meet someone and my heart ached. No one came. I waited for more than an hour which seemed to take an eternity to tick away. I dropped the flowers at the usual place; over a heap of rot flowers. I turned and gave a final look; with a deep longing inside I expected to find my love back with the same smile and same love. The air was still, nothing in the vicinity moved or stirred; it was like always – drab and gloomy like my life.

I was lost in my chain of thoughts again. My brain echoed with the laughs that once filled my life when my love was new, when there were flowers always. What an irony! When everything is new it is so special and so filling. Then there were the arguments; arguments that turned into fights; fights that brought in ego; ego that manifested into hate; hate that separated us. I don’t know who was wrong then nor do I care about it anymore. Fate had punished me enough. My matrimony had deserted me.

What went wrong? Simple fights had snow balled into a massive relationship breaker. How did that happen? Why did I let that happen? Was I blinded by my excessive love or was my love too much to handle? I did not know. My eyes have gone weak and I cannot hear things anymore. My legs have become tired and my hands shivered every time I lifted the bouquet of flowers.

I walked back to my room and opened my diary. I began writing, the only thing that I hold dear to my empty heart. Writing what I wrote every time.

Dearest John,

I waited for you today at the park again. Did you forget it was our anniversary? Are you still angry on me? I know the mistake was mine but you promised to come back once I truly realized it. I have been waiting for you since 63. Do you know that? John did you marry again? I wish I could see you once and say I love you. I am sorry for all that I have done. I will wait for you again tomorrow at the park with lilies; remember you gave me those when you met me the first time.

Hoping to see you tomorrow John….

Happy Anniversary again!

Your wife (still and always)

 Lily John Parker

 14/02/1984

__END__

