To my bestfriend, my love,

Writing a letter to you wasn’t something I ever thought. Afterall in this era of mechanisation, who even cares to have a look on a mere sheet of paper. But babe, I couldn’t take more. Yes,you are right. Your baby girl is tired. Tired of this life and tired of living. I know I am your strong power girl but there has been a limit to human potential. You remember those days we used to hide near the bush in the park and used to scare those unwanted strangers who used to hinder us from playing. Gone are those days,and certainly it’s not that baby me and baby you at present.

We are grown ups and life has indeed changed. It’s not always good to be certain about something,but yeah my boy I’ve loved you and I know you love me too. You said that day right? In the forest, amidst the stars,stood me and you holding each others hearts. I thought you were joking,but now I know that you loved me and you still love me. But gone is that beautiful time,and so are you. And what remains here is a memory. But do you think that living with memories is worth the living you aspire for?

No my boy. Living without you is worthless. I dreamt of a life with me and you. Not one with me and your memories. I wish I had not been so stupid. I wish I had been mature since birth. I wish and all I can do is to wish. I wanna erase all my past deeds and run into your arms. That’s what I’ve been living for. But,you’re gone and I can’t help. But yes my sweetheart, I can surely come to you. Someone,ugh I don’t remember who,but had said that if hearts don’t meet on earth, they end up meeting in heaven. And you know,that’s what I want.

Yes,anyhow,now I’m gonna meet you. I can’t live without you and that’s all. I know you would have even slapped me if you came to know this. You wouldn’t have talked to me for your whole life and I know this. But, this is gonna be good this time. Coz I’m gonna meet you. Yeah ,finally. I’m stupid, you see. Nobody would support me. Even my mind isn’t on my side. But my heart. That’s what is compelling me to do this. I’m sorry but I love you and I’m gonna be with you soon. Yeah I’m excited.

 With love,

 Your baby girl.

Sirens were heard and there was a crowd. What happened? oh my!! Doctors said she popped the whole of the bottle of sleeping pills. Was she depressed? Was she having some illness? Nobody had an answer coz they didn’t know it for real. All they knew she died. Yeah she died. It was a suicide.

I love you; and see I’ve met you here ,my boy.

–END–

