Love Short Story – Some Hope 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Raindrops were hitting my windshield and my cold breaths had made it foggier. It was just like any other night and I was lamenting about my life inside the car just like any other night since 11

 of January. Everything was unchanged.

Never knew, tonight was an exception.

I saw a blurred image of a lady in a red dress. The same dress which I bought for her to tell her what she actually meant to me before she broke the news of her engagement. For all I remember about my heart that day that it was squashed. Squeezed and burnt.

Tonight was her engagement and she was dawdling on these wet old streets. Drunk.

My mind was as blurred as the fog had made my windows. I couldn’t think properly. Only thing I was certain about that I wanted her. I needed her. Oh God, I loved her.

But things don’t go according to your will, do they?

I came out of my car, covering my head with my hand to escape the shower. No doubt, I failed.

“Janet, is that you?”

She turned around and looked at me. She was shaking on her heels while she was walking the earth. I was right about the dress. It was my gift. After adoring her looks and how bedazzled she looked in that dress, I noticed that her left hand had the hold of an empty bottle of alcohol. She had it all. No, she was not alright. She was falling between cracks. I could easily figure that out. Everything brought me to one question: What was it?

I ran toward her to hold her. Disallowing anything to hurt her. Her eyes were partially closed but sure, she was in her senses. The little left ones.

“What’s wrong with you, Janet? Why the hell are you high?”

As I was taking hold of her, I saw a wound on one of her elbows, it was still bleeding. The rain was the helper. Seemed like it was purposely cut deep.

“Who did this to you?”

I had that stern look on my face.

“I fell …” she managed to speak.

I rolled my eyes, reminding myself that how careless she has always been about her own well-being. She never took care of herself but others. She spent too much of her time to amuse others. The only thing I hated about her.

I made her sit in the car and geared to move it to her place. I was still baffled that what it was all about. I had known her for six years and I had never seen this side of her. A moment later, I thought maybe it was love. Her marriage? It does things to people.

Every time I told myself that she had found her love and it isn’t me. Something crashes inside. Maybe the fragile walls of my heart, it breaks. It sinks and sometimes it feels like it never existed.

All the odious musings about not being with her was murdering me when she asked me to stop the car. I knew it wasn’t the place where she lived. Even then I did what she wanted me to do. Before I could ask anything about the reason of her being “this” tonight. She said

“..for you“ she completed .

__END__

