Music… a part of my everyday life, it’s a thing that makes me feel alive, energies and excites. Speaks to my heart I would say… I listen to them a lot, when I put my headsets on I will forget the outside world and dive deep in and get lost in the music..  but all these years i never had this thought of buying a musical instrument at all. Few natural thoughts and magical feelings for the past few months gave me this instinct to buy one…. First thought was on keyboard so started to check with people who already plays keyboard and I also googled some, but couldn’t find anything interesting so this eventually dragged me towards a different instrument … the Guitar.. Acoustic.

then back on track to check with people who plays guitar and really got inspired with this and saying myself “hell yea! that’s what am talking about!!”.. but I had to wait for atleast a month, wait for that one magnificent message from HDFC.. meantime.. also found some exciting facts about guitars that Roman people invented it and was not so famous till 1900 because piano seems to have occupied that place in most of the musician’s hands. And Guitar players… they are different breed of humans, cause playing it will sharpen your mind and wave your pain away, at times builds your power of brain! on the whole guitar represents freedom, peace and COOLness! Simply can’t compare other instruments..

Time and again, I go online and add it to my amazon cart.. i see the best one, and choose my favorite color, black or brown? Or both? which one will last long….will that be so costly than I thought?.. lets see…  days moved…

 Message from HDFC! Yes I got rich! .. Opened the amazon app. placed the order! Just 5 days more for the strings to vibrate…….I kept tracking the package from the moment I placed the order…finally confirmed it will be delivered today..

 Woke up with colorful dreams and was checking my messages again and again…expecting one from amazon…. And yes! They called me in the noon and enlightened me that they’ll be here in few minutes..   Goshh..its happening…. I kept walking in excitement from front door to the gate.. back and forth..

 (imagining as if am in a maternity hospital walking the same way as a man would do in front of the operation theater…

   Yes coming!! in seconds..package delivered! Amazon.in resembled AMAZING! AM IN! (Moment when the delivery guy handed over the guitar..i felt like am holding a new born baby wrapped in a pure white cotton, don’t know if that’s boy or a girl..) Let me take you inside….. placed it gently on the table… Anticipation!! face sparkling, eyes smiling….  vibration fills the air .. I need to unwrap it……slowly ( yes I can see it.. ) bit by bit…( boy or a girl?) .. it’s a baby GIRL!!! I took her in my hands.. Feeling the angel of birth… like a perfect painted portrait sketch..

I tickled her, she moaned with her beautiful voice…I’m all mesmerized by you, I’ve got no choice too.. if you see the prettiness of a new guitar you could lose your soul and regain it back, each feelings fills you full.

Started picking BETWEEN THE STRINGS…. Head down…looking at the strings that I have to strum, nodding to the every note that I pressed and strum them in the rhythm while I sing.. unheard melody..sail along my tunes, fly to an unknown land……

Let my fingertips hurt and give me the best kind of pain… let me lock my heart on you and threw the key away….. My first song is dedicated to her who I love to play my guitar for….. 

(guys those who really needs Moral : Give your heart to music and it will never break it )

–END–

