Arnav’s attention was caught by the sudden activities in the abondened ground near by his house. He was returning from his school with his friends when he noticed that there are several trucks parked in that ground. Along with his friends he went to the spot out of curiosity.

Some people were there busy in unloading the stuffs from the trucks and arranging them. They were from the north -east part of the country perhaps, who visit plain in winters to sell warm clothes. Arnav was standing there when his eyes meet with a girl of his age or may be slightly elder. That moment Arnav realised that the descriptions of angelic eyes in the poems of his course are not corpse imagination. Gathering his courage he smiled at her and in return got a friendly smile.

Next morning Arnav’s feet took him to that ground instead of school.The reason was unknown to himself even. The market was all set like a newly wed bride,warm clothes hanging in the shops,boards and hordings all at their place. With little effort he managed to spot the girl with angelic eyes. She was sitting on a bench alone, quietly looking at the shops,god knows what. After wandering here and there around her for a while,Arnav at last managed to have a eye contact with her. Grabbing this opportunity he smiled nervously and in return got that same friendly smile. He asked for the permission to seat besides her with his eyes which she accepted by adjusting herself a little bit. . He cleared his throat and after much thinking uttered at last-“Myself Arnav.”

“Kimmi”- so the angel has a name…for him it was a good start and then the train of conversation started jingling which stops only when Kimmi’s mother called for her.Only after she was gone Arnav realised that he was already too late for school and therefore decided to stay at the market only. Sitting there,thinking about Kimmi. Kimmi was the youngest child of her family, she had never been to school because she has to travel with her family. Although time and destiny has burdened her shoulders with responsbilities at very early age but still she has that innocence in her which anyone would expect from a girl of her age.

“Hey, you are still here…Your school? ”

A sudden voice catches his attention. Kimmi was here again and by the time he managed to came out of his thoughts she had made herself comfortable besides him. He took out his lunchbox and they feast together. It became the daily routine, every morning he would come to market,spend his whole day with Kimmi and back to home. Everything was good but soon his happiness was brutally attacked by his mother when she came to know about his trick of leaving home for school and vanishing in between. Now he was accompanied by his mother on his way to school.

Arnav was very upset with this mishap in his budding friendship or whatever it was with Kimmi. Anyhow he managed to meet her in evenings sacrificing his play time. Kimmi however didn’t seemed to be much affected by these incidents.

Seeing the water going above the head Arnav confessed to her one day

 -“Kimmi I don’t know what you feel about me, what you think of me but let me tell you you have became an important part of my life. ”

Kimmi looked at him for a moment, got up and leave without saying a single word even. Next day when Arnav was returning from school that ground appeared deserted to him. He reached there and was shocked to see shops gone. People and stuffs were getting on the vechiles,ready to go. Arnav had not thought of this. He was prepared for a slap after his confession or a hug but this… this was unexpected,something Arnav didn’t thought of. He was standing there trying to analyse everything when his eyes meet with her. Kimmi was walking to van with her eyes glued to him. They were saying something… something he didn’t understand but for sure it was not anger. She sat in van,the got ignited and the van hurreled leaving behind the clouds of dust. Arnav stood there watching her vanishing with tears in his eyes.

They say Arnav was a school boy then and will forget her with time but I don’t think so because those angelic eyes still says a lot to me.

–END–

