Love Short Story – Lovely Days

College days…..

.someone called didi…didi…(sister)…

Who is that….

One smart , handsome boy, wearing nice jacket and hat calling me for some help. He is a junior…afraid of ragging, want to go back home. I sat with him for sometime in library.. heard him quietly. He was sad, sad for not getting his dream college. He wanted to be computer engineer but during his exam time, he suffered from illness. Couldn’t write the exam, so he decided not to waste his year joined the college. First r time away from family in the world of darkness where he could only see his shattered dream. I dint have words to  save his dream. I told him its not the end of the life…its called as turning point. May be you would find  new dream or might be this is the only path to catch your dream.

No wonder..my words touched him and his innocence touched me. We started sharing our thought….our plans, our future and something which is unknown to both of us. He prepared his timeline, shared with me. All things were in place…going smoothly. Time started flying and I went my home  during summer vacation.

After long time, meeting my family but something is missing in me. I am not able to share all of the thing  with my family and I realized his presence in my life. I started waiting for the return day…eagerly. Striking dates from my calendar and finally I was back. Rushed to college to meet my hero…caught him waiting for me in library. Seemed completely filmy but he was waiting and before I would say something, he started telling me that he was in love, love that he never felt for any girl. Before I uttered a single word, he asked me for help to convey his love to that girl. I know its completely filmy now but the truth that I had to face.

I agreed thinking about the line I told him a year ago….its called the turning point. Now I started coming out of my dream land to real life, thought about the age, community and society, consoled myself that might be we are not perfect match. Still we spent time together, talking about the girl whom he wanted to marry.

One day he asked me about my dream boy and I told his name…not because I wanted to but I could not lie to him. He left me there asking me are you serious…yes I am. Few days passed he dint come to meet me. I thought I lost my friend…I cursed myself of telling him truth…Asked everyone about him…Looked for him in college.

Suddenly he appeared and told me that someone wanted to meet me. I was shocked….he told me to sit in Auto and I did and we reached one temple. He told me that he loves me..it took time to realize but he really mean it.

Yes….We are in love.

__END__

