Love Short Story – Lost and found – 1

Photo credit: 

 from 

Harshita was a simple girl from a well to do family and she knew ritesh right from her childhood days till now. Both their families knew very well that Harshita and ritesh are made for each other, even Harshita loved him she knew he was the one for her.

Harshita and her gang of friends were sitting under a tree and was discussing about their upcoming college intercultural fest but Harshita was dancing with ritesh her friend threw an note at her that is when Harshita came to her senses and sat down all her friends started laughing.

“You were dancing with ritesh right” said one of her friends.

“ya ya in her dream” added another one and all started laughing even she was smiling actually blushing hearing the name of ritesh. She knew she loved him even before she knew the meaning of love . Ramesh the head of cultural fest came forward and asked the girls to give name for the dance competition but nobody was interested has they have decided to become audience and enjoy the cultural program.

Cultural day

There was a large number of students gathered at the MG management Institute which was famous for its cultural fest. Harshita and her gang were hanging out at the canteen and checking out new guys but Harshita was as usual lost in her own world. She suddenly saw something which made her jealous.  Ritesh was talking to a new girl. She obviously did not like it, she immediately rushed towards the direction and took ritesh far away from the place leaving the girl surprised.

“enough is enough harshu, why are you behaving like my girlfriend? Even if I had girlfriend she would not have restricted me from talking to girls”

Harshita was fuming with anger while ritesh demanded her an answer “because I love you” she could not believe what she had said she wanted to say this but she was unable now when she had finally confessed but ritesh was confused “am serious” said Harshita slowly.

He immediately walked away from there after a few seconds he turned back and said what she did not want to hear “but I do not love you, am sorry” saying this he left the place.

Will Harshita be able to forget him or will she wait for him…..

***

 

