Love Short Story – A letter to Lara

Photo credit: 

 from 

I still love you. Every moment without you, I feel like dying, but see I survived loneliness  for almost 3 years. How could you leave me without saying anything? What did I do to deserve this from you?

I have given you everything. all you need, all you wanted and all my love. But it was not enough for you. What could be the reason behind this heartache? I selflessly love you that I forgot myself. I love you more than anything in this world. My world fell apart when you left me. I got numb. I feel cheated. I lost my life.

The look  in your face on that day made me weak. The fear of losing you suddenly enveloped my heart. Please tell me everything is okay so I set aside my anxieties I know you love me. And everything’s  gonna be okay, I talked about our future together. Our soon to be kids. Lots of them! It could  be so happy spending my day and night with you, just the two of us alone..Coz nothing matters anymore..only us. I dream to be a pilot And thank God, I made it with excellence. But the day I got ready to take my first flight, There I met you.. It was the happiest day of my life.

Being a pilot is a very tough job. I cannot be around all the time, so instead of pursuing my first love, I decided to give it up and ;look for another job.I may not be so happy about it but it’s okay, because  it’s you whom I choose to be with forever. Being here all the time, right next to you, that’s how much you mean to me. But to my surprise you seem not to care about anything, I  got no answer , nor words from you. Your silence is killing me.

On the next day, you vanish..How could you do this to me? Leaving me as if nothing happens between you and me? What about our dreams together? I looked up on the sky. Is this the prize I must pay for giving up my dreams just to be with you? To be left alone without any explanation? God..I felt the sharp pain, cutting me over and over again. i could not breath. My tears fall. Please I must wake up. i know this was just a dream. You cannot do this to me.  You cannot leave me. How could you do this to me. I GAVE YOU MY LIFE..

Today, Beneath all my success, I still wish to share it with you. Leaving me maybe the most painful experience I ever had. It was also my driving force to achieve my goal. And thank God, I did it. Thanks to you. Thanks to the pain that made me stronger. You made me tough. And because of you I met her. The woman who has given me hopes and inspires me everyday to continue my life without you. The woman who will never ever leaves me alone no matter what happens. the woman who stays with me despite everything I have gone through..And the woman whom I will share my life with.

 

“Harry”

__END__

