Love Short Story – The Last Kiss!!

Love Short Story – The Last Kiss!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dawn was yet to break in. And he was still wide awake!! Tired… Distraught… weakened…

Theirs was an unusually unusual story… I am not sure to call it a LOVE STORY though!! For the LOVE was never missing, but had they realized it, would have done wonders.

Delhi was destiny!! And rest of it just happened.

A quick recap – He was doing well, new job, new place, and new house. She joined soon after he did. Met at a common friend’s place and IT started. The frequent Siri Fort Audi plays, the late night Pandara Road visits, the chats at Delhi Haat, and the list just never ended!!

On a cold chilly winter night, when the better world was deep down snoring, when some of them was getting comfy in their respective couches… oiyya, that was mean,, the place looked awesome from the AIIMS flyover. South Delhi had its charm and that played cupid!! HE took HER hand in his and said, “

”

Clichéd, she thought!! But there was this guy, whom she barely knew for some 235 days, whom she shared a few coffees with, who, right there, knew she was there for just 432 days more, who knew she had MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS!!

All for good probably, with a stern face she said it, 

!!

And they never discussed it again… Never did he give a second thought, neither did she!!  For he knew that the NO had a strong hidden 

,,, the rest of it followed suit!!

They got married the following day, parents came in a hurry, tried to convince him to reconsider. All he said, 

Days passed, months went by, with each ticking clock, She was going away. He wanted the time to stop but couldn’t.  For he thought, love would do wonders and it did!! She still responded to his calls,,, she still remembered how beautiful she was to him,,, she still LOVED!!

And once again he took her to the flyover,,, the place where it all started,,, and he cried!! 

And it happened… The last kiss!!

She left the following night peacefully in her sleep!! The night had started!!

 

—- END —–

