On a lovely evening, he forgot the worries of the past and was getting ready for the sweet dreams of the future. The torment rays of the setting sun remind him of his past. He was leading a life with lots of hope and courage which always makes him happy in adverse situations and tiring days. But he always had the excuse of having evenings or hanging out with his friends or loved ones because he likes his own company. He loves to be alone at times.

Days passed, Nights passed. Everything in his monotonous life seems to be immoral. He used to ask himself “Strange world, Isn’t it?” But he gets the same reply always from inside “World is the same, but you are strange.”

Few days passed, Now this strange world has something in new for him in its pocket, which is not only special but a wonderful gift in the form of a charming, sensuous and graceful lady whose radiance can lit his whole life. The gift he got was not only alluring but completely worthwhile of his presence and fidelity.

He thought it could be virtual but it becomes real. He was happy. He was overwhelmed with happiness. He was curious. He was eccentric. He did not know what to do and what not so he went with the flow. He was absorbed by the essence of the lady that this world has given him by spreading its arm. It is not strange anymore. And now the amorous feeling started growing.

“How can an unorthodox, outlandish, free spirit individual can fall in love?” “Is it really love”, he enquired. But he gets no answer. The feeling started growing and growing. Gradually, it got increased by every second of life.

Her presence always cherishes his days, his nights. Her odour makes him vulnerable. Her eyes make him drowsy. She is neither a normal person nor a trendsetter but a special one for whom he waited for long.

And today standing at the virtue of his character, he thinks himself lucky that he has got his love which is as pure as the purest of his living heart whose every byte beats for her.

And now he wants to address her with a statement which can be very common but for him, it is the statement which is as deep as the ocean, as wide as the sky and as pure as Holy Bible.

” I LOVE YOU.”

–END–

