Love Short Story – The unexpected

College life as people say is the best life for everyone.. so was for me …i loved the post graduation life of mine , hanging out with friends , studying ,tensions of exams and the summer vacations were used to be really fun. But the hard part was still left ” Marriage ” so here I am sitting on the bed in room of  entirely unknown person to whom i got married yesterday.

Rajat is somewhat like a stranger because before marriage i never tried to talk to him  even he gifted me a phone but i never used , although i used it to talk to my friends but not to him . Strangely He quite understood my nature in only three months and never complained about it . I really hated those silly talks of love that couple do just after engagement and according to me this is becoming a new ritual in India .i mean how people fall in love with someone whom you recently met . I may sound little unromantic but that’s how i was ,different from normal girls, also short tempered with a lot of pride for myself .

Suddenly door opened and bhabhi ( sister-in-law) came inside.she started giving me instruction about how should i behave with Rajat for that night . I just listened and ignored at the same time because according to me both should respect feelings of each other, i am not his servant.

After bhabhi was gone , i was alone in the bedroom checking everything of the room ..i stood in front of the mirror and couldn’t stop to admire myself  as i was looking beautiful and elegant. While i was checking out myself  in front of mirror Rajat entered . Frankly speaking he was looking  something in that kurta -pajama …OK…… lets say he was looking handsome , i admit . He looked at me and then smiled  and  closed the door from inside. It got butterflied in my stomach , he came closer and closer to me , it really took my breath away …he took my hand in his hand ..i was resisting a little but couldn’t continue it , I was not making eye contact with him as if he was a hypnotist , he put his forehead touching mine and said ” anjali I want to say something  …I…” he was leaning in to my face meanwhile kept his hand to my waist ..this really evoked my alarm system and i  got away a little .Rajat looked at my sudden reaction and i thought now he is going to force me ..but unexpectedly he said we should sit on bed . i was surprised but agreed as there was no harm in this. so i rested my alert system for a while.

Rajat taking my hand and looking into my eyes said ” i know anjali it is quite difficult for you leaving your parents and coming all the way with me .It really meant to me .I respect your feelings . we have to start our new life from tonight and i will never ever do anything that will  hurt you . Looking at you making me feel how lucky i am that i have got such a beautiful , intelligent life partner…”

He was going on saying these words and i was lost and somewhere i was thinking that this is really unexpected how wonderful my first night with him was going  ..no lust in it at all.

so night goes on while we kept on chatting about each others likes and dislikes and it turns out that rajat was a really nice person to have as a husband .

i woke up early the next day as i was instructed ..waking up beside a man is really a different feeling. but i was happy as i was not forced to have physical relation on my night as in most cases. This was the first time i was loving some what my marriage. i bathed and wore a yellow saree , i watched rajat sleeping . he was looking really cute ,and was no more a stranger after 12 hours of chit chatting  with each other which revealed much of his life to me and mine to him.

As i was ready after doing little makeup ,there was a call from bhabhi outside the door for puja but rajat was not ready so i told her that he was still sleeping ..bhabhi told me to wake him up as it was getting late for puja. I woke up rajat and told him to get ready as early as possible. we went for puja and then were told to get some rest in our room.

i locked the room and as i was going to sleep rajat held me in his strong arms gently , i got embarrassed and tried to get away but couldn’t . he came nearer to my ears and whispered ” you are looking so beautiful today , i am sorry but its hard not to love you”. i was nervous thinking what is he going to do ..though i was liking it but did not wanted things to go further . suddenly he left me from his arms realizing something and said that i should get some rest.

bhabhi came to my room in the evening after all relatives were gone. she asked me about how was my first night . i thought what should i tell her so i just told her that it was nice . However she suspected that nothing happened between us yet and she said that i should not be shy as he is  my husband and he could get pissed off . I was little worried don’t know why .

After that i decided that i will talk to him on this matter and did the same.He laughed at it like anything …he kissed me at fore head & said ” you are a girl and being a girl its OK to be shy and i understand . i want to love you with your acceptance not just because of any silly ritual, What kind of husband would i be if i don’t even respect your feelings ”

“so can i say that i and you will not make any relation until i feel , so it could you know take at-least one month for me to get comfortable ” I said reluctantly.

“hmm i agree by the way kisses are included in it or not ..just asking ” rajat said

I was smiling and somehow he realized it was a yes and he leaned in and kissed me ….

__END__

