Love Short Story – Fallen for the fallen

Photo credit: 

 from 

They say that there is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.

It was incredibly cliché for me until I met her. She was my friend for long.

I fell in love with her the moment I started spending time with her, it just took a while to realise. But when I realized …

it was too late.

It was a late winter night, when my phone rang up. I was awake of course, in her dreams. Inside my covers. Imagining them to be her arms.

I first agreed to ignore the call but then …

I turned to the other side of my bed to check my vibrating phone. Lazily twisted and struggled to get to the phone. It was her.

Her name was displaying on my phone. No questions. No thoughts. My heart fumbled a beat and I picked up.

“ Are you awake ?” she said weeping

“ Yea but what’s wrong ?” I interrogated in a tensed tone

She took heavy breaths but didn’t answer . I waited for her to come at ease . A moment .

And then she spoke “ Can we meet now at the graveyard?”

Graveyard ? Something to give a thought to but I didn’t . Not for a second . I immediately hung up and walked down the streets in my pyjamas . Reached the graveyard and there she was lying in front of a grey rectangular stone which read Greg Mchany .

She looked helpless for the first time. I wouldn’t say she was the prettiest of breathing souls or she had the most charming smile but yes, Her looks were enough to skip my heartbeat. Her smile was enough to change my world into paradise.

Her pulchritude lied in the way she pushed the words out of her mouth and pulled people into her eyes. I was one of them. The strongest pull. Ever.

But when she lying there. My heart cried for she was my most wanted flower . I went to her and she turned and hugged me tight .Her chin was tightly hooked to my shoulders . I could feel her each and every breath . I could feel her lips so close to my neck . I went extremely elated but at the same time worried about the reason for her tears . I buried my head into her opened hair and smelled them . I smelled the scent of her hair . Spellbinding to behold . I kissed them lightly without letting her notice . I wanted to hold that moment still . I wanted to freeze the world .

“ What happened ?”

“ He’s no more”

Those words out and again the streams of tears. Again and again she would wipe her cheeks and they would come out again to warm up her gentle cheeks .

“ Sally , who’s no more ?” I asked puzzled.

“Him whom I ‘ve never spoken of . With whom, I’d always wanted to grow old. Who borrowed my heart and never returned back. For whom I’ve been waiting for so long”

Again , the repeated action .

A stone was thrown into my window . It shattered into pieces . Pieces, which could never build up the same window .

 My heart . It was broken . Into million pieces .

The girl , who was my world was waiting to enter someone else’s . The girl whom I’d plan to give my love had a hollow chest . For it was always for him . The other guy .

I was thunderstruck. Even if I would have said anything, it wouldn’t mean anything to her because they were from me, not him . I stayed quiet and swallowed up all my grief and decided to swallow hers too. For. I still desired her. I placed her face to my chest and rubbed her eyes.

As I rubbed them, I saw how many hopes she had carried for the guy and a bag of dreams for both of them. Remorse, caught me .

I’d fallen for the fallen.

We stayed there the whole night . It started to snow and the wind started to blow . The grey skies . The deserted feeling. It all bounded me . Though she was near but she wasn’t with me at that moment . She was in the memories of the other guy who left her alone in the dark .

Feeling her cold lips to my chest, I still stayed there with her for I still loved her .

__END__

