Love Short Story – HARMONY IN LOVE ! 

Photo credit: 

 from 

He was on the verge of dying. Thoughts flooded his mind and eyes got filled with tears of remorse. He had lost Julianne.

After five years of courtship they had exchanged vows and taken the wedding pledge. The early years of being together were very beautiful and exciting. The waves of life started becoming turbulent as the real struggle of survival started. Patience took a backseat and the storms of living disturbed the peace. The raging tides made him arrogant and cynic. He lost his vision of discovering the love in Julianne’s eyes.

“Few flowers plucked from the garden of love

I bring for you O! my love,

Fragrance of which shall fill your heart

With years and years to come!”

 

His song of Richard always echoed in her ears when she stood lonely at the door of their cottage awaiting his arrival through long nights and days! She remained alone, with her thoughts in the lost paradise.

A paradise,which they had dreamt of to be bedecked with their love and for which they had fought against the laws of humans, of caste and religion.

She had been a staunch follower of another religion and had never thought of embracing any other path of seeking God.

But destiny had its own predicament and she fell in love with Richard. What was it that made her so vulnerable when he was near, she had thought?

Is it his dynamic presence or his pleasing personality, his gentle voice or the deep innocent eyes?

No, it was his sincere affection and care that had drawn her near and today she stands beside him but the reason of being them together had vanished. Days of loneliness turned her silent, instead her eyes spoke of the existing sadness. But she continued living her life as a mute spectator till the last ,for her soul was with his love.

The smile that inspired and motivated Richard to move forth in life had beneath a sense of void.

In the last stage of their lives, she left abode with a heavenly smile. He kept gazing at her serene body still glowing like an ember in the sky.

His death meanwhile danced in front of his eyes!

“Two Flowers of Life

Dance in a rhythm of love and strife

Harmony is needed.”

 

The eternal song of love played again its music!

 __END__

