ROCKSTAR REBORN

A boy named Varock born in poor family is the eldest son followed by his 2 brothers and 1 sister. His parents are not well educated however they gave all the love and support for family. Varock, however was not happy with he lead his life, he was almost happy himself in his own thoughts without caring about his family members. Varock’s father always use to guide him to get well educated and take care of family, but Varock was never caring about it. One day on the same topic Varock turned violent and left the home without knowing where to go and what he was doing. Walking away from home, he reached top of a hill, covered nearby forest and highways. He finds a lustrous tree where he drops to sleep beneath.

On the other side his family members look worried about him and pray to god he come back home safely. Meanwhile, Varock’s father lost all his savings and property by their siblings who made use of his innocence. This family had a bad time. The father thought unhealthy, still doing few jobs in order to get some earnings. He made his remaining children graduated. On the other side, Varock’ mother was losing hope and praying to God on his son return. The mother was worried that she is not able to feed their children and day by day they all were facing health issues and starving.

Days pass on, Varock reaches highway where someone help him to drop inside city. Varock agrees with the help and reached a place next to his city. He finds one of his school friend Umesh and explained him all that happened. Umesh at that point realises that Varock is disturbed and violent in heart.  Varock goes along with Umesh and stays in his room. Umesh recalls his school days where Varock had immense talent in music, writing own lyrics and tune, also he was awesome dancer. He also recalls that Varock said he is great fan of Michael Jackson and wants to be like him. Umesh has just joined a dance academy where he thinks of joining Varock for his dreams come true.

He awaits till morning to make him happy by telling this goodnews. Next day morning, Varock gets ready and leaves the room without saying Umesh. However, before he goes out of that street Umesh catches him and ask why he did so. Varock doesn’t know what to say because he was mentally disturbed and not aware what he was doing. But then Umesh tells the goodnews to Varock and leaves him with a hope in mind. Varock thinks for a minute and agrees to his great help. Next day, Umesh takes Varock to his dance academy and introduces his master. The master understands his situation and agrees to teach him dance for free. A year pass on where Varock learns complete dance forms and also Umesh’s advice to change his attitude. Now Varock see himself as a different person compared to the day he left home.

Varock thanks Jesus and trust himself that god lives within and it is not good to be violent and hurt people or feelings. He feels happiness and gets involved more with friends in roaming around the country and enjoying his time. One day Umesh reminds Varock about his dreams and why he helped to learn dance. He offers Varock to participate in the great world tour concert on his behalf so he can faster dreams. Varock prepare himself to face new challenge and practices more for the DAY.

Meanwhile, he falls in love with a girl who stays nearby and likes him too. One day they meet near river and express their feelings. Varock sees a kind of true love in her and promises her to marry. Like most of lovers, they meet, go for movies, shopping and texting whole night. Until that everything was going well but then one day Varock hears a shocking news that Umesh has died in accident that happened just couple of hours ago. Varock goes mad, arrogant, frustrated, he runs to hospital and see Umesh last time, he hugs Umesh body and cry like a baby. He sees Umesh family and friends crying along. He is unable to believe what just happened. He enquires doctor what happened to Umesh, where he shocks again to know that Umesh met with accident in a highway and was alive almost a hour but no one came for rescue. Varock feels very hated and disappointed about himself as he couldn’t save his friend who gave him new life.

Varock leaves his friends room and goes on walking into forest. Suddenly he realizes about his girlfriend and goes back to meet her. His girlfriend Jasmine rejects him by saying he was waste and dependent on friend money. Varock gets hit by her attitude and loses all the hopes. He then thinks about his family and decides to go back with shameful eyes.

Next day he enters his home and gets another shock to see how his family members have become lean and pale, starving, coughing, and looking for a miracle. He first sees his mother to ask why and what happened to everyone. His mother hugs him with loud cry and tells all they faced the loses during these 2 years. Varock clashes sits down and silent for a moment. He realized his mistake and promised everyone that he would take care from today. He joined a hotel as servant during day and evening as a goldsmith. He started earning fair money to take care of his family members for basic needs.

Varock forgets about his dreams and continue his life by working in hotel and shop. One day, he finds a online chatting app and joins to find friends. He finds it good and lots of good friends where he use to forget his problems by happily chatting. On a fine day, he chats with a American girl and feel she is very friendly. Varock by that time was on a unknown form of life, he starts flirting with girls online but not in real life. In real life he was always in search of true love that never fails and never leaves him alone. Time goes on he proposed that American girl who in turn expressed that she loves him too. Varock was sure that she is aware that he is just flirting. But he also realized that she loves him truly. She supports him in whatever he is happy with doing, actually she was gradually changing him and his attitude to become a good person. Though Varock was realising it he refuses to accept it.

Varock was going on with his normal life, suddenly one day he gets a call from his neighborhood girl Huma. He feels surprised to get a call from Huma who never spoke to her. Huma called him up to say she has fallen in love with him. He laughs at himself and gets confused to see whats going on in his life. He agrees to meet her near bridge on her birthday. They meet up that evening and Huma hugs him with happiness. Varock though confused he just wish her for birthday. She asks a liplock kiss as a gift and Varock agrees. They sit down behind a old house and prepare to kiss. When Varock is about to kiss her, he suddenly gets the image of that American girl who loves her unconditionally. He refused to kiss Huma and apologize her by saying he loves that American girl. He leaves the place immediately leaving Huma alone. He reached home, immediately login to that online chatting app and looks for that American girl. He awaits her to come online and suddenly when he found her he confessed about whatever happened. He was happy to see her accepting his mistake and in turn giving him more love. He then realized she is his true love he was looking for whole life. He then becomes serious about her and ask her for a video chat. She agrees and when they have video chat, that American girl is happily crying whereas Varock sees her as an Angel. He takes her seriously and changed himself gradually.

Suddenly she disappeared from chat and social media site. He was madly looking and searching for her all day and night. After a tired full day, when Varock drops to sleep in the night, sleeping he feels something came and hug him, he wakes up in that shock and suddenly he received video call from that American girl’s brother who says she passed away in accident. He realizes that it was that American girl’s soul that came to hug him to say goodbye. Varock goes arrogant, mentally disturbed and loses himself like before. He roams around the empty road in the midnight and cry like a mad person. He will be finding for a person to express whatever he was feeling but he can find himself alone. He leaves everything for few days and recovers himself. He boost up his mind by thinking this is his fate.

After few days he again login to that online account and finds a girl with her account name Dreamygal who chat in a very good and matured manner. As time goes he feels Dreamygal is just like that American girl and his mother who love and care unconditionally. He feels true love in this girl but he refuses to accept when he recall all that happened in his life. He stays away from Dreamygal. But gradually he realized that Dreamygal has some special feeling on him. They both became good friends, exchanged their numbers and one day Varock says everything to that Dreamygal about his past. Surprisingly, Dreamygal had also gone through similar pain like Varock. Unknowingly, they have strong feelings on each other and afraid of expressing it with a thought that they may lose each other.

–END–

To know more about what happened next, please wait for Rockstar Reborn 2.

Thanks for reading and sharing.

DEEVA JINGLES.

