LLC02: Love Letter after Decades

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

I sat beside the window looking aimlessly at the trees down the street. Suddenly my grandmother coughed. I hurriedly handed her a glass of water and sat beside her and asked “How are you feeling now?”

She replied “Wonderful, as always”.

My grandmother was down with high fever for the last two weeks and the doctor had warned us that if she didn’t showed any signs of getting better. I was too weak to accept the face,i loved her a lot. We were like friends. She even referred to me as her ‘alter ego’ and i was proud to be one.

I said,”Its a beautiful day. Lets talk about something.” I carelessly said”Tell me about your first love grandma!”

It was then that the smile on her face grew wider and her face shone resplendently. She replied “You will be amused to hear it was not certainly your grandfather” and we giggled.

But that afternoon i had to leave for Chicago to attend an important conference ,so i told my grandmother that i would hear her story when i return back after three days. It was quite painful for me to leave her but i was compelled my office.

I returned after two days only to find that my grandma’s condition was critical and she would soon breath her last. I sat beside all day. In the evening she collected her strength and said”Dear, I have something to tell you which i haven’t yet told anyone,you said you wanted to hear me love story,it is there in my bag above the shelf”.

As she said i went to the shelf  and searched in the bag. There was an envelope with a name on it ‘Aakash’. I hurried to grandma to confirm if it was the one she was telling about . She smiled and said ,”Yes”. She told me to open the envelope and read it aloud to her.

I opened it. The condition of the paper showed that the letter was written a long time back. I started to read.

 

And thus the letter came to an end

I looked at my grandma,she was smiling like a child.I too smiled and said”Oh my god you are blushing grandma”.

And we both burst into peels of laughter. That evening she told me how she wanted to give that letter to him but the could never meet. She completely lost contacts with him . It was the most painful period of her life but she had to accept the truth. soon she was married to grandpa and in the face of so much responsibilities given to her she started to loose memories of her first love and let them go. She said,”I wanted to forget him but i guess i forgot to do so”.

We were chatting garrulously when suddenly someone knocked at the door. I opened the door,it was the doctor. after the routine check up,he said”Your grandma is trying to keep well and she would recover soon.” I replied,”love heals all wounds and in mu grandma’s case its even curing her fever.”

The doctor left quite perplexed by hat he had heard,but i knew grandma still held the memories of her first love quite afresh and it still gave her joy to remember him.I was totally spellbound while reading her story and wished things would have been different then.

Days passed by and she revealed more to me of her teenage days.the things he said to her,the special moments,all memories were still fresh in her mind.

One day my grandmother felt uneasy and began to gasp for air,I was afraid that time and didn’t knew what to do. I called upon the doctor but he didn’t receive. I ran outside the house to ask for help from my neighbors. Suddenly an old man emerged from behind the fence near my house and asked me what had happened,i narrated hem. At once he called upon another doctor while advising me to be with my grandma. I ran to my house to be with her. She was growing restless and was having problem in breathing.Soon the old man arrived with a doctor . He gave her an injection and she felt fast asleep. I turned around to thank the old man for his help and was perplexed to see him in tears. i said”You don’t need to worry sir,she will soon be fine and thanks for your help”.

Then he asked”Is you grandmother’s name Puja?”

I replied surprisingly,”Yes! But how did you know?”

To my amazement he replied,”She is my first love.I recognized her at the very first sight. I couldn’t tell me feelings to her. I was always afraid of  losing  her friendship.”

He told me the whole story of how they had met and the day they had talked for the first time. I smiled on hearing his tale. He was surprised and asked me why was i smiling.

I said,”I already know your story. The difference is that previously i knew only my grandma’s side but now i know your’s too”.

He couldn’t beleive my words,and it was then that i showed him the love letter she had written to him long ago which remained undelivered. He smiled with tears rolling down his cheeks and said to me to wait for a minute.

He went and when he returned he had a bunch of letters.He showed me all. The first letter was written one month after he had met grandma,he too was in love with her but couldn’t gather the courage to even give her the letter he had written. Few minutes later grandma became conscious. She asked for me.

I went to her and said”We have a new neighbor here. He helped me to call a doctor for you and he wants to meet u”.

My grandmother nodded . I called him. One look at him and my grandma soon realized who he was and burst into tears.Then she recollected herself to confirm if it was he and if he could remember her.

He said,”I will let my letters speak for me this time”, and handed her the letters.

She read them all and was happy like a child. He told him how he too had feelings but  could never tell her.

I was happy that my grandma had finally found her love. she said”I am so thankful to God for giving me this moment of love. Atleast i would have my last wish fulfilled”.

That evening  my grandma rested in his arms and said”I love you aakash” and he replied “I love you too”.

She smiled and glanced at him,”I found you happy in my dreams and always wished that if  that way i would see you happy i always wished i would close my eyes for ever”,Saying this she closed her eyes and he embraced her. But after the she lay there still and we soon realized she had left us for her heavenly abode.

But i was happy that atleast my grandma had her wish fulfilled..”She died in the arms of her love..the thing she always wished too!”

Aakash too was silent and i knew it was a tough time for him. He too had a family of his own living abroad and his wife had died 10 yrs back.the same year my grandpa did. Both had the same story. The really had a love story.

__END__

