Love Short Story – That girl

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was 16/11/2013 saturday 4:30 PM when i first met her.

That was the first time I felt my heart beat rising after seeing someone. Something inside me told that she was made for me. I send her a friend request in facebook a few days later and after a week i talked with her for the first time. We read together at a study centre for medical entrance. We used to sit together and all the time i kept on looking at her thinking that god made her by his own hands and i felt so happy to have someone like her in my life. When it was time to go home i used to get annoyed because i never wanted to leave her.

We started talking with each other and we became good frnds. After we exchanged our contact numbers and the more i talk to her the more i fell in love with her. My frnds told me that she already had a boyfriend but i was way in love with her to listen to any of them. She used to tell me to study for the exams so that i could help her in the exams and the only reason i prepared for exams was she.

I used to take chocolates for her whenever i meet her. I agreed to whatever she said. For the first time in my life i felt that someone was there who cared about me. I even went to her home a few times but i never could make the courage to go inside so i used to call her outside her home and i kept looking at her because every time i looked at her i fell in love with her again and again.

But well my sweet days didnt last for long. On 25/01/2014 she told me that she considers me only as a friend and she was happy considering me only a friend. It hurt really bad at first. I could not sleep the whole night but there was nothing i could do about it. She loved her boyfriend like anything so i guess i will be a good friend for her and with whatever she is happy i am happy with that.

I loved her like anything but when you love someone you don’t think abt yourself but you think about the person you love and i hope whatever it turns out to be at the end will be good for both of us. But i only wish and hope she is always there in my whole life till my last breath. And no matter how much time goes by, i will always have feelings for her. Now we are just friends but still when ever i see her whenever i talk to her, i feel like time near me has stopped by her words. She is a real angel. My brother used to say me that i never did something right in my whole life but i dont know why but i feel that the only thing i did right in my whole life is that i loved her.

__END__

