Love Breakup Short Story – Me and her…

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Love… Isn’t it a joke nowadays.. Yes, at least for me it is. Here I am with few flicks of my life. Lovers must read this one..

Few years ago…College..Friends..Addiction or love still confused..Whatever it was but the best time of my life. It was me who was addicted to her..It was me who was dying  to listen her voice always. Whenever she called my name in her beautiful voice, it was falling me for her more and more.. It was just like we are made for each other. A couple with lot of love and trust. A couple with so many blessings and dreams. A couple with so many future plannings.

She was a friend. She was a meaning of love and trust for me. She was a symbol of respect for me. She was damn crazy for me. She was finding herself empty without me always and I was trying to be with her whenever possible.  Spending time with her was my hobby. Listening her was my interest. Making her smile was my habit. Maybe she was also feeling same for me. I never imagined my life without her. Yes, it is true. I worshiped her and yes, she was in my arms. I can still feel her eyes staring at me. I can still feel her voice calling me. I can still feel her presence in my arms.  In her arms,I imagined my heaven. Was it a heaven really?? If it was, why I am feeling a presence of hell now??

Yes, she is not with me now. Few arguments.. Some misunderstandings…Some issues related with caste and family… Were they enough to break the relation of five years?? We were also not interested to go against parents but at least once she could say that we will wait for each other.. She had accepted that we were made for each other at that time but now why are we separated?? It is just because with time this drug stop working..

At first we try think about each other but slowly we try to live independent. So making and breaking relations is a mostly played game nowadays. Everyone is busy. Everything is virtual now.. Friendship, love, care, blessings and everything you will find virtually.. How can you love and believe someone in this virtual world?? One day she was yours and other day you will find her with someone else but still people find love in it. Meaning of love is lost somewhere and you will find them in books and films only. If really one is saying that I love you, it is the most fake thing ever said.

Once think about the ethics of love and if really someone easy following these ethics, I will believe love is there in this world but I know I will never get chance to believe all this. I have just written overview of my future stories through this small story.. You will find some funny, some romantic and so many things in my future stories. Kindly keep reading and keep enjoying..Thank you..

__END__

