Love Story – Somewhere Beyond The Horizon

Photo credit: 

 from 

He stands there at the edge of the cliff. Reminiscing the moments he had with his wife. Going through all the memories that still seem so vivid to him as if it all happened yesterday. It’s been four years since he married Yashika. The love of his life. And this is where he proposed to her on Valentine’s Day. In front of the summer hill. There is this place in Shimla at the Kufri-Chail road from where one can see the exquisite view of summer hill. It’s a popular tourist spot where people on their way to Kufri, often stop by to take photographs.

It was a beautiful day and after spending the night in Shimla, the two were leaving for Kufri, hoping to see some snowfall there. It was Valentine’s Day and Ritwik had planned a candle light dinner at their hotel in Shimla. So, they were going to return before it gets dark. After passing a few kilometers, Ritwik brought the car to a halt. (It was the same place where he is standing right now.) Yashika looked surprised. She had no idea what’s going on. The two stood there face to face. She didn’t say anything but there were questions on her face. And then all of a sudden, he was on his knees with a diamond ring in his hands, asking her to marry him in front of everyone. Yashika was completely shaken. This was the most wonderful thing anyone had ever done for her. She couldn’t figure out what to do or say. Tears rolled out of her eyes. “Say yes. Say yes,” came the voices from behind. And wiping off the tears, she finally said, “Yes, I will.” And the two kissed in front of everyone almost like we see in the movies.

That’s why this place has been so special to him. But this time he’s alone. It’s a full moon night in the month of August. 11:35 pm and it’s all desolate. But wait, there’s something wrong. He doesn’t seem okay. He looks thin as a sheet, probably lost at least 10 pounds. His eyes are bloodshot red like he hadn’t slept for several nights. He’s holding a half filled bottle of scotch in his left hand and his iPhone in the right one. Scrolling down the pictures of him and Yashika, his eyes get stuck on a picture of them together which was from his cousin’s wedding. It was where they first met. And all of a sudden, he goes back to the time reliving all those moments again.

 

Ritwik was a chief software architect in a leading IT firm and Yashika was a successful fashion designer. As a matter of fact, Yashika used to be his cousin, Tanisha’s friend and the two met at Tanisha’s wedding eve.

 Tanisha’s father and Ritwik’s uncle was a wealthy business man. He owned two 6 bhk apartments in Saket, a 15 acres farm house in Jaipur and a huge mansion in Greater Kailash where the family lived. For him, money was never important when it was about his children’s happiness. Tanisha was his only daughter and she was marrying a middle class guy who earned about 1/4th of her father’s weekly income. Yet he was happy that his daughter is marrying a man of her choice. The wedding arrangements were lavish. Tanisha’s father had paid all the expenses which were around 25 crores. The Umrao in South Delhi was booked. And it was one hell of a wedding. There were about 10,000 stalls of food alone, desserts and beverages excluded. South Indian, North Indian, Continental, Chinese, Thai, Italian, Mexican. Literally everything. And if that’s not what you’re looking for, there were Russian dancers and American violinists to refresh your mood. The whole banquet was decorated like the sets of a big-budget movie. The 

 had already arrived and everyone was waiting for the bride to come.

“There’s still time Tani,” Ritwik says.

 “What did you see in this punk anyways, I mean really?” He smirks.

(Ritwik was sitting at the backseat with Tanisha in Audi Q7 which was taking them to the banquet)

“Shut the f*ck up Ritwik,” Tanisha says. “One more word against him and I’ll break your nose.”

“Really, then who would escort you to the stage where your prince charming is waiting?”

“Don’t worry about that boy. My friends are on their way and I’ve other cousins too,” she says. “And who the hell are you anyway? I don’t need your favor,” she smirks.

“Oh come on, don’t be so furious with me. Can’t I even play with my sister one last time?” he says.

“What do you mean, one last time?”

“Yeah, you’re getting married today. And who knows when we’ll be seeing each other now. Plus, your prince charming won’t let me make fun of you right?”

“Are you insane? It’s not like I’m making him my bodyguard. I’m making him my husband and believe me it ain’t gonna change anything.”

“Hmmm. That’s what you think but let’s see behna. Let’s see.”

“Alright, now will you please shut up? You’re making me spoil my make-up stupid. It’s my wedding,” she says.

“OMG! Your make up,” he laughs. “You must have spent a fortune on this thing to cover your pimples. Didn’t you?”

“I don’t have pimples you moron,” she blows an elbow in his belly.

They reach the banquet where they are accompanied by other cousins, friends and family members. Being a Punjabi household, the family members greeted each other as if they are seeing each other in decades.

They were almost ready to head to the stage when a beautiful girl in her twenties suddenly appears. And before anyone else could even notice her coming, Ritwik’s eyes caught her sight and there comes a prompt change in his face expressions. And all of a sudden everything else looks blurred.

 The girl looked stunning in a black chifon saree that she wore and a beautiful pearl necklace completed the look.

As the girl approached, Tanisha breaks the spell and Ritwik recovers from that moment of shock.

“OMG! Yashika, is that you?” she exclaims.” I can’t believe you’re here.”

“Come on, Tanisha. My best friend’s getting married and I won’t come? How can you even think about that silly,” she says.

“Awww. You know how much I love you right,” Tanisha says. “And it’s so good to see you.”

“Yeah, same here Tani,” she says. God, you look amazing.

“Thank you,” Tanisha says. “Anyways, I’d like you to meet everyone. Masi, mausa ji, bua, mom, my sister Kiran and my techie brother Ritwik.”

And the moment she introduced her to Ritwik, the two had a small eye contact of sorts.

Ritwik couldn’t figure out what to say or do for a while. She was breathtakingly beautiful. Straight silky hair toying little down to her shoulders, bewitching dark brown eyes, abundantly fair complexion, a little mole on the left side of the chin, the one that made her look like Rachel McAdams. Although, it won’t be fair to compare her with anyone else. She was beautiful just the way she was.

 “Hello everyone!” says the girl.

Tanisha surges toward the stage along with all the brothers, sisters, cousins and friends in full traditions. The boys on all four corners holding twines jutting out from a small sheet of flowers and petals that went atop Tanisha and everyone else escorting her to the stage where the groom was already waiting for her. The romantic instrumental music playing in background made it even more surreal. Two drone cameras were hovering right in front of her. The ones we usually see in music concerts and cricket matches. The light arrangements were even more astounding. All the lights were dimmed except for the ones that lightened up the path followed by Tanisha. The whole path was smothered with rose petals. The fragrance of those roses scented up the entire banquet. It was marvelous. You don’t even see this kind of weddings in Bollywood movies.

But the past few minutes were uncanny for Ritwik. There was a sudden change in his dynamics. His gaze unconditionally followed the sight of that girl. He kept looking at her over and over again, trying his best not to do that. But it seemed inevitable. He also tried his best not to get noticed while staring at her. But just when Tanisha was about to step on to the stage, Yashika turned around a bit and bam! She found out. She caught him staring at her but she just ignored. But it happened again. And again. And all of a sudden, Ritwik felt so embarrassed. He knew he shouldn’t be doing this. But she seemed so harder to ignore. He couldn’t figure out why all this was happening. It wasn’t like he hadn’t dated any beautiful girl before. He had. But this girl, there was something in this girl.

Something that was driving him crazy. Maybe it was love. Maybe it was just the infatuation. But whatever it was, he knew one thing for sure that he’s never gonna get her face off his head.

But abashed by his own actions, he decides not to see her again. He decides not even to go near her and ignore her in the best way possible.

But for all one knows, some things are meant to happen and there’s nothing you can do to avert them.

 were about to begin and the gaze of everyone on girl’s side was stuck at the shoes of the groom. No, they weren’t dirty. Actually, as per the traditions, younger relatives of the bride try to steal the groom’s shoes and they ask for a desired amount of money or gifts in return. Only then the shoes are given back. But the boy’s side have to prevent that from happening at any costs. It’s sort of a very interesting game and most of the times, the girl’s side wins. 

 is probably the best time to steal the shoes as this is the only occasion throughout the ceremony where both the groom and the bride have to go barefoot. Just as the Phere began and the groom went barefoot, Tanisha’s sisters and friends gathered around the groom’s realm with their eyes fixed on the shoes that were under strict surveillance of groom’s friends and relatives.

Oblivious of such happenings, Ritwik was having a drink with some distant cousin. After a minute or two, the cousin leaves and he stands there alone for a while. And all of a sudden, a voice comes from behind.

“I’ve got the shoes,” someone exclaims.

It was some girl. The voice was soft but it didn’t sound familiar to him. He turns around and notices a girl running toward him. Some guys were chasing her. It took him some seconds to figure out that some girl from the bride’s side has got the shoes and she’s getting away with them. But it’s clear that the groom’s friends found out about this and that’s why they’re trying to get the shoes back before it’s too late. But he was a little too late when he realized that he’s standing in the way. And constantly looking behind, the girl doesn’t see him standing there either. And what seemed obvious, she bumps into him.

It is then that he finds out it was her. Yashika, Tanisha’s friend. The girl he’s been looking at all the time since he first saw her. The two looked into each other’s eyes for a little too long. This was the time when Yashika too, felt something. Something strange, something unusual. As if it was a dream or something. Who is this guy? Why he keeps looking at me this way? Why am I thinking about this guy ever since I saw him just 3 hours ago? And now this? What’s happening around? All these questions were spinning inside her head.

On the spur of the moment, there were voices from behind supposedly of the ones from the groom’s side who were chasing the girl running away with the shoes.

“Forget it babes,” some girl said. They’re gone. You should’ve been more alert, I told ya.

“Ahh, just take a hike!” the other one replied. Come on let’s get back there anyways.

The voices receded and vanished eventually leaving the two with ephemeral silence.

Ritwik and Yashika couldn’t take their eyes off each other until some girl appears out of the blues and breaks the spell.

“There you are,” she says, pointing toward Yashika. “Uh-Oh,” she says to them both. I’m afraid you two really need to get dried up, unless you’ve got some other dress to wear.

It is then that they realize, they’re both wet, for the drink that Ritwik was holding got spilled over their attires.

“Holy S##t,” Yashika exclaims. What am I gonna do now?

“Ah, don’t worry,” the other girl says. It’s gonna be fine. Just head to the washroom over there, wash it out a bit and it’ll dry out in no time.

“Thank God it was just the champagne,” she smiles, looking at them both. “I’m Swati by the way,” extending her hand toward Ritwik. Tanisha’s college friend.

“Pleased to meet you,” Ritwik says, shaking hands with the girl. “And I’m really sorry for this,” he says to Yashika. I didn’t saw you coming this way.

“No No, it was all my fault actually,” she says almost instantly, sounding lenient. I should’ve been more careful.

“Wow, I see you already met my friend Yashika eh,” she smirks. You two get along pretty well I see, she laughs.

“Buzz off Swati,” says Yashika. I can take care of myself.

“Alright. Alright,” she says while leaving. I’ll leave you two love birds alone.

“Shut the hell up!” Yashika screams. Imma get you later.

“I’m sorry about her,” she says to Ritwik. She doesn’t know what she’s saying.

“Hmmm…that figures,” he laughs.

After cleaning out the stains caused by the spilled champagne, Ritwik and Yashika meet again at the gigantic dinner table that served 40 people at a time. It was just after Phere when a huge dinner table was set in a colossal pavilion for all the close relatives including the bride and the groom. It was astounding! It looked like a royal dinner that was being served in a palace. It all looked fairly traditional. The dishes were served by over a dozen Butlers who wore a golden colored turban and a Royal attire. The dishes were served in gold plated 

. There were more than 10,000 different dishes from different countries.

But the Royal dinner for special guests was exclusively sponsored by 

 and it was in typical Punjabi style except for one thing that somehow seemed odd but still pretty. Some Foreign musicians were playing soothing romantic songs. There were three female violinists, a bald and bearded keyboard player, a long haired hippie bassist, two more guitarists and a man and a woman on lead vocals. But all this hardly aroused Yashika and Ritwik who finally sat together at the dinner table. Who finally get to talking and talked endlessly for all the time they spent together. Ritwik told her about his job and how he ended up being an engineer when he actually wanted to be a writer. He told her that he wants to take a long break from work and travel around the world someday.

Yashika told him about the college days. She told him how Tanisha and Ashish (The groom) were met. She told him how Tanisha humiliated him in front of everyone when she first met him, only to fall in love with him later. She told him about a psychotic lover of hers who had proposed to her at least a dozen times until she finally sat with him one fine morning and made him realized that they weren’t meant for each other, after which he never bothered her again.

The musicians played numerous classic western hit numbers like Every Breath You Take, My Heart Will Go On, Don’t Let You Go, I’m Alive, We Found Love, Crazy In Love, Hero and Endless Love. But then all of a sudden, the man on the vocals started singing a hit Bollywood number in a weird accent. It was Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai from a 2001 super hit movie of the same name. It spouted a jovial tide among everyone and transformed many serious faces into elated ones. Some smiled with joy while some laughed at the weird accent of the singer. This is when Ritwik’s real sister Bhoomi who sat just across from them took their photograph. Their first photograph together. It was this photograph that he treasured for the rest of his life. He remembered how he brawled up with Bhoomi to get that photograph after coming back from the wedding who teased him saying how smitten he was.

 

It is the same photograph that he is looking at with those bloodshot eyes. His face is wet with the tears and sweat. He places the empty bottle aside and takes a step further and looks down the moat for a while.

He was about to take a plunge. The holocaust was about to take place but a firm masculine voice interrupts him which drives his attention.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing man,” says the man.

A man apparently in his thirties appears out of the blues.

“Have you gone mad?” He says. God knows what would’ve happened if I hadn’t arrived.

The man continues to blare at him for some time while Ritwik doesn’t say a word. The man notices how drunk he is to speak, so he pulls him back and helps him sit at the gravel area.

“It’s alright man!” he says. There’s nothing to worry about. I’m a friend. You can trust me.

“The name is Viraj by the way,” he extends his hand toward Ritwik which he doesn’t even see.

“What’s wrong man?” he asks again.” What you were doing was wrong mate. We all have problems but this is not the solution. Did you even think about your family? Your Mother, your father? Did you even think about your kids? Your wife? Your wife. Just think about her for a while. How would she be able to live without you? Did you even think about that?”

“My wife….,” Ritwik exhales. My wife….

“Yes, your wife what?” the man asks. Is she alright mate?

“My wife…,” Ritwik gasps again. My wife’s dead!

###

