Love Short Story – My Love And Life

Image Credit: 

“Welcome to world” the first words that i listen when i born, my mother always says that i am the person who did not cry when i born even i get a slap from nurse…(but she don’t know that my life is full of tears further).

I named as “ASHWADHAMA” which means a great warrior as the name specifies in my life i faced a lot of struggles, so many of them surprise by seeing my life style and character, on my childhood  itself i wanted to be live like a legend, so i decided to do what i like, i will not hear anyone’s words, i always depends on myself, i don’t bother   about what will happen tomorrow and what happened yesterday, i always think at this moment i am happy or not, for that i can do anything.

Now you may get an idea about me, i did not turn my head backward until my 12

 standard , with my attitude i faced a lot of problems and troubles obviously authorities are anti on me.

I did not change my attitude even i get a very serious threats, so many of them think i am an arrogant and rebellion but whatever is the situation i know i am the one….

I entered into empirical college of engineering as a cse student, on the first day itself i noted to my seniors with my arrogant answers i raised their temper…

Pranit and Harsha two idiots joined with me, i didn’t except that with them my total life will change. Coming to the description of two idiots Pranit little fatty dude who having a lot of sense of  humour. And coming to Harsha, handsome and slightly thin but to innocent and concern more about studies. We started our engineering student life…..

On the very first day when i went to college i fell into the love at first sight i saw a girl wearing a black dress and she was very beautiful and charming, her eyes and smile awesome. Totally  i flat, and i surprised she is my classmate thank god! But on same day i noted to my teachers also with my arrogant attitude.

After college i, Pranit and Harsha sat and started our first experience on very first day in college we became very close in chatting i said i love someone. Pranit felt happy and said he also loving someone he asked her name but i said i don’t know.. he scold me you idiot you don’t know even the name of your lover, ok show me tomorrow i will find it. And he said her lover name was “MOUNICA” and she also our classmate hearing all this Harsha felt afraid he said “don’t divert your minds first study well after that you may get all this” we know about harsha he always afraid about his future and studies. He was a book worm always studies in the room but i and Pranit totally different from him. We always spent our time by chatting or watching films etc..

On the next day Pranit said the name of my girl. She is “SHALINI” and also said she was very rich girl and very difficult to love her. But i didn’t bother what she was, because i loved her, her  smile and eyes always attracts me where she was i followed her. Her voice, totally stunning.

Days become minutes 2 years happen without any disturbance.  But this 2 years does not made any change on me and Pranit, but we found harsha was slightly changing he was coming into our route his attitude was totally changed now he does not that much concern about his studies…

3

 year we know nothing can be kept in secrete in class with my friends Shalini knew that i am loving her, but no change her, but i did not stop my trail whatever free time i get i used it by looking her…

With the days my popularity also increased within the teachers they always tried to send me away from the college but i did not give them chance to took revenge on me, as this is going on i heard a news a girls named “SHRUTHI” loving me. But she is the branch of ece, but i never divert my mind because i deeply fell in love with Shalini, shruthi not a matter for me…

In my 4

 year a bad situation happened what i supposed is happen harsha is loving someone, but the worse thing is he lover is none another than mounica, with some of friends i heard that mounica also loving harsha, now what about Pranit?…

Pranit is wordless he did not talking with me and Harsha and he also not eating anything and situation of Pranit is worse on that day i and Harsha went to Pranit and asked what is the matter?

No answer from him, then harsha said that “ see Pranit nothing is important for me than you if the problem is that i am loving mounica, i am not loving her and i don’t want her also please excuse me and be happy and continue i am your friend i am not a iron curtain for your love sorry what ever happen is happen forget it..”

Pranit: no ra, you carry on i will drop..

Harsha: listen Pranit i am not loving her because i am loving Shalini…(he lied…)

(by hearing his words my heart beat raised….)

Pranit: what about you ashwadh?

I: hey guys i kept secret between you,  you know shruthi i am loving her(i know its my time to lie, we lied because we know about Pranit he is too sensitive if he do anything wrong..no the idea is to worse so we lied each other to save my friend)

But a lie changed our entire lives and my situation become very worse in this 3 years of my trail i found that Shalini is showing a some interest on me, and i thought this will be the last year of our academic i decided to propose her because i have a somewhat confidence on me… but situation entirely changed our lives…..

The lie we said spread as a wild fire, it reached to the ears of Shalini that i am loving shruthi and mounica that harsha loving Shalini but what we can do nothing in our hands and the worse things we made is to take a belief in Pranit i started talking with shruthi and as well harsha with Shalini. This made the situation very bad Shalini thought i am really loving shruthi and mounica supposed that harsha leaved her, no one knows what the actual truth was but this type of incidents in the year totally changed ideas over gone and Pranit tried to become close with mounica, harsha encouraged him and one harsha asked me “ashwadh are you really left Shalini i know you sincerely loved her but why you changed your decision is something wrong with you?”

Suddenly tears on my eyes my heart says “ashwadh it’s the time say to harsha that you are loving Shalini only” but i kept silence again my inner voice said “if you say that, harsha will feel very sad, and he sacrificed his love to my friend now with friendship of Shalini he is recovering now if i say the truth harsha will become mad and he don’t know what to do so it’s good to kept quite”

And with arrogant sound i said “lite harsha, you know Shalini is very rich girl for me it is really difficult and i didn’t have little hope on her, shruthi is loving me it is good for me to love the person who loving me instead of which i loving one. So i decided to love shruthi now i am happy shruthi is really nice girl and she likes me very much it’s ok you carry on… i know harsha started loving Shalini”

( first time in my life i don’t know what i am doing? up to now i did not afraid to do what i liked but now the situation is very bad i am compromising myself, and the thing i am getting far to my Shalini really killed me but nothing in my hands, i already lose it. i know i always give importance to my friendship but Shalini….. and my heart says “ashwadh, Shalini is loving you don’t missed her your 4 years of could not be waste  if you leave her you will surely felt sorry by missing her…” . but in my mind another type of thoughts “ashwadh you don’t know that Shalini really loving you are not? Suppose if you reveal that you are loving Shalini, what about your friendship? And if Shalini rejects you then you lose your love as well as friendship now the time comes you to decide what do you want friendship? Are love? )

With this confusion that year completed……

Last day of my college…………….(all friends are talking with each other about their planning about future)

Suddenly Shalini came to me i felt little afraid and my heart beat raised no. Of thoughts are running in my mind…..

Shalini: hi ashwadh!

I: hi Shalini….

Shalini: like a minutes, 4 years passed away it’s unbelievable..

I: yes, i am also in that confusion only.

Shalini: what do you decide to do?

I: not yet decided….you?

Shalini: you are really crazy? I want to do my m-tech…

I: all the best..

Shalini: anything their to say…

I: no, for you?

Shalini: no, but can i ask u something?

I: yes…

Shalini:  whom do you love?

I: (my heart beat raised.. i never expected such a question from her, what should i say? I thought deeply what ever happen will happen with a lot of struggle with myself i said..) shruthi..

Shalini: ho nice, ( i fund little in convince in her eyes) i need to go all the best…..

I: take care…..

(She went. Tears coming from my eyes……………….)

And harsha met Shalini….

Harsha: Shalini i want to say you something…

Shalini: ya, harsha say it..

Harsha:  I LOVE YOU..

Shalini: sorry harsha i never expected this from you, 

And Pranit met mounica….

Pranit:  i want to say you something…

Mounica: ya, Pranit say it..

Pranit:  I LOVE YOU..

Mounica: sorry Pranit i never expected this from you, 

And i met shruthi…

I: well shruthi have a great life…

Shruthi: ashwadh say one thing are you really loving me?

(i explained her whole story, sorry that’s why i am with you but i am still happy with you because i like your character and attitude what  is happen is happen don’t kept anything into you mind)

Shruthi: it’s ok all the best, 

I: future is in your hands make it beautiful miss you….

__END__

