Love Short Story – Lucky Girl!

Photo credit: 

 from 

It amazed her how Jack loved Rose unconditionally. It actually amaze every teen girl who dreams of a Prince charming. When we were in school, she kept talking about her Dream Lover. She was kinda Lucky when she found him. I was jealous.

She had found her Prince Charming. He was handsome, intelligent and a guy of whom every girl dreams. Moreover. he loved her unconditionally in spite of their every difference. Their love story could have made Jack-Rose jealous. I wish I could have somebody like him someday.

She might have forgotten the tragic end of Jack-Rose love, when she prayed for Titanic love story.

If I was her, I would have chosen to remain single for all my life time, If I would have known the last part.

He saved her from a car accident, leaving his Rose alone. I was happy I was not Rose.

 

But not all stories have sad ending. Love is not a matter of two people, it just happens. Nobody can create it nor destroy the feeling. She lost him but remained his widow for life. Here does not the story end but it begins………………!!!

 

She then joined a school to teach primary children just to live her burdensome life. I was amazed to know that she works in a school because she never liked small children. They were Satan to her. On the contrary, I love kids. She once told me that a boy named Jack of her class was notorious of them. She then called his parents to scold him in front of them. He came up but with no mother, only father. And when she asked the reason of his mother’s absence, he told her that he had never saw his mother. She never asked it again.

She had changed herself, she never scolded Jack again. She wanted to fill the empty space of his life. And she did. Jack loved her Mother-Teacher.  She did not find his Lover Jack but she found this white spirited Jack.

Love is not about Romance. Who says it only exists between couples ? Love is when you actually Love from within. Love can not be expressed but is something to be felt. My mother loves me but she does no give flowers to me, yet she loves me. I know.

She was Lucky that at last she found her Jack.

__END__

