Story of a Girl – Her simplicity turned worth!!

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Late morning, when a ray of Sun entered my room piercing the window-panes, giving a warm soothing effect as if patting on forehead, I awoke taking a long deep yawn; stepping down the bed slowly, I went back to the thoughts that I kept brooding about the whole night.

 She was the little princess whose memories I was lost in………’Princess’ is what I addresss her as!

I wonder, how she affords to remain so simple, filled with plain and natural thoughts; affectionately ready to embrace the world. She has sparkling little eyes defining her innocence. Her elegant walk and innocent look make her almost a perfect beauty!

I still remember the day when, for the first time she shared and spoke about the excruciating pain that kept her piercing from within. Interacting with her I felt she was completely broken…….her self-esteem almost lost!

 She asked me sounding quite sick- ‘I stay well-behaved , is it my fault? There are many whom I am liked by- have I asked……….asked them to …..lisping in pain, she said. I can never plan of flying freely with the flings of infatuation. Relationships mean a lot to me………..,she continued in a heavy tone…….’I make all possible attempts to be good to them yet they never hesitate inflicting humiliation on me. They want the whole world turning against me….so…..they keep making attempts to convince him……He- who stands in the face of my adversities- sounding low she said……..I haven’t asked anyone to stand by my side……..’,……………..she paused, silently gazing at me.

I blankly kept listening to her words. Her classmates had real hostile feelings for her. ‘The purity of her heart is enough to make her the envy of the people’- I thought.

Wiping her tears,she continued sputtering in pain;her voice turned even heavier and her eyes silently staring at me in the same way. She said- ‘ I could have made a complaint but whom shall I complain about? Is there anyone to believe I am the only right and the world is wrong! I have to stand up to the situations. It will take some time but I will do it. He-who is in love with me is a miraculous gift of God. He is a ray of hope. I get a reason to smile- enough to boost my morale in this situation of extreme adversities. But I don’t have any similar feelings for him,……….taking a deep sigh she said,……’still…I don’t understand why do I feel there’s a bond-so divine, connecting the two of us!…….I am not matured enough to understand true relationships. This isn’t the age to engage oneself in a love affair. How can I cheat my parents. If we are soulmates,our relationship is pre-destined, why shall I run after it!’………..,saying these sensitive words she stopped…gave a chuckle of delight, her eyes sparkled ,appeared puffy for she had cried a lot…she took a long deep breath feeling pretty well and so placid as if she was resolute enough to solve her issues. It surprises me how can one be so bold to take decisions at such a young age, she was nearly seventeen!

It’s not like she never thought of the guy! Often she sobbed thinking about him ; his affectionate gaze moved her but she could not help it. She kept thinking why situations made nothing apparent to her.She preferred to wait for the moment when her life would take a turn to let her freely flow in the magical waves of love life-the moment when she would realize who her soulmate was! She believes in divine love and her intuition didn’t permit her to engage in any love affair that would remain a mere history of her teenage!

 Coming out from her memories, taking a notice of the time I found it was 10.15 a.m. Flinging my arms I hurried. I had to reach by 4.00 p.m. to honour an invitation.

I feel so delighted being invited at the marriage of the princess. It’s been almost ten years, I haven’t seen her! Her knot is tied to the same guy whom she thought to be her true love! She has now realized why she felt so deeply connected to him.

 She is a successful person today! Almost all of her classmates are invited; with her unexpressed thanks ..still ready to welcome with her affectionate smile; thanking them for giving her a reason to smile always!

