Love Story – Can’t I Take Their Love When I Leave For Heavenly Abode

Photo credit: 

 from 

Can’t I take the love that I get from the most beautiful creature of God when I leave for heavenly abode?

 Most of the people can reply in the negative. I don’t bother for them and their opinion. These people are pessimist whereas I’m optimist and there a great difference between the two groups of people particularly in regard to thought, behavior and life style. I don’t want to delve deeply in the matter concerned as it is irrelevant now.

1. When I was a child, my mother loved me. So much she loved that I couldn’t express in words. I lost my father at about seven and I noticed that her love towards me was multiplied in geometrical order. She accompanied me wherever I was employed with. In 1988 she breathed her last. Her body became cool (It’s not good to use cold) bur her eyes were wide open staring at me as if she were still alive and wanted to say something out of her love. I know I can’t repay her love in life and beyond that.

Very often I feel my mother’s presence guiding me whenever I am in trouble. She touches my head’s hairs and blesses me as doing in my childhood.

 Can’t I take her love when I leave for heavenly abode?

2. After six decades I met Savitri during the last Durga Puja. I invited her to my house. We were very happy recollecting our childhood days coupled with love for each other.

In presence of my wife and her sister-in-law I disclosed that I had said to her to give a pair of silver anklets when I became grown up and earned money.

 ‘Now I earn money and it is the right time to keep my promise.’- I said to her.

 She was so pleased that she wore it immediately in place of her old ones which she untied and kept it in her waist. We loved each other in childhood and we still love each other like anything.

Can’t I take her love when I’ll leave for heavenly abode?

3. Last year Rupa came to attend her eldest nephew’s marriage. I attended the marriage party and came back soon.

 One evening when the guests left and vacated the house, she called me and charged me for not meeting her in the party.

 I said, ‘Sorry.’

As usual I gave her a packet and asked her to untie and see after I departed with. She was happy to get it and placed it on her lap with due regard.

 Sir! I am very pleased when I meet you but…

 But I find you very sad. I intervened.

 Exactly. Why so? Sir!

 Have you seen the movie ‘ Mughleazam’

 Yes, Sir!

‘इंसान किसी से दुनिया में एक बार मोहब्बत करता है,

 इस दर्द को लेकर जीता है , इस दर्द को लेकर मरता है |

 (A person loves anyone in the world only for once,

 He survives with this pain and dies with this pain)

Anything do you want to know more?

 On hearing it she kept calm and quit.

I noticed her eyes were filled up with tears and a few wanted to come out.

 She became extremely emotional. She questioned, “Sir! Why do you repeat those songs which I use to write in my love letters?

 It jumps out all of a sudden from within my heart on which I’ve no control at all. By that time his younger brother Nandu came with a plate of sweets.

 Sir! Take it, best sweets from the city.

 Sir! Please don’t flee away as you do after meeting Didi.

 Nandu knows about our love since his childhood. I always took him in confidence whenever I was in trouble. He always assisted me.

 When we are face to face, eyes to eyes and talk, he never stays rather he goes away.

I asked Rupa how she was, her husband and four children.

She said, “You know my husband is a Sr. Advocate. We trust each other, love each other and live and lead life happily. My three daughters are well settled in life, all are married, well employed as teachers. My only son, the youngest one is preparing for NDA. We hail from a village but recently built a house of own in district head quarter.

 This time your husband didn’t come.

 He was engaged in some urgent court work. I came with my son. He will see you soon, bless him so that he can compete NDA.

 OK, Sai Baba will bless him, not I. I’ll pray for your son.

 Sir! You’ve done a lot for me and for my family but I …?

 I know you were annoyed when I arranged your marriage, you cursed me when I didn’t meet you at departure time after marriage. I was matured enough whereas you were innocent and ignorant of worldliness too.

 Sir! I realized that I was mistaken, not you.

 She brought my favorite dish Khir, Aluparotha and Aludam. She also sat with me as usual. “Sanch ko, aanch kya” ( No fear, if you are true ) – she used to say in such an occasion. Today also without any hesitation.

 We had our meal together and enjoyed the company as used to enjoy in our boyhood.

 When are you going back?

 Today is Friday, we will go back by bus at 8.30 PM next Sunday.

 We have got the reserved tickets.

 Then, no problem.

 We will get down next day in the morning, no problem at all.

 Ok. Now allow me to go.

 I’ll not say, “No, but please come at six in the evening on Sunday.

 I left but with heavy heart.

 That we loved each other fifty years back and we still love each other is really unbelievable, but fact is a fact that even now we love each other like anything.

On Sunday she sent her younger brother Nandu to drag ( She used to do like it when I failed to attend in time) me in front of her.

 Sir! Didi is calling you. It is now 7 PM.

 Oh! I forgot it. Let us go hastily.

An auto rickshaw was standing at the gate. I noticed she was meeting her family members and at last she came to me. She was sobbing like a baby.

 Who said you to wear this pink sari? Catching hold of its aanchal I asked.

 None but you, Sir!

 She was still sobbing.

 She touched my feet with due respect.

 I blessed her placing my hand on her head.

 Can’t I take her love when I leave for heavenly abode?

4. On 21st. Sept. 1998 I had a massive heart attack at midnight. I was admitted to a Central hospital immediately where I was holding a key post. I was in ICU for a week. One Sr. Staff Nurse took care of me while on duty. When I was out of danger, I was shifted to a cabin.

 The next day I noticed she was on my service once again. My wife was also with me as attendant. How did you come from there to here.

 Sir! I can’t leave you alone till you’re fully recovered. I changed the place of duty on request. I pray to Jesus Christ every morning. May God take a few years from mine and give it to yours! Sir! I wish you for a long life.

 Why?

 Sir! You did a great work for us.

 In fact I don’t remember.

 You settled our long outstanding arrear dues.

 It was your money and I paid it. It was my duty. I sorted out where the obstacles were and then arranged to pay it not only to you but all perhaps eleven such cases in number.

 Sir! It was lying pending for this or that reason for a pretty long time. You took up the issue as of your own, held meetings with us and …

 OK

 You repaid its return by serving me day and night more than that I did for you.

 Since I love you most.

 Is it so?

 Of course.

 After a few days I was discharged and advised for rest for a week.

 I resumed my duty as I was fit and feeling better. She used to come every evening at 4.30 PM in my chamber and asked about my health.

 She never sat before me face to face.

 One day I asked her to sit. She looked very cheerful.

 I stared at and fixed my eyes on her face straight eyes to eyes peeping deep into. She too. I became impatient and asked:

 How do you know that I love you?

 Your anxiety to see me, your anxiety to talk to me, your anxiety …

 No more proof is required.

 I confess I love you too. I’m not so open minded as you. Secondly you are a married woman with two children.

 What of that?

 It is against social ethics.

 I don’t believe in what you say in defense.

 In our religion love is considered above all.

 It is an inborn quality of human beings.

 I love you and I’ll continue to love you till the last breath of my life even after that.

She was very emotional. The matter was at the top of the climax. I asked her to sit down. She sat down. Staring at her face and peeping into her eyes I ask her to smile – please, Smile for the sake of …

 When she smiled, I smiled too and said to her, “I love you and I’ll till the …

 She intervened, “Please don’t convince me further.”

 Be normal, sit for a few minutes and…It’s 5 PM. As usual you will leave the office.

 I will not go till you be normal and look cheerful.

 I will drop you at your doorstep.

 My driver was waiting outside.

 When she was alright, I took necessary permission from the matron for her release.

 She invited to have a cup of tea. I followed her. I found her husband and two pretty daughters awaiting at the door.

 They welcomed me and took me inside the house.

 We had tea and snacks together.

 The two babies about 9 and 7 years old sat closely beside me as if I were their father.

 Her husband says to me, “ Mr. Kailash you know my wife not only loves you but loves you most. Every day she says to us about you, your working style particularly in listening to grievance and redressing it as of your own.

 Once she said to you, “If I am reborn, I want to be your wife. You replied,”

 No problem, I’ll be happier than you to be your husband.”

 My wife is very free, frank and fair in dealing with. I am proud of her. These babies also know about your love towards their mum.

 Mr. Phillips! I would have died long back. She prayed to Jesus Christ to take a few years from hers and add to mine.

 After massive heart attack…

 We know everything, she served you day and night.

 Do you want to know why we love you?

 We were in heavy debt. Every month we had to pay a major portion of our salary. The amount you paid as arrear, we repaid the HB loan immediately.

 Now we live and lead our life happily and peacefully.

 We talked and enjoyed together.

 We came down. I thanked Mr. and Mrs. Phillips. They requested me to come again.

 The cute babies came closer and said to me, “ Sir! Mumy said you’re very good teacher, spare some time to teach us.

 Why not?

 I’ll teach you, the first lesson of human life.

 What is it, Sir?

 “Do good and be good”

 I left happily. I saw all the family members raising their hands as a sort of respect to me.

***

Writer: Durga Prasad.

 ****

