Love Short Story – Addicted to you

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ashika a pretty talkative girl with crystal clear beautiful eyes who just completed her schoolings fall in love with her class mate Helen and they had a very good relationship. He is the first hand she held. The first one she cared for. The first to lift her in the air. The only one she ever loved.

Ashika felt there was something there. A spark between them that she felt only when she stays with him. Everyday was a picture of happiness. There is no hint of loneliness. Everything was wonderful. Ashika completely mad on Helen. She took her relationship to next level.She trusted Helen a lot and lived with him as his wife. She discussed with Helen about her plan to get marry after completing graduation. As soon as this topic opened day by day she was avoided by Helen. Helen felt that he is not matured enough to take this responsibilities.

The pain Ashika feeling now, is the pain she will forever retain.But then as time goes her Feelings begin to fade away. Tears fall down one by one & it kills me to hear goodbye from Helen.How come Helen betrayed the one who is mad on him? words fallen short to express. blind total blind! Even though the days are short memories which he gave will lead her life.

She felt that she is the worlds luckiest person to carry burden of smile outside and longing for love inside.Helen moved away without knowing her deep love and Ashika is not matured enough to digest the sorrow.

Ashika planned to act close with Helen friends, to make his attraction to turn on her as soon as he moved away but nothing helped. possessiveness didn’t work. She wrote one letter but no chance of giving him. He vanished away.Helen said he would always be there for Ashika But now she truly see That he never saw the feelings in ashika soul.

After few months Helen came to play cricket with his friends, that time his friends started talking bad about ashika like she was talking close with them. Helen got completely shacked and he decided not to contact ashika after that.

Days passed askiha felt like standing in empty place, Listening to the echoes of helen  faded words away. Ashika really thought helen would change for her.Deep in her, she made a promise. she will never fall in love again

 Often ashika don’t know what to say or do. So many times, she  cried over. she have faith . Her love is true and he will be back soon.

 Every time her mind says move on. her heart wants to hold on to helen more. Ashika  long for the day when she can have him in her hand safe to share days and nights.The thought of being back together is what keeps her getting out of bed each day.

 college felt like a liberation for Ashika.she was far away from family. It was the first time to be separated from them. Stayed in hostel then after few days started moving in college bus.she learned to be more mature in whatever she do, think before making any decisions. She used to hide her original character in order to avoid problems.

As usual she enjoyed her degree life. As months go by, staying up late nights and trying to finish last minute assignments exams results so and so. Started concentrating on studies got top marks in last two semesters.All her friends are engaged but Ashika never thought of it. All the time its helen who came in to mind.No body can replace Helen in her life……….

After her college, parents started marriage talks She felt heavy hearted! so guilty feel , which she ever had in life. Cant even imagine to share a life with somebody.

Ashika got placed in software company and stayed in friends home.She made herself committed all time. 6 days office Sunday classes. She didn’t give any chances for entertainment or diversion. less sleep more work. Whatever the place She moved , surrounded by lovers and love married couples.Helen memories kills Ashika .She never slept a day without helen memories. He is always burning inside Ashika.Got sick a lot. Depression , pressure, tension , head ache frustration and fainted many times.

Helen started his career and he enjoyed his life a lot. New relationships and breakup enjoyed  a lot with his friends parties, tour, film and Much more.He also used to think about ashika on her birthdays.

After 8 years on july  fine evening Ashika saw a guy in bus stop far away.She holded her breath moved forward.Yes it is Helen. My Helen.She felt so happy.Her tears started speaking. Helen was so surprised to see Ashika.Helen asked sorry for betraying her. He added he got punished for leaving her as such.He never expected that ashika still in love with him.she gave the letter which she wrote long back.

Helen started reading that

With this letter, I want to express the fault on my part for not constantly saying how much I miss you. I live for seeing you again, for being whole with you again. Our time together is very special to me. The memories I have for you are treasures that i will NEVER let go.

My feelings for you have increased beyond measure since you’ve been away from me this amount of time, you fed my desires you touched my soul, and then you left. Now I am unable to stop , sounds of your voice that haunts me, with the illusion of you. I often ask myself what spell you put upon me this day.my mind wonders with wants and needs of the past, often bringing tears to my eyes. You striped me of your love. when you left, and without you my life went in dark. I will always miss you just the same, even though, you will never know.

No gift I can give to you to compare, so I wrote this for you. I want you to read it on a pleasant day, when you are sad and lonely or just thinking of me.I want to devote myself to you always and I want to see your happiness all the time.

Hope to hear from you…

Helen was shocked and he felt guilty of leaving her. Ashika got his number and started exploring all her statcked feelings and she said I cant miss you again in my life ever.

she wish its not a dream. Even if it is a dream she wish to sleep ever to live with that.

She came to know Helen been in another relationships after her. He was loving some other girl and got break up and he is single now. She felt sad as he don’t wait for her but she started compromising her by telling Helen will be with her ever from now. She said to Helen no need to think past, I m madly in love with you and still I love only you so I want our relationship to be strong from now.

Helen felt ashika as precious.He accepted that and proposed her. again they were so close and loving each other. When ever Helen started worrying about his ex-girl friends and past life. ashika helped him to over come and made him happy. She started building confidences on him slowly.

She spend her all time in giving him happiness and guided him for good future. One day they were discussing about past life that time ashika confessed that she tried to be close with Helen friend for making his attraction on her as she don’t want any secrets between each other.

After knowing this Helen again started saying that Our marriage is not possible, he feel guilty for leaving ashika and he cant recover from the mistake which ashika did and also added that old relationships memories haunting helen so he said cant marry ashika. I m really sorry to say this again

Ashika  crashed totally but still she stuck with him.Helen love ashika but she cant marry her

Ashika spend her life completely by thinking Helen.She is speechless. She started talking to her soul silently

“Just for the moment I was attached to you my life took big turn. If separation is destined why god made us even meet”

This time how I should take this whether as betrayal or as fate …?

May I know what kind of mistakes there in my side? Whether its punishment for him or me…..!!??

So many questions inside her head But she cant raise a question nor hurt him as she loved Helen a lot

There are so many things left to say but I guess something are better left unsaid.

She whispered silently

__END__

