Short Love Story – God has better plans for us

A month full of work, work and work left Stephanie exhausted. She had been working even on Saturdays, and with such long days she end up eating ordered meal, and going to bed that left her studio apartment a mess. Her Sundays went in cleaning, washing, dusting and that made her more weary. She hadn’t hanged out for a whole month and she was craving to put on her shorts and tank top, put on her slip ons and take a long walk towards the beach. And when the day came when her final deals were handled she left the office right away. It was 5 in the evening when she reached home. She took quick shower , put on her most comfortable jeans shorts, her favourite yellow colored 

 tank top, her favourite pair of red colored slip ons with white sole. She pulled her cherry blond hair in a ponytail, switched off her cell phone and left it on the coffee table, put on her iPod, played her favourite rock number ‘Do me a favor’ by Stone Sour, locked the door of her apartment and she was a free bird. She inhaled deep refreshing evening air and felt light, as if the burden of work was sliding down her shoulders. She had worked hard and it was her time now, and she was a person who enjoyed her own company the most. So she didn’t want to meet any of her friends but be with herself, walk, lay on the beach sand, see the sun going down, feel the wind in her hair and uplift her mood.

She reached the beach at the right time, the sun was about to set and there was nothing else she wanted but to see the deep natural colors in the sky. She didn’t realise that she was inhaling long deep breathes as if she was deprived of air. She heard a voice 

 and her breath stuck in her nostrils. She heard a giggling sound before she turned to her left to see a young man with copper colored silky hair that was moving rhythmically on his forehead with the strong blows of wind. He was some 6 feet tall, had perfectly squared jaw, tanned complexion, green eyes, straight nose and had thin lips with a lop-sided smile. He did seem familiar but she couldn’t guess who. She gave him a squint-eyed look because though he was a treat to her eyes, the last thing she needed was a stranger getting in any kind of conversation with her, not even a conversation asking an address. She turned her face towards the sky and made it clear to him that she was not interested. She was staring at the sun because she didn’t want to look to her left, but instead he said 

 and now she felt irritated.

She turned to find him grinning at her, and she asked 

and he said 

 and he grinned again showing his perfect squared white teeth as if he is doing some dental commercial.

She just ignored what he said and turned her face towards the sun and darn it! the sun is no more in the sky and she got a little more upset with this stranger. And she pinched her lips, squinted her eyes and gave him a tough look, but instead of saying anything she just walked off. She kept walking because her good lonesome time was being crushed by some good looking man who otherwise would have given her a pleasurable time. She stopped, closed her eyes, took another deep cleansing breathe to flush him out of her head and opened her eyes and found him in front of her eyes facing her. Now she was actually getting annoyed and her adrenaline raised. She wanted to push him and say 

but she gave him a stink eye and started walking in the direction she came from. He followed her again and now was walking beside her. Instead of being angry she was rather scared. She started wondering if 

She stopped right there as the fear within her was growing. She knew she can’t go towards her apartment because if he gets the knowledge of where she stays, he may assault her physically or sexually. Now she was regretting as why did she keep her phone at the apartment. She turned to him and asked 

 sweat was dripping down her temple, she was breathing loudly and her hands were shivering, and he then noticed that his act wasn’t amusing, he understood that she is frightened.

He introduced himself to her as 

 and paused, wondering if she could remember him but probably she wasn’t able to think beyond this fear.

He continued 

and he again paused in a hope that she could remember him and yes she did remember. She was wide-eyed staring at him as if he said

Then she said 

and he immediately replied 

 and she punched him on his left arm and he squealed 

 and she grabbed him in her arms and they both laughed.

When she unwrapped her arms around him, she asked 

and he laughed a bit more louder this time and said 

and now she hit him harder this time on his right arm and said 

 she took a relaxing breathe and continued 

 and he was enjoying the way she speaks, the way her lips made an ‘O’ for some words, the way her eyes pops out, she still fusses over small things and he still adores her.

She asked 

and she said 

 and he could only smile to what she just said, it may have not meant much to her but it meant everything to him because she definitely meant the world to him.

While they were walking from the beach towards her apartment, he told her that he has his car parked so they don’t have to walk, and he took out Audi A8 and her jaw dropped looking at that white beauty.

She exclaimed 

and he thanked her. She continued with her questions 

his smile grew and he said 

 and she thought how would he react to her all mussed up studio apartment. She was lost throughout the journey when he stopped his car and she felt jerked. He pointed to the Chinese nook, and they ordered takeaway noodles and rice, while her uneasiness grew. She was now convinced inviting a businessman who stays in a duplex to the her small studio apartment has been a bad idea, infact a very bad idea. She didn’t realise that he took her to her apartment without even asking her the address.

When they got down, they walked towards the lift and after getting inside he pressed the button for 8th floor, only then she realised and asked 

She was shocked as she just realised that he didn’t even ask her, her address. He knew if he didn’t answer straight away she would probably be wondering if he is not Jack and is some kind of killer, and yes he knew her better,  she did think the same. He raised his both hands to exclaim that he is surrendered and said 

They reached on her floor but she wasn’t opening the door before she hears something worth her acceptance. She folded her arms below her chest and was tapping her right foot on the floor. He understood she was waiting and he continued explaining 

She was beginning to believe him and she herself couldn’t bare standing there as her legs started aching after her long evening walk.

She said 

 and she winked.

She opened the door and stepped out of her slip ons. He sat on her couch and she brought the plates, spoons and forks from kitchen. She was embarrassed by the state of her apartment. It was small but with his presence it seemed to have shrunk. She was getting more self conscious and he was his casual self. He served her the rice and noodles and they both ate and for few minutes they both were silent but then he initiated the conversation 

and she was struck by the thought 

and he did continue 

 and she nodded, he was her co-worker.

He said 

and she laughed saying 

and he said 

and she was now blushing for unknown reasons. he continued 

and she was intrigued to ask 

with a secret hope that he wanted to know if she is single but Jack said 

, and anyone in the world can guess that she was annoyed by his answer.

 and he was smirking.

her skin between her eyebrows was creased and he could see the anxiety on her face.

He got up, put his hands in his pant’s pockets, started to putter around. He didn’t know what to say, he knew time would come when he have to justify his actions but he didn’t know it would be the first time he would meet her after more than a decade. He was well aware that now he cannot jest to escape from this situation. He could see it in her eyes what she is expecting and he would pour his heart out to her but he can’t be sure if what he is interpreting is accurate. 

On the other hand, Stephanie was getting anxious with every passing second. She thought if he is regretting his decision of meeting her, probably he wouldn’t meet her now. She was regretting pushing him so much with her stupid questions. She was counting seconds, two minutes passed and he was still strolling in her apartment and she decided if in a minute he doesn’t speak up, she would. She would say something like, 

 and yes she was so glad.

He finally spoke up after some 2.45 minutes 

 and she gave a big sigh full of relief on hearing his first word 

, and now he had nothing else to say. Though he was worried about what she would say, somewhere he felt a huge burden is released from his heart, he felt light and better than he was in last 2 years. Now it was his turn for the wait and Stephanie too took some 2 minutes to answer 

. He felt his heart was beating louder than a drum and he was worried if she could hear the beats.

She was herself struggling with words. She had known Jack for last few hours but she has this deep bonding with him, he is that guy she doesn’t have to pretend, she can hit him, punch him, laugh with him, and he doesn’t make faces on seeing her untidy studio. But she had not known him since so many years, what if he is some bad guy? Though he doesn’t seem so. She needed to talk to someone who knows him, probably having a word with Mark would set her mind straight. She said finally 

and he felt dumb-founded. He could only nod, and she sprinted to her kitchen. She called Mark and asked about Jack, what his brother Joseph said about him, everything he knows about Jack, and Mark responded positively.

.

Well until now she never considered herself lucky, at least in case of Love in her life. She have had enough bad dates, and now she had stopped going out with any man since more than a year. She was now feeling butterflies in her stomach and she rushed towards her room because all she wanted to do now is grab him in her arms and that is exactly what she did. She stood in front of him and staired him squint-eyed, because it was her turn to jest.

He stood up because now he was worried 

and before his thoughts go haywire she clung her arms around his neck and hugged him tight, and she did it in such quick seconds that he was stunned for few breathes, then he embraced her in his arms and his life felt complete. She too found someone who loves her, because she was tired of lame dates, tired of her monotonous life where what she did was work, household, sleep, eat.

__END__

