YOU DON’T GET SECOND CHANCES OFTEN

You are living a happy life, have a beautiful girlfriend whom you love more than anything else, have a perfect job and a perfect apartment that you share with your girlfriend. The choices you have made in life seem to be working in your favour. So, on your anniversary you call your girlfriend and tell her to meet you at a restaurant. She offers to cook at home but you are ardent on going to the restaurant because you want to make this day special.

You leave work at 8pm and head towards the restaurant. you reach there and wait for her. 20min, 40min, 1hr…when you receive a call from her. You answer the phone pissed because she is late. A man is talking on the other line. He is speaking in such panic and hurry that it takes a while for you to contemplate what he is saying. You just hear words. A girl. Car crash. DEAD.

It’s been 2 weeks now since that day. Today was her funeral. You come back to your empty apartment,take her photo, hug it, cry and doze off. You blame yourself for all of it. It was you who had forced her to come to the restaurant. You think if it wasn’t for you, she would have been alive. When you wake up you find its day outside. but when you slept it was 9pm. You check your phone. You fall from your bed in shock. The calendar in your phone says the year 2010.        But it’s 2017 !

You are staring at it when it rings. It’s from your college friend. You haven’t talked to him in 2 years so why is he calling you. You answer it. He is shouting at the other end, telling you to come quickly or you will miss the first class of your first semester. Then you realise what day it is. It’s the first day of your college. But how?

How did you get back in time 7 years? You are freaked out but you have to find out what is going on so you leave your apartment and head for college. You find your class and settle down.Your friend is sitting 2 rows behind you. Everything is the same as you remember it. The same class, same professor, same seat. You are on the verge of a mental breakdown when she enters.

She. Your heart warms up when you look at her enter the class clumsily, tripping several times on her way. She apologises to the professor for being late and sits in front of you. She is wearing the same dress. You notice the raven tattoo on her neck as you noticed that day. You want to touch her, hold her, shake her. Anything… but you can’t. She doesn’t know you yet. In the middle of the class she turns to you and asks for your water bottle. Same as she did that day. You know what’s gonna come next.

As the class gets over, she get’s up to leave but you know better. She stops mid-way, turns and speaks-” Hey, umm…i saw you in the campus before. You seem to know this place.Would you mind escorting me to the library?. I’m clueless……..i’m Rose by the way.”

You are going to answer as you did 7 years ago but. ..you stop. You stand up. “I’m sorry, i got a class.” You leave.

You were given another chance. You had to make a choice. You did.

–END–

