Short Story Love – The two notes

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mily was enjoying the last sip of coffee when she got a message on her cell which made her blood cold. She placed the mug on the floor where she was sitting and looking at the pictures of her marriage. Joy and Mily were best of friends from the day they joined their primary school. Mily grew up as a very responsible lady. She always topped in the school and in the college too. Participating in all the events made her popular among all the boys of her batch and seniors too, after all she was someone with a fair glowing skin and sparkling eyes. Joy would get jealous of it. He was not a very handsome guy but looked attractive with the right amount of build. Mily just loved to see him jealous and his wicked smile.

She read the message again: “I just hate my life. Whenever I’m sure about everything and everything is going right, ehhhh something or other happens and I’m back on the first step, rather fall back heavily. I worked so hard all these years and what have I got in return? I just wanna run away.”

She ran towards the car forgetting the keys inside the house and then going back again. She knew there would be no use of calling Joy, he won’t pick any of her calls. She was finally inside her car driving to him, her best friend, her one and only love, her first crush, or whatever u may say; her love for him had no limits.

There he was, sitting on the bench in front of their primary school where they first became friends, they fought, shared their lunch, smiled at each other, cried together, all the things they did together for the first time. Whenever he was sad, he would come here and enjoy recalling all the moments he had lived as a child, when he was so fearless and had no burdens on his head. This place always gave peace to him.

Mily sat on the bench where Joy was sitting but at some distance like we normally sit with a stranger. There was silence all over. Joy was sitting with a mournful face while Mily like always had a smile. There was a call on his cell. It was an unknown number. Joy ended the call and looked around. Mily was missing. He got up and before he could take a step to go and find her, he again received a call. It was the same unknown number.

Joy picked it up. “Don’t say a word and just listen to what I say.” He was shocked at what he heard. He didn’t have anything to say and just sat on the bench again. “I know you’re looking for your wife and you want to know where she is. You love her very much, right? Now just do what I say to you.”

Joy didn’t say anything except “mmm.” It was Mily on the phone but where was she?

“I’m in a big trouble. I was in the hospital today morning and even a day before. The most depressing thing was your message that signified you wanna run away because of the troubles in your life; you wanna run away from me even?”

The call ended. Joy was tensed, he didn’t know what to do. He just closed his eyes and regretted for the message he had sent. He felt the presence of someone and opened his eyes. There were two little children, a girl and a boy; each having a note in their hands.

The boy offered him his note. “We have shared all our happiness and sorrow and have never let each other down. How can you just run away when we have the happiest day in our life?”

Joy thought of what had happened in the office and felt ridiculous at the very first thought of it. How could that be happiest thing? Interrupting him from his thoughts, the girl gave him the note she had. “Remember the days we have spent together as tiny tots in this school? You can live them again. I’m pregnant.”

Joy fell on his knees. He cried and he laughed. He didn’t even notice the children going. He was just happy without the thought of what he was so upset of. Mily appeared before him. He hugged her tight and kissed her. He promised her of not doing that again.

There is another note for all those who are reading this. “The sun rises and it sets too. Don’t be sad and depressed for what you could not have. Be happy for all the moments that remind you of what life is about. Enjoy the memories of those moments and live them whenever and wherever you want. No one can take those from you. Whenever something bad happens, don’t think of running away. Just take a step ahead, may be happiness from some another road follows you.”

__END__

