Love Short Story – THE MOST TREASURED BOX

Photo credit: 

 from 

When Saphire opened her eyes, she saw a beautiful being sitting beside her.  “Is this an angel?” she thought to herself.

As if in answer to her question, the being said, “Yes, I am your angel.  Do not fear Saphire. Your earthly journey is over.  You are going to stay with us from now on.”

Tears started flowing from Saphire’s eyes. Saphire felt strange.  She couldn’t remember any details of her earthly life. Yet, she couldn’t stop her tears.  The angel took her hands and made her rise up.  Saphire was led to a room, magnificent in structure, built of gold and filled with flowers of all possible colors.  She was in awe.  Some deep feeling arose in her.

“Saphire, you have always loved being near flowers”, said the angel.  She suddenly saw herself and the angel standing in front of three boxes that looked more like jewelry cases.

“Can I open them?” she asked.

“Yes, you may dear.  Please do not open the third one yet.  There will be a time when you will come back with another to open the third box.”

Saphire was perplexed.

She opened the first box.  In it were beautiful precious gems of all kinds.  “May I hold them?”

“Go ahead dear”, said the angel.

Saphire took a pearl.  She felt like closing her eyes.  As she closed her eyes, holding the pearl in her hand, she saw herself watching her infant days.  The beautiful smile of her mama and the warm hug of her papa.  Tears started rolling.  She reached out her hands to touch their faces.  She felt warmth on her outstretched palms.  When she opened her eyes, she saw the angel holding her hands and smiling at her.  In the angels other hand was a bowl full of precious gems.

“Saphire, these are your tears that I collected now.  You now know what are in these boxes.  It contains memories of your earthly days.  The first box contains all those memories until you became a mother.  The second box contains all the memories of your days since you started motherhood.  The third box which is the most treasured for you will not be opened until you come with another.

“Who is this another?” Saphire asked.

“You will know it dear, when the time is ripe.”

And so Saphire’s days were filled with going through her memories and being amongst the heavenly beings.  Whenever she looked at the third box, there arose a yearning within her.  She waited for the day when she could finally open it.  And so the days went on.  Pure joy was the whole world to her now.

“Saphire, come with me dear”, said the angel.

She went with the being.  As they entered her room of memories, she saw a man standing and looking at the third box.  Saphire started walking towards the box.  Hearing her coming, he turned around.  She couldn’t walk another step.  Everything froze around her.  All she could do was cry and cry.  Saphire didn’t know what was happening to her.  He walked towards her and took her hands into his.  There was a burst of colors as they held hands.  The most beautiful butterflies that she has ever seen covered them both.  Saphire looked closely at the man who created this magical moment.  Tears were rolling down his eyes too.  Both walked hand in hand towards the third box.

“Open it”, said the angel.

They opened it together. A single precious gem, glowing brightly was in the center of the box.  As they closed their eyes and touched it, they saw how much they have loved each other so passionately. Saphire saw all those precious moments when she used to wait to just hear his voice.  She saw how colorful her life became with the coming of this man.  Just how much she loved him even over the great distance that separated them.  Days when all she wanted to do was to hold him close and tell him how much she appreciates and loves him.  She saw the moment when she told him one day that if she ever had to leave earth before him, she would be waiting for him on the other side.  She watched the accident that ended her journey.  At this Saphire opened her eyes.  His eyes were still closed.  She saw his pain, every tear that rolled and said to him,

“Honey, don’t cry.  We are together for eternity.  Nothing can separate us now.  I love you.”

A single most beautiful light surrounded Saphire and her Seth.

__END__

