LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

There was too much pink for one place at one time. Dress, ribbons, even handkerchief– all were laden with a fluorescent shade of rose. And if you could notice close enough, it was even a shade of it for the synesthetics.

Life in here could be called as some sort of a challenge, because between here and the playground, all that mattered was lasting in here. Without being influenced. By 

I was sitting exactly three chairs down from where she was. Mary McShane. She was playing with the tower, with what I wanted to play with. Her hair was one high ponytail, and all her friends were sitting next to her, admiring her. I winced at the thought of being close to her. I mean, not that I thought what it could be like or anything. But it’s just that she is a girl, and well, girls are… girls.

I didn’t understand how people could be close to girls and stuff. They always nagged and cried and wanted things. They cried shrilly, stomped their feet and how my father always said, “Son, never get married.” They wanted the same things, over and over again, much like my mother when described by my father. And oh my mother! What could you say about her? She was very much like a girl– dressing up and always in front of the mirror. Ugh, make-up. How women could spend literally hours putting it on, was way beyond what I could understand.

Mrs. White, our class teacher came into the class, with her really un-genuine smile and she really tried too hard on her voice.

“Good morning, kids!” She exclaimed; probably the only one cheery in the mornings. “Today we are going to draw what is on our minds, yeah?”

Everyone around me was excited on a strange level. As per my thinking, I thought of everyone in my class as unusually robot-like. They were very predictable. Even my best friend Mickey. Not the mouse, if that is what you were thinking. Mickey was usually wandering around the glue, and always had paint and stuff all over him. He is a slow learner, I guess. Mrs. White was giving out the white chart paper and paints.

, I told myself. But what could I have done? Even at nine years old, I had to live up to expectations, you know.

Nine and three quarters, okay?

Mrs. White was handing out papers when she came to the last one. And gee whiz, it just 

 to be between me and Mary. I wouldn’t call it co-incidence, but an act of pure Evil.

“Oh dear! We are all out. Now, why don’t you two decide who gets this last one, okay children?” she said and went to her desk.

Mary and I were sitting face to face. I could mark out the darkness that was just waiting to burst out of that perfect little face of hers. Girls are evil, you know? That’s why my father always said that… well, he said a lot of things.

“You can take it. I’m really not that ‘into’ drawing, ya know,” said I, trying to keep my ‘cool’. I didn’t need any sort of an argument with a girl over a sheet of paper.

“Oh, you are just being sweet. Aww,” she said ‘cutely’.

I stuck my tongue out in disgust.

“I’m not being so. You can take it. Besides, you are going to cry anyway.”

Mary looked at me with her piercing eyes. “I’m not going to cry, silly.”

“I’m not going to cry, silly,” I repeated her words to annoy her.

“Stop doing that,” she cried.

“Stop doing that,” I said again.

And she started to cry.

It was almost as if suddenly I had turned into some sort of a villain. Everyone looked at me as if I had committed a crime or something.

“Doug, what have you done?” said Mrs. White to me. “Don’t cry, Mary. Don’t cry Mary. Doug, you aren’t ever like this. Why are you behaving so rudely?”

I was quickly put away into the silent corner, awaiting interrogation. I was talking to myself. 

“Doug,” said Mrs. White, “Why did you make Mary cry?”

“Pff,” I said and rolled my eyes, “Girls cry for anything.”

“Doug, is it because it’s Valentine’s day today? Did no one fill your box?” She asked me. I looked at the box my mother had made for me. People were supposed to put in candies and notes about today. And it was only then that I realized that I had forgotten to even ask mine to be filled.

“Mrs. White,” I said nervously, and she understood, giggling at me.

School was over and Mary was leaving.

“Mrs. White asked me to say sorry to you,” I mumbled.

Mary was pretty upset, and she really didn’t want me around, I could tell.

“Well, you can tell, if you want,” she said, trying to be as rude as me.

“I’m…  uh… I’m sorry. And anyway, it wasn’t really my fault… you cried…,” my words trailed.

She took off one of her ribbons and put it in my Valentine’s box, and stared at me expectantly.

“What?” I asked her. “I’ve got nothing. You girls always expect something in return.”

She turned around, stomped her feet and left.

Mrs. White came into the room.

“Did you give it to her, Doug?” she asked me.

My face to the ground, hands in my pockets and feet shuffling in shyness, I shook my head.

__END__

