Short Love Story – Tides of Memories 

Photo credit: 

 from 

We friends have decided previous night that we would have sunbath in morning.And all went for sleep.

I wake up an hour before others, wear swim suit and went to the beach alone.Beach was just walking-distance from hotel. I started walking along the shoreline.I have been lover of nature.I decided to feel it myself, let’s see how much I am in love with this nature. I stopped walking and lie down on sand such that tides of water can touch me.I intended to feel nature but my feelings for her was more grater than my desire to enjoy.

As I closed my eyes lots of her memory flashed in. I lost in memories of her and forgot meaning of time.Whenever I thought about her I felt like I have everything that I supposed to have.

First tide came and reach up to my waist,then return.I became wet.Due to force of that wave, sand beneath my body slightly slipped away,dragging me towards it.

In real I was alone there but my sweet memories about her had not been let me feel alone for a slightest moment.She has been with me all the time ever I thought her.I wrapped my fingers round and found only wet sand in my palm not the palm of my dear I was thinking about.I really care for her. And I would have cared only if she had been with me. But she was not.

Waves of sea was striking with rocks as her memories was striking my mind.Wave was causing sound and her memories was generating exhilaration in me.Another tide came.This time it succeed to reach up to my chest.I was sure that true love must not have any reason.It should be unconditional.And I found my heart beating faster without any reason. A surest sign that I am in love with her.

 Still I have my eyes closed feeling everything around and within.

Actually I was in search of such way of proposal that she can not denied. I don’t want to lose her and I don’t have enough endurance to withstand pain of losing her.I did’t known how she felt for me and I have not dare to express her my feeling directly.In past I had tried for meeting with her but at each chance my fortune proved poor to see her.We have never meet face to face.

 So I had to find some way to tell her these all.

My eyes were closed while thinking it, a heavy wave reach up to my nose and salty water reached inside my nose. It resisted me to breathe for a while. I knew it well that mankind has nothing against power of nature. Even though knowing it, I challenged the wave that had disturbed my breathing….I thought.

 ” If I had to choose weather to breathe or to love you, I would use my last breath to tell you that… I love you.”.Onward that moment not a single wave had dared to reach up to my nose.I wonder that weather it was due to power of my love or due to gravitation of moon? The surrounding nature was trying a lot to distract my thoughts but every time their forces lose against my strong feeling of love.

 As I thought, I found myself like to be with her.

In school days I had been asked frequently by friends, “Why are you behave such heartless ?”

 For this question every time I was at loss of words.I had not developed enough courage to tell them for whom my heart is running. That.That was why I was so heartless.After all I wants her so desperately.

If love requires any trick to convince her then I was sure that I would fail at my proposal. Ultimately I want to win her,not to overcome.

Tears from both eyes trickle down to cheeks blurring my closed eyed imagination. Salted water became more salted because of mix-up with my tears. My face was soaked. Not of sweating ,but of sobbing.

I gathered all my physical strength to stand-up. Those strengths were used to fueled by her attention towards me.I started walking.Waves gently lapping shore and erasing press of my legs I have left back by walking.

My friends were waiting for me. I tried to avoid all my thought and participated with them at sunbath.

After finish with writing my draft I open my personal diary once aging and made a note just below the previous one.

 

 

__END__

