Short Story Love in a Mist

It was one of those days of my life –which seemed dull and uninteresting.  Even when I knew the reason behind such dull moments, I was helpless in not rectifying them. But a thought actively lingered in my heart. It was about my Avantika’s marriage, which was about to take place in two weeks. My thoughts were completely about her. On that day, I came back from office and started watching the cricket match happening between India and Australia. Even my favorite cricketer’s delightful square-cuts didn’t please me as much as they should, as my past memories were strong enough to pull me back from the present…

For months, I was travelling between the questions of the mind and the answers of the heart. That day was one such day. ‘Should I explain her state of mind I was undergoing’, ‘should I tell her the relationship between us is more than that of friendship’, ‘would that be ethical to speak to her, when her marriage was two weeks away’. I was not sure if those questions were really valid. As someone said, ‘When you are in doubt, Just listen to your heart’, after a deep contemplation, I dialed her number.  She picked my call at the third occurrence. We started off with the routine regards for each other. She then remained silent for a few minutes and then to my surprise, she initiated, ‘….Don’t you miss me these days…. and there was not a single day when I never thought about you. How good it would be had we extended our relationship…’ Her statements were intriguing and surprising.

I replied, ‘Hey, I thought you won’t like it’.

‘Stop that! Did I say that, I never considered you just like any other friend. I knew the relationship was special and meant something more! Didn’t you realize it?’

‘Then, why didn’t you call me’

‘I knew you had plans of pursuing M.S.; I wanted you to be focused. I don’t want you to lose an opportunity, because of me!’

We understood that we had taken special care in not hurting each other, by killing our own intentions. Then, we started to open up ourselves and spoke on issues that we never touched upon. All the impending problems appeared to be solvable and could be managed. The conversation was heavenly and we arrived to final settlement.

‘So, what about your marriage’

‘As someone said, when you are truly in 

, all the problems would appear trivial!’ ‘I can manage them’, she boastfully said, and teased, ‘Hey why did you call me?’

‘As someone said, it is a crime to hurt your loved ones!’

We unleashed a new energy in ourselves!

__END__

