Love Short Story – LAST LEAP

Photo credit: 

 from 

The wind was at its speed domain. I could hear Tanya’s wailing. She remained silent until I gave her a ‘relax’ type – of – expression.

“Hey,now it’s safe here. We can come out safely.”

As I came out of the verandah with tanya, I couldn’t stand there for more. I tried to run past the doorway in the hall. She reluctantly did so and came running alongside. As we were about to escape from the place,we halted on hearing a voice from behind.

“I caught you kiran chacha !. Now you have to buy ten toffees that you’ve promised me.”

“Arey tarun beta, I’ll get them soon for you.”

Then she drifted along fastly in her brand new customised Jaguar car. I don’t know it’s model number yet. Later on that very night, she called me at 10pm to see if I was awake or not.

“Hi honey! Care for a drink tomorrow ?”she said so cutely that I felt like kissing her entire buttery-smooth face.

“Don’t you get that sweetie. We are supposed to marry in a week or more. So, let’s get practical. I can’t come over you right now. I am sorry tanu.”

I have no words to tell how I felt when I rejected her smoothly. She neither pleaded me nor she bursted on me. I couldn’t figure her out. I called her back and said “I will come tomorrow certainly. I have something special for you!.”

I thought of presenting a diamond ring before we get engaged. This wasn’t a sudden decision. It was preformed by me earlier ago. I made up my mind that I have to present ring by tomorrow.

“Tanya, you wouldn’t believe that I was caught by tarun, na?.”

“I wouldn’t say so, baby !” she ridiculed me. She loved throwing gags and jokes on me. I loved the way she used to do so as to mock at me. I felt like I am the top of the world when I made tanu(I prefer calling her by tanu) laugh. I need to know her interests that are common in both of us.

“I have to rush now . Papa is arriving today. Bye baby.”

I put my cheek forward as she landed a dozen kisses down the right cheek near my neck. I gave her a sleek look . Tanya couldn’t resist being apart from me that instant.

The next day, I roamed through many jewellery shops but I couldn’t find a ring that pleased me. I finally found one pretty ring in the dusk of the day. On my way to home, I witnessed a horrible accident on a 4 way junction. There an old man was hurt badly . I had no alternative but to admit him to a nearby hospital. I felt pity on him. I prayed for him to get well soon and recover from his injuries. On reaching the hospital, I was asked to pay for his medical expenses, as I thought. I had no secondary thought, but to do so. I felt proud of myself on doing so. Just then my mobile flashed “Tanya baby calling”. I think she knew my plan for buying a ring for the engagement. I was too scared lift the call. But I had no choice left.

“Hey baby! I was thinking of you just now”.

MY MIND told me “Going to flirt mode.”

“Honnie. I miss you a lot.” I managed the call by making some silly excuses. But thanks to myself, as the old man survived. I really thanked god for saving him. It was the first time in my life that I have saved a man’s life and I feel proud.

On the day of engagement, I presented a gold ring to my life partner. She hadn’t asked me about the ring, but her eyes showed the inner meaning. I confessed in front of the people gathered for the occasion. “I need to confess one thing that I have hidden from you.”

I began telling the whole incident because the situation demanded me to do so. I couldn’t figure out what was running in everyone’s mind, but tanya had to say one thing. “I really love you for your kindness. I feel proud of you, but I need to know that you should never hide any incident from me whether good or bad.”

Saying this, she hugged me tightly as I could feel her warmth. It was indeed the LAST LEAP that I have done in my single life.

__END__

