Love Story – From The Bus Stop

Photo credit: 

 from 

Like a Northern Star her love was fixed and inflexible as from every beat of heart she listened her lover Michael, felt every shift of Michael’s presence in her life but rude , crude and ruthless Michael left her in the dark lone  where thousands of teats  from the corner of her dark eyes’ lids came out to flow  after making wet her two rosy cheeks  in which  if a stain mother cane out to stay, the heart of the mother received a wound of disappointment and made her to be sparkled with fury and rushed towards her daughter who was stricken by the pierce arrow of cupid and fell in love with Michael.

There was wet dark miserable day when clouds were busy  to make all hue and cry .The huge rainfall  flooded the land .Under the shade shop Lona was waiting for bus. Her destination was to college. Bus came in proper time, From the bus a man came down with his fluttering eyes  but he contained a very hand some look with his watery blue eyes although they were in fluttering that time. He overwhelmed with the beauty of  Lona. But Lona did not  see him and passed him with deep ignorant attitude toward him, but Michael fell in love with her at the bless of his first sight and the cupid expected such  from him. Lona with her loosened hair and wet dress was disappeared from the eye sight of Michael. After than he  helter -skelter searched him . After that turn of life  the image of Lona was carried with him in eating time, in his sleeping hour in the bed at night.

The first turn of Michael propose of  love toward Lona was turned down bitterly with her hateful eyes. After that the life of Michael , as if, stopped its every response of eating, sleeping and in front of the crush of cruel fate he was taken into the jaw of unrecoverable disease that made him as a bed ridden man. Lona’s soft heat then, nodded in front of Michael ‘s love with her assurance  to accept the love  of Michael. How much she loved her, she didn’t show in her mouth speech. Her love for him was not counted by any thing  that is traced in our world except her death for him.

They started to enjoy every possible happiness after love love comes in their life . It was pubs in which they spent a merry-making moment.Visit to disco that  Lona never visits before, being loser from the heart  she was  not shaken in scare. She started to meet with him in the lover’s park in which , all hue and  cry of lovers  filled the every trees  keeping their leaves in shake. The white and red roses  became the witness of their  love carefully, put flowers on  tight hair of his ladylove . It was a jubilant  for Lona when Michael with his opened smiles that marked upon his face . A boundless glad touched the mind of Lona , where  her previous  afraid to come to the  park which was  pointed out as the lovers’ park.Under the clean blue heaven  they did not keep shake  to spend their  days of love.

But cruel fate thought for them  an agony of separation . Suddenly Michael left her in the dark curse of living alone with her broken heart. Michael by a call of phone  was informed that his mother fell in death bed. In the absence of him months after months took all the business of his father, on his hand, Michael lost in grim with a sense of loss where mother came to be seen in the death bed and father’s business had gone from their hand. For the sake of filling his own happiness he had been enforced to face dooms day where love bale  mother breathed at last. A sense of  guilty become a part of his life, So, he set off  a journey that would be  endless and aimless.

Lona came to wait  in bus stand as this bus stand suddenly brought for her a memorable meeting with him. Collecting hopes in her mind she came toward the bus stand and asked , “Uncle , have you seen him.”

“Who was to come in.”

“Michael ”

“From last month he was not coming.”

Her eyes started to ramble here and there hoping if a flash of him came  to her.  Her heart succumbed  into broken She prayed  ,”O .queen of dark   don’t give such darkness of life.”

__END__

