Love Short Story – Came back

“Aira please think once again about it. I request you” said Rhythm.

“Don’t you worry my darling. I will come back” replied Aira.

Aira and Rhythm both are doctors serving in the Indian army. Aira was one of the finest trauma surgeons Indian army had ever produced. Aira took voluntary posting in the war zone. She rather fought for this posting. She wasn’t given the posting as she was a girl even though she was the best in her field. Finally she was given the posting after ahe stood up against this discrimination and went to the higher authorities.

Aira was the only daughter of Retd. Colonel Sen. Aira’s inspiration to get into the army was her father but she surpassed her own inspiration. She became even better doctor than her father. She was the pride of her parents.

She met Rhythm when she was doing her bachelor’s degree in medicine.  Rhythm was in the same batch with her. Rhythm is an introvert. He didn’t get along with everyone. Aira was completely opposite of Rhythm.  She could befrien anyone. The first person who spoke with Rhythm was Aira. Rhythm spoke back.  Soon both became friends and gradually fell in love.

Rhythm was an orphan and he didn’t have anyone else than Aira. He’s a very soft hearted person. He didn’t want to lose Aira.  So he tried to persuade her to change her decision but Aira was adamant.  She promised to come back and left for the base camp. Rhythm couldn’t accompany her as neurosurgeons were needed in the hospitals as there were very few doctors available in the hospitals due to the war.

Finally the war subsided. One day while Rhythm was checking on a post operative patient his junior came running to him and informed that he was being called by Col. Singh, Aira’s boss. He guessed that there was some news on Aira. He completed the checkup of the patient and ran to Colonel’s room. One step was seeming to take one hour for Rhythm.  He finally reached the room. He opened the door.  He saw Aira’s parents sitting there.  His heart started beating even faster.

Colonel Singh escorted Rhythm along with Aira’s parents to the ground. Yes Aira came back. She kept her promise of coming back even if wrapped in the tricolour. Aira’s parents were strong. They saluted their brave daughter.  Rhythm was very soft hearted. He was shattered from within.  He was about to fall when his friends held him. He could only think about Aira’s words before she left, ‘I wil come back.’ She definitely came back. She kept her promise.  She came back…

__END__

