Love Story – Dream Girl

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It is a lonely road. No sign of life but I can hear the noise of crickets chirping, frogs croaking. Its raining very lightly and all I wish is some hot tea, some smoking hot pakodas and someone to talk with, for entire life. I am walking down the road going towards the bus stop which is few metres away. The ambience making it like a Bollywood love song.

‘ its pouring down and I am just walking with Deepika Padukone along the road. Not knowing where to go, just me and her talking, teasing, her hand in mine and without any hesitance we walk and walk. So romantic’.

The thought really brings a smile so wide which is unmatchable but the reality of the life brings me to my senses. Its a phone call from my mom and like any other mom she asks me when are you getting back. Like any other son I say, don’t worry I will be back soon. I walk and walk and I can see the bus stop situated at some distance and I could also see a someone standing there. But suddenly like someone’s in anguish and within no time the sky literally comes pouring down as the clouds cannot bear it any longer. I start running towards the stop and suddenly I realise why I don’t have my motorcycle.

I eventually reach to the stop, I look back and evaluate the distance I covered. I realise that I ran my stamina out which I generally never do, even on treadmill. I laugh within myself and then I turn towards the other side. I have never seen anything like that. A mesmerizing beauty she was. I am really out of my mind because never in my life I saw a girl like her.

I walk towards her and stand besides her although what I crave was she should be holding my hands and would really shout out to everyone that he is my soul mate. I see her she sees me, gives a smile and I really felt a arrow going through my heart like cupid just struck me. I see her again controlling my senses. She is tall, fair like cream. Her cheeks like that of a nimbus cloud. Her hair long, dense, like the night sky embedded with all the stars that I could wish to, eyes like sea, intoxicating and her lips like petals of the most soft, beautiful rose ever. She is wearing a red colored cropped gown and heels. Her hands like that of a limbs of the tree swaying with the wind.

I again travel back to the dream sequence. Never ending roads, my motorcycle, clouds- black waiting to open gates. I am riding and her hands around my waist. She giggles, laugh and murmurs in my ears and her voice feels like the sweetest voice ever. Just like a chirp of a sparrow. She is innocent, fragile and the only thing she wants is me. I am proudly riding my ride, with the happiness like never before. I come back to my senses and I could see her again. A strand of hair drops on her cheeks and the she gracefully lifts her hand and puts that to the back of her ear. The sight really lits my heart. Its like on fire and I realise that if I have wish for anything in my life. It will be her.

Everything is going like a movie and I imagine what I would do.’ I would approach to her, she smiles, I smile and we talk and talk. The bus comes bangs horn, but we are completely drown in each other. In a moment I was literally awaken by the sound of a horn. It was a black car, a BMW. I don’t pay attention but it stops at the place. The girl starts walking towards the car and like the biggest disappointment ever a boy comes out, hugs, kisses on her cheeks. I could feel my heart pain and I think that I should be the one kissing her.

A moment to see her for the last and she along with the boy gets into the car and roars away. I remain there standing, thunderstruck, realising him to be the one she was waiting for, I just stand like a lifeless creature. But like earthquake shakes me, I see a man besides me with a hand on my shoulder he says

 ” bhai Teri ghanti baj rahi hai.”

” tumne bhi suna ??”

“Abe tere phone Ki ghanti……… Pagal hai kya?”

It is my phone ringing. It was mom and like any other mom she asks when are you getting back and I, like any other son i reply that don’t worry I will be back soon. It was a epic failure.

__END__

