Short Love Story – Good and Bad surprise

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

It was around 6.30 am. I heard a noise from the window, it was street dog’s bark. I woke up tiredly, still I felt like sleeping I thought to sleep for few more minutes. Again I heard an another thunder, that was my mom’s shout. She shouted to wake me up, But I didn’t gave a single response slept like a dead body. While I had a nice dream with my lover Reethu. Even god has no wish to continue my dream, suddenly there was silence around me when looked over, there was power cut. I sweated like as if I had taken bath. Out of all I would have to get ready to start to office.

I Got ready, only thing that I would have to do is ‘breakfast’. That was idly which I hate all the time the most. Out of mind I had my breakfast. Finally, I started to office. Out of all these, like magic I got some energy because I remembered of my Reethu and messaged her “good morning dear”.

She replied the same, then I asked her what are you doing? She didn’t reply . But I kept sending her message “I am on the way to office”…

I got bus to office. Badly I was squeezed, with worst rush in the bus. Somehow I reached the destination my bus stop. Somebody was calling me behind “sir” before I turned, a girl picked my hand with embrace and she was in confusion. It embarrassed me, before I started to question her she confessed “sorry sir I need a help, I am engaged with a person a day before he is coming behind me to watch me I am not interested in that marriage so please act as my boyfriend so that marriage can be call off”.

I didn’t mind to help as she was innocent and looks pretty. I didn’t notice that My bad time has followed me. I had a great shock that my Reethu was coming before me. This girl left the place said “bye” after her boy friend left the place who was watching us.

I knew that time surely I have to see the thunder coming in front of me. I started explaining but Reethu didn’t listen she started speaking, I found that she noticed everything that I spoke with a girl she was clingy with me. But I had no hope, and I didn’t expect her she thought to surprise me, but I gave her really a bad surprise. She shouted “who is she? How long is it going? “ I explained her everything. But she didn’t get compromised.

Very next day I started to office from home. I saw Reethu on my stop. I knew that, She came to watch me(detect) out of doubt. I got her place I asked with pity smile “what was the reason to come here”.

She hadn’t compromised then. Again I heard a same voice as I heard a day before the day, the same girl appeared before me, Reethu was staring at me. Reethu’s heart beat started beating like a drum kit. I have no words and reaction. That girl started speaking “ helo sir, I am thankful to you my marriage got called off, as I am already in love I am not interested in that marriage so only I asked you to give me a company yesterday and may I know who is she? “ she asked about Reethu.

I said “Reethu is my lover”.

She thanked me“ok well very very thanks to you and you both should invite me for your marriage, hmmm ok bye” and then she left the place.

Now Reethu’s heart (drum) stopped its high pitch beat. She smiled at me with deep long breathes, gave me a big hug and she went home happily.

__END__

