Sometimes very simple incidents in our life we encounter ,leave us with some deepest impact which really make us perplexed and even sometimes clueless. We just remain  a spectator ,sit and watch it happening …! We come across many love stories but a few of them remain fossilized within , they are complete or incomplete doesn’t really catch our attention than its journey…yes a journey of two hearts being one ! Here is one such story that even my senses would love to recite again and again…!

16 april, her cell was kept on silence when it rang for twice..and then again ! This time her dark eyes  somehow caught the attention of its flash light and she picked up the  mobile but before she could even speak  hello! A warm yet husky manly voice uttered from other side, ‘’ hello..Kabir here- kbiir khan!’ you Noorie? Right!’’

For a moment she was lost in his voice , getting herself back promptly she answered, ‘’oh yeah..i remember ! I mailed you for joining your painting sessions …so ahh you read my mail? Thank you !’’ ( with a sign of relief)

He said very eagerly,’’yes sure, I would love you to join my painting sessions whenever I organise it here at my place !’’. And then he went on…saying, you know Noorie! I have understood the art of painting from my own experiences…I have been into paining from last 10 years…and I always love to share my learnings !’’ Noorie was amazed to see the comfortness he had in talking to her ,from his very first conversation with her !

She was silently hearing him from the other side…not just his words but also his voice. His voice mixed with words conveyed more than what he was saying…! Something that was touching her senses ..something that was reaching deep into her mind – knocking her heart!

‘’Why don’t you join my exhibition that is going to be organized next month !’’ he said.

“Hello Noorie! Are you there ?”

‘’Oh yeah ..h ! just listening you !’’ she said after a blank pause. ‘’Exhibition- that’s great !! I would love to be there when and where is it ?’’ she tried to ask very formally.

Though deep inside there were cupcake bubbles and butterflies moving inside her stomach! she was waiting for this day !yes the day to not just see his paintings but also meet him- meet the great Artist Kabir Khan, himself in person!

‘’I will inform you the dates Noorie! By that time you can also visit my website! Just note down..’’!

He was about to say, and then Noorie interrupted him saying ,’’I know ..K..SIR!’’(hesitant to address by name)

‘’So see you then! Be in touch!’’, he said.

‘’Sure, I will! Ok bye!’’, she said

“Bye ,Noorie! Take care!’’

‘’Yeah… you too !’’ she said!

Somehow Noorie was profoundly driven by the word ‘Take care’! It sounded as if his voice is asking to be cared! Noorie was  deeply touched by the painful string in his voice of stillness . It seemed as if she know him from a very long time.There was so much of care and warmth in his voice yet , she tried to ignore it and pretended to be very normal to herself.

She had seen him in newspapers . Some of them she had cut and preserved those in one file.  In fact she has almost all the photographs of his paintings kept within its periodical order with its theme.

Kabir was more than a tall, handsome , dusky man to Noorie ! His long hair combed backward with a pony tail at back , light beard with moustache  and his magnetic eyes could mesmerize any lady towards his charismatic charm! Yet to Noorie it was his paintings first that created the magic of closeness ! She could meet another Noorie through his creation, thoughts, ideas…deeply penetrating into her mind and touching her senses.

Noorie heard his voice for the first time, on that day..! She could still feel the echo of his voice! She was eagerly waiting to meet that man in person whose voice could be so intense  !

(Just a week ago the day of meet)

A sms pops in her cell no . It was of Kabir khan..

Written, ‘’coming next week –exbihition dates 19 to 21!’’

She was in the seventh sky for a while after reading that msg.

This one week seemed to be so long. Her impulses were restlessly counting days- hours- mintues!

Finally her waits ends!

19 april, 10 am.. she called Kabir …

‘’Hello sir! Noorie here , !’’

‘’Oh ..hi Noorie! Exibhibition inaugural at 6.30 in the evening’’

‘’Yeah I know …I read about it! Near Nirmaan complex , Kalakriti cultural hall !yes ?’’ She said. ‘’I just wanted to enquire if you have reached on not.’’She said !

‘’Yes Noorie …i Have ! I Have checked in at Hotel Shalimar just couple of hours ago! So, see you in the evening ! bye!’’ He said.

Noorie was eagerly waiting for this day. It was truly a big day for her . She was going to meet that man in person whose paintings, creation has touched her essence!

(The evening time- Kalakriti cultural hall)

She arrived in a black saree with pink border. Her silky black hair was touching her waistline, And oh ! her killer eyes inside  black kajal!

She arrived ! As she took the stairs up..she could find a small crowd of cultured folk surrounding  someone  and asking for autograph…mostly female. As she entered ,  could see his face very clearly. That was kabir! Making her way through the crowd she was moving closer to Kabir.

Kabir had never seen her , not even her photo, so it was difficult for him to recognize Noorie in that crowd.  Yet a women in black saree with dusky looks caught his attention.

She came closer to him and stretched her left hand with a note pad , and looking straight into his eyes she asked,’’autograph please!’’

For a moment Kabir was lost in her deep winely eyes!

He tried to be firm and asked reluctantly,’’ Your name ?’’

“Noorie !’’

An electrifying wave travelled upward his spine! He was unable to decide how to behave, how to react ?

Noorie  understood ! she helped him to be comfortable…She said with a lighter mood (as if nothing happened),’’Oh ! just cant believe my eyes ,meeting you in person ! Eagerly waiting to see your paintings…!’’

‘’Sure!..come’’! he said

They went on looking at the paintings one after another !

They both were so involved in the conversation on each painting ! Their theme -their thought were so similar. Noorie knew this from earlier. But for Kabir it was something new …every expression on his face showed the language of wonder ! Everything around was so happening , full of crowd and voices, yet two of them were able to drown in their  world of togetherness and intense communication.

Noorie stopped to one painting of Kabir with an expression of belongingness.

‘SERENITY ‘! What an lovely piece of art mixed with thought ! ‘’She said

‘’ When the Sea Blue and sky blue meet in the horizon of Love ,what it whispers is ‘SERENITY’! isn’t it,? She said with a twinkle in her eyes.

‘’oho ! my goodness ! how did you catch my thought!’’ -its all Blue’’ he exclaimed with awe.

With a poetic expression she uttered,‘’Will thy creation sprinkle a brush of serenity over me’’!

‘’Oh! Poetry…thats nice , ! This Serenity is never mine…Noorie!’’-he said (with a pain in his voice)

Looking straight into his eyes she asked,’’Then whose’’!

He smiled , and said with a pause ,’’may be…..yours!’’

She was expressionless for a moment …looking still at his face ! As if ,in need to ask something…say something ! And then suddenly someone very rightfully pat his back and called up, ‘’hi kabir !’’

Kabir turned back and exclaimed with a smile,’’Oh! You my dear !’’

‘’Noorie! Meet my friend Vibha!’’

She smiled and greeted one another.

Noorie was feeling uncomfortable, she stepped back silently from their conversation. She was amazed by the comfortness in their behaviour…as if they were truly close friends. She realised the aroma of his presence was now also shared by someone else , stolen by someone else fragrance. And finding that someone else to be a significant other in Kabir’s life , she was splintering inside.

Why? Even Noorie had no answer. Kabir hardly knows her, She is just an admirer of his art ! Then why she is feeling indifferent? Why is her senses trying to cry out something more? She wanted to escape that situation.

‘’Its late now ! I think , should leave !’’ she said

“Why? Its 9 now !’’ he said

‘’My mother must be waiting for me, we dine together !’’ She said

‘’Okay then ! see you tomorrow!’’ he said.

Noorie left ! All through her way towards home only Vibha , her smile , her gracious look , her closeness with Kabir was wandering in her mind ! She refused to dine and went in her room straight.She kept thinking whole night about kabir and his conversation with her , and again also vibha and kabir! She was restless, confused unble to sleep ! And then finally she started looking at those paintings of kabir she clicked in  the exhibition. Those paintings seemed to be  lullaby. She went to sleep silently.

Next morning when she got up , it seemed she was very relaxed and found all the answers of her missing blanks! Though she was supposed to go for the exhibition yet she remained occupied to other work and managed to escape the day without a meet with Kabir !

21 st morning at 9.am there was a call from Kabir.

‘’Hi Noorie, what happened ? You didn’t come yesterday! I was… I mean we were waiting for you in the evening !’’ He said.

‘’Yeaaa… Some work came about suddenly so had to drop it! I have text you a sms…!’’ She said

“Hmmn … do come today ! Will wait for you…’’ he said

“Sure! I will ‘’,she said

Noorie was busy with some painting from a couple days which she was unable to complete. Something was incomplete, missing in it ! Yesterday after getting up in the morning she completed that painting and at the back of its canvas wrote a few lines, just at the middle!

She wrapped the painting properly with old newspapers before leaving for the exhibition !

(Evening time)

This time she dressed in pink not to impress anyone but to be just her true self ! she was so poised and calm this time. When she reached there ,as usual Kabir was surrounded by his fans and art lovers! Kabir’s eyes were searching her for so long. But this time Noorie’s eyes framed both Kabir and Vibha together! The fragnance of her, surrounded him, as she stopped just before him ! Noorie was just about to address…then

‘’Its already 8 pmm Noorie”! Moving his wrist towards her he said with a rightlful voice showed to someone very close !

“Oh …yeah…ahh am really sorry ! an unfinished project was there to be completed …was busy with that!’’ she said ( looking towards Vibha and Kabir both)

Vibha responded before Kabir ,and said,’’ Its okay Noorie, work is more important!’’ ( by that time kabir again busy with his other art admirers )

With a mild smile on her face Noorie asked , ‘’You both are very good friends !’’

“Who? Kabir and I ? oh yeah we are close friends from years! ‘’Vibha said in a rightful voice. “Kabir is very absentminded from his college days…while doing painting he used to forget everything… eating  , sleeping.. ! Even now ,he is like that !’’

Noorie said ,’’yeah his paintings are so intense…..!’’

She was about to continue more about his paintings but Vibha interrupted and again started talking about Kabir!

Noorie understood both have unfolded kabir in different shades. Kabir in the eyes of Vibha holded a more real colours of life..What he is actually as a person! But Noorie never  came across this Man…He is still a stranger to her,! She knows him only through his paintings…his painted strokes of coloured shades has impacted so intensely that she could recognize only that Kabir ! Still , she was somewhere happy and relaxed! The Kabir, she possessed , no one could take away from her..not even kabir himself!

Her senses were so deeply diluted in the colours of his paintings that no one could ever separate her from him!

It was  already 9 ! Time to depart !! Almost all guests ,visitors, followers left by that time. It seemed an empty world of paintings …where each painting now has broken their spell of silence and craving to say its story!

“Okay then Vibha and sir !’’ she said

Noorie turned to leave …”listen ! Noorieee!!’’ kabir said, “There is something to gift you’’!

‘’Me…’’with a surprise on her face !

‘’Yea..you! wait …don’t go , let me bring !’’

Noorie came outside near her car…was still in dilemma whether she should gift him the painting or not !

Kabir came a bit hurriedly… holding a painted canvas in his hand !

He said,’’ SERENITY for you’’ !

She was speechless!!.. neither her lips nor eye lids were expressing anything ! For a moment it seemed the soul was craving to come out of the body and embrace him!

She uttered with an intense voice after a pause…

‘’SERENITY…To me ?…aaah WHY!’’

‘’Hmmmn.. becoz you gave it to me !! Now no more questions!!Come on take it! ‘’( with a warmth in his voice).

Noorie looked at his eyes and said..,’’even I want to give you something! Just a minute’’.

She took out the painting from her car back seat…and said ,’’this , for you !’’

“Oh! My goodness ! painting.. for me…who made it ? you!’’

She nodded her head..hmmhhmm!!don’t open it now Kabir!’’ she said with  a force in her voice.

Looking at each other ,eyes locked …neither blinking nor expressing…so deeply drowned , seemed a calm lake of full moon night! Yet it was all  wild tidal waves of blue ocean inside. If the gates are opened it will all be flooded ! Both were trying so hard to control the magnetic call of senses. It seemed as if both are craving to dissolve, the distance of two feet and hold on  each other in arms as tight as  they were never duo!

Just then Vibha came from inside and said,’’ oh ! you here , !’’

Kabir said,’’ yes dear ! I gifted her one of my painting…and see , she  has gifted us this too !’’

Coming closer to kabir ,holding  his left arm rounded,Vibha replied,’’ So sweet of you Nooriee ! that’s a gift for you from both of us ! ‘’

She smiled ,and said,’’there is a request to you Sir , ‘’will you write something for me on this note pad anything !!’’

“Sure !”

Noorie took out her note pad  from her side purse and stretched it towards kabir!

“Pen??”

“Yeah…I have !’’Noorie  hurriedly  searched for a pen and gave it to him!

That was when for the first time Noorie touched him! His finger tips were even softer than a painting brush just like a baby!

Kabir wote a few lines on it with his name penned ‘ 

’!

Noorie looked at them and said,’’you both look lovely together. Nice meeting you two, bye!’’

“Contact me before the next painting session! See you !’’ said kabir!

Noorie left ! Started her car … bid a bye to this meet forever ! She took with her all his aroma, voice of warmth, intense touch, a piece of art and his penned ‘autograph’! She was taking, all of KABIR with her, bit other way , with neither the  desire of possessing nor the fear of losing !With neither spoiling the framed relationship of Him and Vibha , nor with a lingering thought of imposing her beside Him!

Kabir and Vibha too left for their hotel !

Kabir reached his hotel room! It was quite an exhausting day for Kabir !

A waiter came and said( holding the painting ) ,Sir,’’aap yeh taxi mein bhul aya tha’’!

‘’Oh ! haan ..back seat rakh diya tha ! sukriya bhai!’’ patting his back!

Kabir unwrapped the painting. It was a painting of a man with turban and  beard outlining the sharp jaw ! His eyes were very deep and experienced. And his fingers holding a painting brush covering his face except eyes! Kabir’s eyes goes at a glance to only those two sufian eyes and fingers holding the brush ! He turned the back side of the canvas… his eyes strucks – uttering out the words…

‘’When all senses drown in the colours for an alluring creation, Love becomes devotion!’’

Kabir is a master in art !He understood ! For Noorie it was a journey of love from creation to the creator! That which started from his art to her heart and again to her art…enkindling language of senses with an urge to be uttered only through eyes and unfolded by fingers!

Even kabir was unaware …he was so intensely trickled into her senses! Kabir wanted to talk to her ,it was too late! He text a sms…Thank you so much Noorie for this piece of art! You truly gave me ‘SERENITY’!

One sms ring tringed from her bag kept beside her reading table !she opened the bag ,looked at her cell and smiled !  Then suddenly her eyes pauses over  the note pad ! She curiously searches those lines of Kabir! Her eyes stops on to reading those words…

 

‘’When all senses unites to be One, an Artist is Born!’’

——

Her eyes filled with tears! Heart moistened! Drops of tears fell over ‘

 With her watery eyes she gently kissed his name ! That’s when KABIR AND NOORIE taste the salty water together and all their senses meet!

–END–

