Love Story – Always Around You

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

One day a man who was supposed to deliver the paper at George Town area was not well,without any partiality Sukan asked him to take rest and drove that guys vehicle for delivering the newspapers to that area. He delivered the papers at the door step of his customers, accompanied by Parthi his friend. Sukan employed many of his friends for working along with him.

Next day also he goes to the same area for doing the same job, its all because of a girl named Sanjana. On the first day while delivering the newspaper he saw that girl in her home, he was so fond and eager to know about her. After a couple of days his friend Parthi goes to a bank along with Sukan regarding some work. Sukan was surprised to see her working in the bank and was watching her for a quite long time. Parthi gave a sum of money to him and asked him to transfer that money to his account meanwhile Parthi was doing some other work.

When Parthi completed his work,he searched for Sukan as he was not inside the bank.Few seconds later when he saw the managers room, he was shocked to see Sukan and Sanjana speaking with the manager.He came out of room with a big smile and chatting along the way with Sanjana,when Parthi asked for the receipt of his transfer account. Sukan told him that”hey I have opened a new account in this bank”.

Parthi’s face reaction changed and asked him”what about the money?”.

He replied him that”with the help of your money only I opened!!(laughs),I will give you the money tomorrow itself”.

Parthi was puzzled and doesn’t know how to react for it and asks him for the reason regarding the new account.He replies him that”I am in love with Sanjana,I don’t know what to speak with her,that’s why in this way I approached and opened the account”.

Again next day Sukan goes to the bank along with Parthi. Sukan was thinking”how to start the conversation”.He goes to her desk and asks her that he needs to have bank locker for rent.

She says to him that”only after one month of your new account,I can give you because you are a new user”.

Another guy from the same area also came to that bank,he was also in need of a locker and asks her regarding it,he was standing next to Sukan. Suddenly Sukan changes the line by saying that”I don’t need a locker mam,my friend Parthi only needs”.

She laughs and after enquiring about Parthi’s detail she gave him a form to fill.She says to other guy that”there is no empty locker right now”.That guy felt that she gave the locker to them in wanted. Parthi felt somewhat irritated because of him. She asks Parthi to come along with her to the bank locker room to have a look on it,as it was at the basement of the bank.

Suddenly Sukan interfered by saying that”he can’t climb stairs as he is suffering from sprain”.

Parthi looked him in a different manner.Sukan says to her”lets go,instead of him I will come”.

She goes. Suddenly there was power failure and the generators in the bank were also not working.Sukan felt so happy as she was alone with her at that basement,when he switched on his mobile flash light,he was so pleased to see her face in that light as she was that much preety.Parthi thinks in his mind that”for you alone,everything is happening in a perfect manner”.

She asked Sukan not to be worried as the power would turn soon.Sukan replied her with a smile.They both were sitting on the chair which was kept in that room.Within a minute she felt the chair to be shaking.While it shook,she catches his hand for balance.He felt happy for it.And within a fraction of second she sensed that it was supposed to be earthquake and shouted”earthquake!!”.

She catches his hand and runs to upstairs. Since there was lack of brightness in stairs,he slipped while climbing and pulls her down.They both fell down.They both came up and saw,no one was inside the bank.Everyone were standing outside.When Parthi saw him and asked”what happened”.

He told “nothing,it was just an earthquake”.

She was standing next to him.Parthi questioned him”not that da, a lip stamp near your chin?”.

She laughed on seeing it and Sukan too laughs on seeing it through his front mobile camera.Eveyone in the arena were speaking that it was just a minor earthquake.From that moment they both started to speak frequently.

She knows that he was in love with her but didn’t spoke about it to him. She also know that he’s attracting her in some way. One day when he proposed her, she doesn’t know what to say and looked at the floors,when she raised and saw his eyes,she accepted to him and complimented with a smile.Parthi also felt happy for it.He was in love with her so madly and always used to speak with her without seeing time.His friends got so irritated as he was always speaking about her.

After few months they planned for an engagement.As always everything was going in well planned way and their engagement took place.Navas was a big business man in that area.In order to improve his business he applies to get a loan from the bank where she was working.The manager of that bank offered him a huge sum of money which was above the rate of his property.In order to get more gain that manger did but it was against the law.Many of them in that bank didn’t like that as they thought that it may lead to loss.

After their engagement they both first planned to go for a temple,without any topic they were chatting for a long time inside that temple.While leaving her in home,he felt somewhat disturbed and was feeling that he can’t live without her.She also felt something different when he left and went her.

After a week Navas received a letter that his loan has been cancelled,when he enquired to manager regarding it,he told him that”a girl named Sanjana,who is working in our bank has filed a complaint against you for that over limit”.

One day they both went for a long ride in a car,it was a pleasant evening with sea breeze at ECR,with lots of fun they were going in car and Sukan parked his car aside for a break.They were having some stuff and were enjoying that evening.The darkness,moon light and the chill air made them feel so crazy,he moves himself towards her and when he was about to kiss her suddenly both their eye vision was bleached by a light which reflected through the rear mirror.It was a big container lorry,it ran over the car.Both of them were injured he was unable to see her in that situation,she was unable to open her eyes,he tried to stand and fell down.When he open his eyes he came to know that he was in hospital and saw her standing next to him,felt happy for it.

Sukan came back to his normal life after a week and claimed his insurance,the cops were unable to find that container lorry as they didn’t had any clue.Parthi and Sukan were watching film in his house,suddenly Sukan leaves the place by saying that”Sanjana told me to wait at park today eve,I am leaving”.

Parthi saw some strange behaviour in Sukan. After roaming with her,he calls Sanjana to accompany him to pick up his car which he had left in mechanical shop for repairing after that crash.The man who was working in that shop gave him a visiting card by saying that”sir,we found this in your car while repairing”.

Sukan thanked him and drove the car.He showed that card to Sanjana as the card had the name of her working bank with the managers name.She told its not her card and says it might be some one related to her manager.Sukan thinks about that drivers expression which he saw after that crash and considered that accident to be a pre-planned murder.He starts to search that driver and gets few information from her.While he gathered information from her he had doubt on Navas.He meets Parthi after a long time and says to him everything,he also says that”Sanjana is worried about me a lot,I don’t know what to do,there is nothing to be worried on me”.

Parthi moves silently without saying anything.Sukan starts to watch at Navas activities.He saw some good activities in him.

Sukan goes with Sanjana to a restaurant and was chatting with her,suddenly Navas came to that place and interfered them. He sat opposite to Sukan and asked him”how are you?”.

Sukan was in anger with him and he made a phone call to Parthi and asked him to come to that place.Navas was continuously speaking with him,Parthi came in to the restaurant and greeted Navas. Sukan was shocked and puzzled when he greeted,he thought that they both were planning something.When Navas enquired about Sukan and Sanjana’s health to him,Sukan replied by saying that”ya,everything is healed right now and Sanjana is also good”.

Navas gave a strange expression on seeing Parthi.He spoke something secretly to Parthi and left the place.Parthi invited Sukan to a place without saying anything.Sukan thought that he is planning something and goes in caution.When Sukan entered the room he was shocked,it was a clinic were Dr.Kenny was doing Psychiatrist treatment.Everyone were present their,they all forced Sukan to sit on the chair.In treatment everyone confirmed that Sukan has been mentally affected temporarily.When he was cured for fifty percent,Parthi explained to him by saying that”wake up Sukan,Sanjana died in that accident long back. Don’t think about her,she is just an illusion for you. No character in word of Sanjana is there for you right now.The visiting card which you showed me belongs to Navas,he was the one who rescued you from that accident,at that time only he dropped his card without noticing.Its only an accident not a planned murder.Come on man,Sanjana died long back….”

While he was speaking,he noticed the tear dropping from his eyes.He wiped it out and cried by hugging at Sukan by saying that”my friend is back”.After few weeks Sukan was completely cured.

He went to his work as always and was eating in a road side shop with Parthi,surprisingly he saw that lorry driver who crashed them before.He ran to catch him and that guy went in his lorry.Parthi came with his bike and asked him to sit so that they can capture him.After a big chase they caught him.That lorry driver told it was just an accident but again when Sukan remembered that drivers reaction,he hits him and asked him to say the truth.The driver told “Sir,sorry it was a planned murder only.I don’t know that guy’s name and I had never saw him.Just spoke through mobile and finished our deal.”

Sukan gets that guys number and makes him a call.After making a prank call to that guy,he says to Parthi that I have heard his voice but don’t know where it was.While going to his bed also he was thinking fully about it,next day morning while going in bike he recognise that guys voice.He calls Parthi and says to him “that voice which we heard in the call was that guy whom we saw before opening our new locker.Remember!! That guy was also asking for a bank locker to Sanjana,she too regretted him.Don’t you…”

Parthi shook’s his head by saying “yes”and they both were thinking about that guy name,after sometime Parthi says to him”ya,got his name.His name is Anton,while speaking to her he said like that only”.

By using his mobile number they confirms his name and gets his address.Parthi told him that”we can say everything to cops”. Sukan accepted to it but really he was not happy with the words told by Parthi.He goes that night to Anton’s house,no one was there except him.On seeing Sukan he was shocked without no conversation they both started to fight.

When Sukan compelled him to say about his intension at that time Anton told him that”Sanjana was residing next to my home from childwood,I was in sincere love with her during my schooling.When I proposed to her in college she neglected me.During our graduation she was about to accept my love.Again when I asked her she told me that she would say after when she gets a good job.In order to admire her again when I came to bank at that time only I saw you and later came to know about the love between you both,which hated me a lot.Later when I came to see her,she neglected and insulted me.I was unable to bare it and that’s why I planned to kill both of you but luckily you escaped”.

Sukan’s anger grew a lot on hearing it.When he went to hit Anton,Anton injured him badly and searched for a object to hit him hardly.Sukan saw an image close to Anton and was unable to see it clearly when he wiped his eyes,he was shell shocked to see Sanjana again.He thought whether he was losing something within himself.Anton screamed like anything on looking her and told that”how many ever times you come,I will kill you”.He took that hard object to hit her,fells down and injures himself.Anton anger grew a lot and when he went close to her,she hits and kills Anton.Sukan was still in confused state and later realises it to be the spirit of her.She leaves by waving her hands(saying bye)on seeing him.

He goes out of that house and later cops close that case by saying it to be suicide.Parthi and everyone feels happy for it.Again when Parthi invited Sukan to a place,Sukan saw him with a strange look.

Parthi says to him”don’t stare at me,its all your dad’s arrangement”.

When Sukan entered the room,he comes to know that his dad as seen an alliance for him.He feels shy on seeing that girl and speaks something about her to Parthi.After some time when he spoke personally to her,he asks”sorry for asking this,may I know your name please?”

She laughs and replied”Sanjana…”.

Sukan in turn replies”Sanjanaaa…Hmm…”

__END__

