His tall, slim, silky dark hair and dark skinned guy with a cute smile. Who wouldnt fall for that?

Well Ana did. She fell for Jared the first time she saw him at her working place. They both work in the same company but in different working fields. Ana was not comfortable with her figure, so she never tells or shows her affection to anyone. Being a plus size girl, tall with curly hair, Ana always keep her figure hidden by wearing long skirts and dresses.

Jared has no idea how Ana feels about him, but they are friends and help each other in needy times. Browsing through his Facebook profile Ana discover that Jared had been courting a girl in his working field. She was not surprised because no girl would not fall for his looks. She played a neutral part of being a friend.

One day, Ana decided to pay a visit to Jared working field. He welcomed her and stood really close to her. She felt weird with all that was happening. But she managed to control herself. She tried to become a really good friend, but her feelings are the opposite. Jared never really cared much about her because they just recently knew each other.

Ana couldn’t hold her feelings anymore so she decided to tell him how she feel. She waited and waited for the right time and finally the time came. It was during her night shift. It was a quite night. All paper works have been done. There was no more work to do. Everyone was just chilling and doing some of the next day work. She knew that it was time for her to approach Jared and tell him all that she felt from the past five years.

As she walked towards him, her heart beat faster and her hands become cold and she was shivering even though it was not a cold night. She was nervous. Jared was only 2 feet away and looking at her with a smile on his face. He knew she was coming towards him. Ana suddenly couldn’t hear anything and felt like she was in a tunnel. Her breathing starts to accelerate. She couldn’t do it. She stopped and turned, but she couldn’t walk away any further as Jared called out her name, “Ana”.

She stood still with her papers next to her chest. “Yes”, she slowly murmured. ” Did you want something from me” asked Jared. She knew that she is not a good liar, so she have to admit. “Yes” with a sigh. Jared walked towards her knowing that something was wrong with Ana. As he came closer, Ana could already feel him and was startled when he laid his hands on her shoulder. Jared was surprised by her reaction. “Ana are you ok? What happened?” Ana slowly turned around and found her shelf too close to him. “I am sorry Jared” and she walked away.

Few days passed by and Ana did not report to work. Jared knew that there was something really wrong with Ana. He decided to pay her a visit in the evening straight after work. Later that day, Shelly, Jared’s girlfriend had asked him out for a movie. So Jared was not able to pay a visit to Ana. Ana report to work the next day. She decided to distance her shelf from Jared because her feelings was getting nowhere. Jared was so happy to see her at work.

“Ana!!!!!” he shouted with a loud voice running towards her. He grabbed her and hugged her so tight that she was struggling to breath.

“Where have you been? I have been waiting for you and never saw you since that night. What happened Ana?”

Ana dashed out with tears streaming down her cheeks. Jared went after her, grabbed her and pull her close to his chest. “Ana, please just tell me whats wrong and we will sort it out”

In a soft low voice Ana whispered ” I Love You”.

Jared took one step back with a shock looking face.

“What?” Ana thought he would scold her but instead he chuckles ‘Huh’  “Oh Ana, so that’s what this is all about”

Jared went close to her and whispered something in her ears. Ana’s face lit up with a smile. She turned back to watch Jared walked away. Things started to lighten up for Ana. She was happy throughout the day. Evening came and she was dressed in a red long shinny dress with her hair tied up. Jared has asked her out on a date. There was a horn sound outside and she dashed downstairs to find her mum opening the door to welcome Jared. Jared entered and his eyes caught the curvy figure dressed in long red shiny dress which made his jaw dropped. “Wow,Ana. You look amazing” Ana started to blush and replied ” Thank you, so do you”

They made their way into the car and drove off to dine for the night. Their reception was made in “Channel Restaurant”. The night was cold and the music was soothing to the ear. It was a romantic night for Ana. Later in that evening while driving home, Jared started to tell Ana about his feelings. “Ana, I am sorry. I already have a girlfriend”

Ana did not allow him to go any further as she interrupted in an angry voice. “Stop the Car!!!!!” Jared quickly put on the brakes and Ana got off the car. Jared begged her to come back in but Ana was in such anger that she wouldn’t. “Why did you bring me out tonight? Why did you put so much hope in me? I don’t want to talk to you. Just leave me alone”. The night ended in such sadness and sorrows. Jared went to a club and started drinking till he couldn’t feel his hands anymore. He fell to the ground and was rushed to the nearby hospital where he was pronounced ‘Dead’.

The next morning, Ana went to work hopping to get answers as to why Jared did that to her. She looked everywhere and couldn’t find him. No one at his working place knew about his passing. Later in that afternoon, there was an announcement for an urgent meeting. Everyone gathered up and in a mourning voice, their boss announced the passing of Jared. Ana couldn’t believe what she heard and insisted on going to Jared house to find the truth. The boss accompanied her with other friends to Jared house and found families and friends of Jared mourning for his loss. Ana fainted on the spot and was rushed to the hospital where she got better again.

She returned to work the next day. Jared’s friends were clearing his locker. Ana found herself lonely. She couldn’t do her work properly. Jared’s friends and families came to his work place to clear his desk and took some of his work remaining s home. Ana cried day and night wishing that she could see him once more and hear his voice once more. She could still recall the day he hugged her and the smell of his perfume. Ana later realized that she couldn’t do anything to bring him back.

It was a raining day with black umbrellas everywhere and black dresses. It was the day of funeral. The day where Jared will be laid to rest and will never return. Ana was standing under the umbrella with her mum when Jared’s friend came towards her holding on to a hard cover book. It was Jared’s diary where he writes his everyday activities. Jake, Jareds friend brought it to her. “I think you should have this” as he handed Jared’s diary to her. Ana was surprised and was eager to read all that he has written.

They returned home and Ana ran upstairs to her bedroom to read whats written in the diary. To her shock she discover that Jared also had feelings for her and that he was going to tell her on the night they went out dinning. But first he has to tell her about his previous girlfriend. Ana recalled, that he did mentioned that he had a girlfriend but he couldn’t explain further as she interrupted him. Ana felt so depressed. She couldn’t stopped crying. She didn’t ate for a while. She lost weight and eventually she took her own life. Ana passed after two weeks of Jared’s passing.

She left a note saying that we must all hold our anger and give chance for others to explain themselves. Her mum knew what it was all about. Ana was than buried right next to Jared.

–END–

