[Meghana – A Murder Mystery]

Meghana - A Murder Mystery

Read 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

It was almost 2 pm and most of the constables had gone for lunch.

While Vijay was about to go out he got a call from Veeraya …

He was surprised to see Veeraya calling him,as it happens very rarely.

He attended the call, “Yes, Veeraya …”,

“Sir, I’ve to tell you something … a burring fact… I confirmed it today. But don’t know how to tell”, Veeraya’s voice was shaking and Vijay knew it and confused why Veeraya was in this state.

“What is it? Veeraya? Why is your voice shaking?”, Vijay was puzzled.

“It is about your f…” that’s it a big crushing sound came and call got disconnected.

It happened so suddenly that Vijay didn’t know what happened or why the call got cut.

“Hello… hello … Veeraya …are you there?”, Vijay shouted.

After a while he confirmed that call got disconnected. He felt something was really wrong.

“What is it, sir?”, Sunil asked.

Vijay said, “Veeraya called… he was trying to say something … but all of sudden call got disconnected … something is wrong “

“Don’t worry sir… he is always like that even for small things he will worry so much… he will call again”, Sunil smiled.

“Hmmm…”,

15 Minutes later…his desk phone rang, he took it,

“………….”

“Oh, where did it happen?”

“………….”

“Which hospital?

“…………..”

“Ok”, Vijay disconnected.

“Sunil… There was an accident in M.G.Road… A hit and Run Case. Man in late 50’s was hit and had been taken to hospital with seriously injury… we have to go now … ”, Vijay said and looked at Sunil.

Sunil didn’t understand why he was in such a hurry …

“The person was a police officer… but they didn’t tell me the name”, he said by taking his hat and ready to go. Sunil also came with him.

On the way, Vijay tried to call Veeraya’s cellphone … but call didn’t go. Some reason he felt uneasy…and Sunil felt very tensed…

They reached the hospital. The receptionist directed them to the ICU where they had admitted the person.

They went and saw the person through the ICU door, it was Veeraya…

Vijay was startled looking at Veeraya. Tears rolled down from Sunil’s eyes.

He turned to Vijay and said,

“Sir, please tell me, he is not my father … please … “, He begged him.

Vijay didn’t know what to say … it was hard to believe for himself…

“Sunil … be strong … we can save him… nothing will happen to him”, he said.

Doctor came from ICU and said, “Sorry sir… we tried our best … but it was too late… he passed away…”

Sunil fell to the ground and busted into tears after hearing that, “He wanted to see me as an Inspector… but he left before that…”, he was mumbling

He went inside and cried lying on his father’s chest… it was difficult for Vijay to control him.

Vijay knew that he had to be strong at this point of time. He called the police station and informed them about the situation.

Then he spoke with the people, who admitted him in hospital,

As per witnessed people, a car hit him intentionally while he was talking over phone standing near the pavement, and it went away without stopping.

“So… someone killed him … “, Vijay muttered.

Doctors completed their formalities and handed-over the dead body to Sunil.

After that incident Vijay tried to trace the car, but could not find any details. He appointed few constables to trace and find that car.

*******

Sunil came to police-station after few days… he appeared normal… but Vijay knew how much pain he must have gone-through.

Then one of the constable came to police station in a rush and said,

“Sir, AP Police caught Allush… they are bringing him here… our team just confirmed it … “

“Great”, Vijay smiled hearing that.

After a while, The AP Police entered the station with Allush , he was hand-cuffed.

AP Police officer said, “We traced Allush based on his SUV description … it’s unfortunate for him that he didn’t leave his vehicle …” .

Vijay instructed his constables to keep him in lock-up and thanked the AP Police for their support. They obtained Vijay’s signature in a form to confirm that they have handed-over Allush to him and left the police-station.

Once they left, Vijay rushed into the lock-up and clinched his fist and slammed Allush’s nose … blood gushed out from his nose … he crawled to the floor with pain…

“What the hell? Why are you hitting me?”, he screamed by looking at the blood coming from his nose.

“Why did u kill Meghana?”, Vijay shouted.

Allush looked startled…

“So you are looking for me …. Because you thought I killed her …”, he muffled.

“Great… I didn’t kill her”.

“What …. What are blabbering about …. “, Vijay said angrily.

“Ok… wait a minute … give me a glass of water … I’ll tell everything from start…”, he said.

Vijay signaled his constable to give water to him. He gave glass of water to Allush and also cotton to cover his bloody nose.

He gulped the water …. And started telling to Vijay,

“I didn’t kill her … when she lost her parents … she become so close with his uncle… he was providing whatever she asked… When she was in her teens, she didn’t know why that rogue pampered her… he took that as his advantage … slowly he made sexual relationship with her … he continued that relation for many years until his wife caught them in bedroom. After that his wife forced her out of the house … so she left the house and looked for a job … though she got a job… the salary she received was not enough to satisfy her luxurious life … she contacted her uncle again for money … “, he stopped and took a break for some time.

Vijay and Sunil were shell shocked hearing this …

He continued … “That bastard got a great idea … he used her and through her he impressed his higher officers and got promotion … for more money he made her a high level prostitute … he kept it as a secret … nobody knows … she used to go to office regularly … At times she entertained big shots in the society for money… but slowly she realized that how much she had lost in life doing this… one day she refused to do and informed her uncle that she can’t do those things any more… during that time I met her… we became very close… she told everything to me… and we started living together in my apartment happily”, he stopped.

“What happened next?” Vijay asked as he is trying to see how much truth he is telling.

“Don’t know but after sometime she again started complaining that money was not sufficient … she didn’t leave her lavish life style… she wanted more money… I gave my full salary to her… but still she was not satisfied… she had put so much pressure on me … so I had to do something to get more money … about that time… I did a mistake… I did that for her… I decided to steal money from customer’s bank accounts … she also helped me… it continued for a while… suddenly … one day they came to know the fraud… wisely she escaped by complaining about me. They arrested me … I didn’t digest the fact that she complained about me… but still I forgave her thinking about the good times we had. She felt sorry for what she had done and begged me to be with her.

we decided to go Dubai … for that I continued to do many other frauds activities to collect the money … but …. That loafer … her uncle killed her… he didn’t want her to leave to Dubai as he wanted her to satisfy all his needs…”, he blurted everything.

“Hmm…”, Vijay took a time to grasp whatever he told so far.

“Then why did you escape after seeing me”, he asked.

“I did many online scams and cheated people for money and police were looking for me… so I thought you came to arrest me … but I didn’t realize that you came for Meghana’s case”, he said.

“Do you have any evidence to prove that you didn’t kill her”, he just wants to confirm that he really not killed her.

“No… I don’t have any evidence to prove that… but you please go and check that loafer, Meghana’s uncle … you will get many evidence to prove that he killed her…”, he grumbled.

Vijay came out the cell and signaled the constables to lock the cell.

“He might be telling the truth… It is better to obtain a search warrant and do through search in Sudhakar Rao’s home”, he thought.

While Vijay was deep in his thought’s,

The phone rang … Sunil attended the call … he was shocked after hearing the news that was conveyed.

“Sir, Meghana’s Uncle is dead … his servant called … he saw him on floor drenched in his blood”, he screamed.

“What the hell???”, Vijay was shocked.

Vijay rushed to Sudhakar Rao’s home along with his team. They saw the withered body of Sudhakar Rao soaked in blood. He was lying face down and stabbed on his back

He instructed his expert team to take photos and search for any finger prints. He looked at the servant, who was in the other room. He was trembling with fear.

Vijay approached him and asked,

“How did it happen?”

“I killed him”, he heard a voice with such anger but when he turned, all he could see was a woman with tears rolling down her cheeks.

A lady was standing in the kitchen corner with a knife. The knife was covered with blood which indicated that it was Sudhakar’s murder weapon.

Her hair, dresses were not proper and she looked totally exhausted and tired. It looked like some struggle had happened before the murder.

“Who are you?” Vijay asked in a surprise.

“I’m his wife and it is shame for me to say that”, she said in resentment.

“What are you saying? … You killed your husband… Why?”

“Not just my husband… I’m the one who killed Meghana …”, She grinned.

Vijay and Sunil looked each other faces in shock. Clearly it’s not a fact to be digested easily.

“You killed Meghana … “

She said, “Yes… indeed… I will tell the truth from the beginning and I am not ashamed for killing this heartless monster …”,

She dropped the knife to the floor and sat on the sofa and started telling her story,

“I’m actually his second wife … he married me because he didn’t have kids through his first wife. Like any other girl … I had dreamed of a wonderful married life. It started off well, he was well educated and worked in bank and financially we were sound. Apart from that he was very good artist. He drew many pictures of me. I was floating in air thinking I was lucky to be his wife.

After few years of marriage ….Slowly I came to know the real intentions of him… he was a sadist… he harassed me to do things that no married women will dare to do… he drew my nude pictures and showed it to his friends … I become a public joke for them.

I had many sleep-less nights… but I ignored all those pains because I loved him… I wanted him… I didn’t want to lose him. I struggled to make this marriage work and wanted him to lead a decent life with me.

God didn’t have any mercy on me and to make the matter worse Meghana entered in our family. I initially thought he was taking care of her as a father… but later realized that it was all about the lust on her… I pleaded him not to indulge in these sinful activities … but he continued his relation with her…

They continued their relationship in my home, in front of me… it was a worst period of my life…”, she stopped talking and she wiped the tears that are coming uncontrollably from her eyes.

Then she continued – “They treated me like an extra baggage and ignored me in my own home. I have not studied much and my parents were no more. I have only one sister who is way younger than me and studying in hostel. If I had to support her I had to stay here and endure all the pains inflicted on me. I requested Meghana to stop this incest relationship and advised her about her future life. And the way these activities will affect my life as well. She didn’t listen to me, not even a single word not even my plea entered her heart. I had done what I could do and left everything the way it came. About that time … It happened… God had answered my prayers and I got pregnant… I could see visible changes in him .He started taking care of me and I felt relaxed, he had even asked Meghana to go out from our house. She refused initially as was she afraid that her luxury life would go away, if she would stay outside. But he never gave her any option but to go out. So, she left us…

I thought good days have started in my life… but… but that bitch came to my home few months later… she said she had changed…and gave me something to eat and said it was Swami prasad from temple… I was so stupid to believe her and ate that thinking it was Swami prasad and few days later I got miscarriage… You can’t imagine how much I cried when I came to know that… my unborn kid dead … I was helpless… didn’t know what to do. My motherhood was taken from me by that selfish bitch…

“Is there anything more worse than that…???”

Vijay was not able to answer her questions. He understood her, a mother’s agony for losing the child. He had seen his own mother cry over the body of his brother. It was the worst moments of his life.

She continued – “After that incident he changed again… he despised me… and continued his relation with her… he made her a prostitute to get more money… all her customers were high level… who were well settled in the society… even her boss was one of her clients…” she stopped and looked straight at Vijay and said,

”One more thing … you will never believe what I am going to say. You may feel nauseating to know the fact that. Your military father… he was one of Meghana’s customers. My husband introduced her to him. Your constable, Veeraya followed your father and he came to know that fact… but he didn’t know that they saw him … and my husband was afraid that if he informs you… then you would come to know everything… So he killed him, a simple Hit and Run case”.

Vijay now realized why his father behaved that way when he told Meghana’s full name, and why he got a dream like that.

He did fell nauseating … by the fact that can’t be ignored. The respect and awe he had for his father… everything had changed in a minute.

She continued – “Once he renewed his relation with her … he stopped coming home. I couldn’t bare his absence. I had forgiven her for many mistakes… but he went to the extent of leaving me for her sake… So I decided to kill her and eliminate her once for all from our life…Nobody should get a doubt… I could trust only one person that was my cook… I requested her… she understood my pain… She promised to help me and I told her my plan. As per the plan, she joined as a cook in Meghana’s PG . She continued in that PG until Meghana trusted her.

My cook used to prepare special food for her… no body in the PG knew about it. The time that I waited for so long came … When Meghana returned that night from pub… as per the plan… my cook gave poisoned food to her… Meghana knew her well, so she didn’t question about the food… she ate that food and then she finally died and felt me in peace to relax.

Since it was midnight… nobody knew it”, She blurted.

“But… why did you kill your husband?” Vijay asked.

“Once she died… he came back to me and poured his love at my feet and begged me to forgive him for his mistakes and promised to be good. I thought he changed …

After few days he asked me to call my sister, who is studying 10th standard ,and bring her home from hostel and convinced me saying that we can adopt her.

I believed him and called her. But… that bastard had some other ideas… today… he tried to rape her… I begged him not to do… but he didn’t listen… and I didn’t know what else to do… I took that knife and stabbed him multiple times… that’s it… he died under my feet… now… no one has to suffer… i killed him… I should have done that long before but the love I had for him didn’t let me do it.…”, she broke into tears and fell on the floor.

“Hmm…”, Vijay sighed and signaled Sunil to arrest her.

Sunil approached her and arrested her.

When he was about to take her …… she suddenly sprang from the floor and in a second took hold off the revolver from Vijay’s gun pocket and pointed the revolver to her head and pulled the trigger.

Everything happened so fast… no time for anyone to react… the blood splattered ever where… her body fell on floor… it was motionless.

******

The murder mystery case that created so much hype was closed. Vijay and his team were greatly appreciated for their efforts in solving the case.

After that incident, in guilty, Vijay’s father was not able to see his family especially his son who didn’t reveal a thing to his mother and who requested the client list of Meghana not to be displayed in the newspapers.

Ashamed he left his family and disappeared.

******

One month later…

Vijay and Abihgnya’s Reception…

People from different facets of life attended the reception. Function was arranged in an open ground nicely decorated with flowers and fountains. It was close to midnight but still people were coming and greeting the new couples.

Abhignya looked beautiful and happy .Vijay noticed some one in the crowd. He felt that he had known that person . Some where he had seen her.

All he could notice standing from the stage, was a lady with beautiful White designer saree with glittering diamond bangles and ivory white watch and her flowing lose open hair. She stood like an angel from earth in her attire.

He tried to see her face. But he was not able to see clearly. Out of curiosity to know more about her,

He asked Abhignya “Is that your friend standing there in white saree?”

Abhignya puzzled and said, “Who”?

Vijay pointed in that direction but to his surprise his wife said, she doesn’t see any lady there.

But Vijay was able to see the wicked smile on that lady face and suddenly it strike him and he thought,

“No, it cannot be possible… Megh… ??????”

__THE END__

