[Meghana – A Murder Mystery]

Meghana - A Murder Mystery

Read 

 | 

 | 

 | 

 | 

Sunil hurriedly entered the station and gave a stiff salute to Vijay and started telling whatever he gathered so far, “Sir, she had worked in ICICI Bank customer care center, and most importantly she had a live-in relationship with one of her colleague”.

Vijay remained silent as he wanted him to say few more details.

“That guy was a fraud. He stole money from customers account. She noticed it and warned him few times, but he continued to do the same thing, so she reported that to her manager… They had filed a police complaint and put him in jail for few months. It was a shock to him, and he didn’t digest the fact that she had complained on him. And later he broke up with her. After that incident, he didn’t get job anywhere. He hated her as she was the reason for his condition. So he wanted to take revenge on her and he was waiting for the opportunity”, Sunil uttered everything and slurped the water on the table.

“Hmm.. So Meghana had an enemy”, Vijay said.

“Yes, sir, I don’t know how he planned and killed her, but my sixth sense is telling that he is the murderer”, Sunil said and he was so positive about his conclusion.

“Good Sunil, you did an excellent job”, Vijay patted on Sunil’s shoulders.

“By the way, what is that guy name? Where is he now?”

“His name is Allush. He is staying in an apartment in J.P.Nagar. Earlier Meghana also was staying with him in that apartment. I have the address”.

“Let’s go and meet him and find out what had happened”, Vijay said as he is getting ready to go out.

They reached Allush apartment complex in JP nagar. They went straight to his apartment and knocked the door. No body responded, they had continued to knock the door. Next door neighbor came and said, he hasn’t been coming to apartment for the past ten days. They asked him whether he knows where he might have been. Next door guy said,”I don’t have any idea”.

They nodded and left the complex.

“Sir, Am sure that guy killed her. See, otherwise why he didn’t return to his apartment since her murder”, Sunil exclaimed.

Vijay smiled and said, “Sunil, the important point here is, she died because of the poison in the food. It was not a rape or acid attack or some other bloody manner of attack. So, how do you think this guy could have killed her”.

Sunil shrugged and said,” That can be possible sir; I saw one English film where the murderer killed a kid by giving poison injected chocolates. So, may be this guy did the same thing, who knows”.

“May be … Anyway … it’s your responsibility to find him. From tomorrow do vigilance duty here and see if he comes to his apartment”, Vijay said in a stiff voice

Sunil said, Yes Sir”.

It was almost evening, so they decided to have snacks. They had parked the vehicle in the police station and wore casual dresses. Vijay took his bike, and they went to Uppahara chat & Pani Puri center near silk board. It was one of his favorite chat centers. Since it’s near to silk board junction, one can see the whole crowd near bus stop from sitting inside the shop. The chaat center was heavily crowded that day.

However, after waiting for some time, they found a place near the corner and had good view of the bus stop and its awaiting crowd. He always liked to sit on that place and see the people on the road, who were busy going to different places haphazardly. So many different people and so much difference yet they are united under one roof.

They had ordered chaat and coffee.

Then he saw her, “Abignya”, at bus top waiting for a bus. She was wearing beautiful embroidery saree in lush green color with simple but pretty pearl set and white stone bangles to suit her complexion. She looked gorgeous and he controlled his urge to have her in his arms. He decided to meet her and asked Sunil to wait there and went to the bus stop.

On reaching he said, “Hello, Abhignya. How are you?” he said.

She turned to his side and was surprised to see him , “Oh! Officer, what a surprise! I’m doing well”, she smiled with her eyes.

He felt, “A girl can express sadness, fear, anger, happiness and almost all the feelings with their eyes”.

“I’m glad to hear that you’re doing well”, he certainly didn’t know what else to ask or say.

“So, what are you doing here? Any case investigation?”, she asked.

“No, I just came to have snacks there”, he said by pointing to the Uppahara chat center.

She looked at that chaat center and said, “Oh! I like the chat they serve”.

Vijay had decided earlier on what he has to say to her if he might see her again. But didn’t know how she will react to it.

He said, “Abhignya, Please don’t mistake me for saying this. But I can’t talk freely with you by keeping this feeling inside… I’m really crazy about you… The moment I saw you in college, I felt you are the woman with whom I should share the rest of my life. I don’t know whether this is the right place or time, but I wanted to ask you this for a long time,… I would like to marry you, will you marry me?”, his voice sounded genuine.

It was a startling moment for her;

She didn’t imagine a police officer to propose her that too at the bus stop. She looked around in embarrassment and confirmed that nobody was observing them.

She took some time to respond, “I need some time to think”, she muffled.

“Abhignya, I just expressed my feelings. But it is totally up to. You know…”, he stopped for a second.

Then he continued… “I got a dream that we both got married. It may sound crazy to you, but it’s the fact”.

“But, take your time. Please don’t think me as a road side Romeo. If you don’t like my proposal, you can tell me. I won’t feel hurt. I can understand”, he said.

She kept her head down and said, “I can understand your feelings. Give me a day or two I will think about it”

He nodded and said, “Thanks for understanding my feelings; here is my visiting card, you can call me any time to tell your decision”, he gave his visiting card to her.

He said, “Please remember; this is going to be a crucial decision in your life, so take time and think and then let me know. Whatever it may be, I respect your decision”.

She smiled and took his visiting card. He said bye and returned back to the chaat center.

Sunil had already finished two rounds and was getting ready to start the third round of snacks. He saw Vijay is coming and so said, “Where were you sir! I ate so much just waiting for you”.

“Oh! Sorry Sunil. I was talking with Abhignya. I didn’t know that you eat more while waiting for someone”, he smiled.

Sunil blushed.

They both spend some more time before they left to their home.

Sunil told to Vijay that he would visit Allush apartment that night to check in case he shows up.

*****

Vijay was too tired and was about to sleep but he got a call from Sunil,

“Sir, I saw someone going inside Allush apartment. I have a strong feeling that it’s Allush. What do you want me to do? Can I go inside?” he muffled.

Vijay didn’t expect Allush would show-up in his apartment so soon, “Sunil, don’t go alone. Just wait outside. I’m coming there”, He disconnected the call and got up from the bed to get ready.

His mother asked where he was going at that time, he said, it is just to meet some important person.

He met Sunil at the outside of the apartment. He parked his bike outside, and they entered inside the complex. They knocked the door after reaching Allush apartment.

Somebody from inside asked, “Who is it?”

Vijay said,”Open the door Allush, this is SI Vijay. I’ve to talk to you”

“Get last… you bastards … “, he screamed from inside.

Vijay surprised for his reaction as he didn’t expect that he would react like that. And he heard a noise from inside;

He suspected that Allush might try to escape … so he signaled Sunil to break the door. Sunil hit the door with his right shoulder with a full force so that it got open.

 The moment they entered inside, they saw Allush was trying to escape by jumping from the patio. Vijay rushed into the patio, but by that time, Allush jumped to the ground.

Vijay didn’t think of anything but only catching him, so he too jumped. Sunil remained at the patio as he didn’t dare to jump 25 foot floor.

Allush ran towards the basement and Vijay chased after him. When Vijay entered inside basement, he didn’t see Allush anywhere… he looked around… his leg was paining … may be a hair line fracture because of the jump …

He removed his short-gun from his gun-pocket and kept it in hand.

“Allush… I know you are hiding here… you can’t escape from me… surrender yourself… “, he shouted.

Then to his shock he heard a vehicle’s accelerating sound with full power and it appeared as though… it is coming very near him…

 When he looked back… black SUV was coming fast towards him with mad speed… in a mill-second time… he jumped back… and the SUV brushed past him and went ahead.

Vijay understood that it was Allush. The vehicle has gone outside of the basement. Vijay got up and chased the vehicle up to outside. But the SUV was too fast, he was unable to reach it and his pain was excruciating.

He looked at his bike, which was parked outside. He managed to quickly start it and drove towards the vehicle.

He accelerated his bike to maximum speed, then after a minute, he noticed the SUV. He alerted patrolling police through radio to look out for a Black Toyota SUV. He described the vehicle and which side it was going. Since it was mid-night, there was very less traffic.

Beggars who were sleeping on pavements were surprised to see the chase and the commotion the speed created.

After few minutes of chasing, he drove beside the vehicle just in alignment to get the driver’s view and shouted to stop the vehicle looking at Allush.

He laughed and showed his middle finger. He really looked so crazy driving at such speed and he tried to squeeze Vijay’s bike by driving the SUV to crush him between the vehicle and the side pavement ;

Vijay managed to slow a bit and went back side of the SUV avoiding the crash in pavement.

Vijay desperately waited for the patrolling police officers. But time was very less and anytime he might crush him with his vehicle.

He felt, he had no option but to shoot the vehicle, so he aimed his pistol for the SUV tires and shot it, but unfortunately missed. Vijay raged over the missing and found it difficult to shoot while driving the bike.

It looked like Allush heard the shooting sound, so he increased his vehicle speed. Vijay also increased the speed of his bike. They entered the deserted Hosur flyover.

Vijay was back side of the Allush SUV and trying to over-take, but he was driving like a snake and not giving any changes to Vijay.

Allush smiled to himself……….when he pressed the brake.

It was so sudden and the impact was a disaster … Vijay bike strike the back side of SUV and he lost his balance and didn’t have any time to react. He was thrown into air and his bike plunged into the back side of the SUV…

Just like a leave falling from the tree and reaching the ground, Vijay fell to the ground except for the speed and force with which he fell can’t be compared.

Allush drove near to Vijay and looked at him. Vijay was loosing his consciousness.

Allush said,“Don’t ever try to catch me again!!” and drove away.

Vijay lost his consciousness.

******

Next day when he opened his eyes… he was in a hospital. His head had a bandage and left leg as well his right arm was in bandage.

He saw his mother and father. His mother noticed that he opened his eyes.

“Vijay, how are you feeling? What happened?” her eyes turned moist.

“I already told you not to join in police department, see what had happened now. If something worse happened… just like your brother….” she didn’t complete her sentence and started sobbing.

His father took her outside.

When Vijay tried to remembering the things, his head was paining… it took a while for him to recall what happened last night.

After remembering that Allush escaped, he clinched his fist in anger.

******

In the meantime, Veeraya revealed shocking news to Sunil.

“I can’t believe it, are you sure?”, Sunil puzzled.

“Sunil, even I was unable to believe but I saw Vijay sir’s father talking to Meghana’s Uncle”, Veeraya said.

“That’s what I’m asking. Why on earth Vijay sir’s father talked to her Uncle. You might have mistaken by seeing someone else”, Sunil said irritatingly.

Veeraya argued, “No, Sunil. Though I have seen Meghana’s uncle only once, I can still remember him”,

“See, daddy. I don’t know whom you have seen. Right now Vijay sir is in hospital. Don’t bring this topic in front of him and make him worry. And more over the killer is identified, it was that Allush. So please be quite”, Sunil grumbled and left from the place.

“Hmm… May be I’m getting old… so my vision is not good enough to recognize the person… otherwise why sir’s father was with Meghana’s uncle”, Veeraya muttered.

******

In Hospital, Abhignya came along with Sunil to see Vijay.

“Oh! You woke up. How are you feeling sir?” Sunil asked.

He shook his head indicating that he is feeling better.

“Yesterday patrolling guys got you on Hosur. I gave your bike for repair…”, then he looked at his watch and said, “Ok, sir I’ll come later… we can talk more about it… take care”, he left.

Vijay looked at Abhignya side. She looked worried and he can see tears in her eyes. He asked her to sit.

She came close to him and took his hand and pressed it.

“Please… don’t do this kind of stunts again… you are hurting many people here”, she said in anger and wiping her tears.

He smiled and said, “Few days back you are in the hospital, now it turned up-side down”.

“I wished, I would have been in your place”, she said. And she continued, “So! How did it happen? Is that part of that murder investigation?

You know… your photo came in newspaper… they described you as a brave police officer… now so many people would have become your fans”

“Oh! Then it is difficult for me to walk on roads as many people would recognize me”, he laughed.

“Why do you want to continue on this case … I’m feeling it is dangerous to continue investigate this case… please handover to someone else…” she said.

“You told exactly what I was thinking. I’ve been telling him to quit this job, but he never listens to me. At least ask him, not to investigate this case”, Vijay’s mother grumbled while entering room.

Abhignya got up from her chair as she saw his mother and wished her. Vijay introduced her as she is studying in PES College and he met her during this case investigation.

Vijay’s mother smiled at him and said,”I already know her and she came today morning to visit you when you were unconscious”

They had a chat for some time then,

Abhignya said, “Aunty… I have to leave now. Take care Vijay”, and she was about to leave the room.

Vijay’s mother held her hand and said, “Come home one day”.

She smiled and said, ”Sure aunty”

Once she left, “I was surprised when she came to see you. She is a nice girl Vijay. Bring her to home one day ok”, she said.

Vijay smiled and nodded. And he knew that was a green signal from his mother. Who knows him better than his mother?

It took nearly two weeks for Vijay to recover from the accident. Meanwhile, Vijay’s mother didn’t allow any police officer to discuss about the case. Veeraya and his family came to see him. Vijay’s superior officers also visited him. They had asked him, whether it was ok, if someone would take up this case. However, he refused for that. News reporters came few times to take his interview and gathered his progress in the case.

The case created too much sensation in Bangalore and people started discussing about it. Especially, this created a buzz in IT sector. IT guys were doing betting in online forums discussing who might be the killer.

Abhignya visited him daily and helped his mother until he recovered fully. Meanwhile Sunil collected Meghana’s call details with the information of the caller. He was eagerly waiting for Vijay’s return to the station…

******

They all stood up and applauded as Vijay entered the station, and in chorus they said,

“Welcome back Sir”, Vijay smiled at them and said, “Thank you “and sat in his chair.

Sunil came near him and said, “Sir, we tried to locate the Allush, but it looks like he escaped to Andhra Pradesh. We informed to AP police and they are trying to catch him…”,

“Hmm…” Vijay shook his head.

“One more thing sir, we got the caller details. So in her mobile, “X” means Allush, I think she named “X” becoz he was her X-Lover.

And the guy ‘James’, who messaged her was her boss.

As per that SMS, it looks like he was in that pub along with her”, Sunil said by giving the call detail papers to him.

“What?” Vijay frowned as he didn’t expect that.

“We tried to contact him, but after her death, he moved to Mumbai. We didn’t know why he left to Mumbai. May be that was coincidence.

When we enquired few people, they didn’t have good opinion on him as he harassed many of his female colleagues… So we got a suspicion on him”, Sunil said.

“What is going-on? So many suspects are identified in Meghana’s case. Why the hell, he wanted to move to Mumbai after her death? Why Meghana’s friend, Rani, didn’t tell that her boss was in pub? Had he done something? If he had done something, why Allush ran away after seeing me? Why Meghana’s uncle, didn’t tell about Meghana’s X-Lover? Why did he hide that information? Who is the real killer?” his head heated with these thoughts and he wished, he would have continued in the hospital for few more days.

Read 

 | 

[image from https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Your_temperature_is_dropping..jpg]

