Moral Short Story – And again I start living happily

What can I do? Every day I ask from god why with me only? Why my lives become hell? Please help me god please help me or please sent anyone for my help and after saying all this I cried but no one can hear my sound because I am locked in a dark room and my fault is that I am a widow.

One day when maid bring breakfast for me in my room she tells me about the marriage of my brother-in-law. She tells me that my parents fixed the dates of the marriage of brother-in-law (Dewar). She tells that my brother-in-law ask her to tell me about his marriage because my brother-in-law respect me a lot but because of my parents he never meets me.

 After some day my brother-in-law‘s marriage day come and with all rituals his marriage is done.

 One day my mother-in-law tells my sister-in-law to go in store room and find out the silver utensil. The store room is just beside my room so when my sister-in- law comes near to my room she is able to listen my weeping.

 In night when my brother in law comes my sister-in-law tells him that she hear a voice from that locked room and ask him that Is anybody there in that room then my brother-in-law tell her about me.

Next day she come in my room with the excuse of breakfast .and she tell me that she will help me and she also tell me that she want to call me “di” I said ok ..

 After that she tells my brother-in-law that she wants to give me independence, a happy life, and ask him to help her in this fight. He says you know before our marriage no one’s had guts to fight against mom and dad but now you have that guts so I am with you.

 But what we can do????

 Don’t worry first of all we have to free her from that locked room.

 He said ok.

Next day my brother–in-law tells my father-in-law and my mother-in-law that he and his wife want to free me from locked room. Nobody will try to stop them. Afterwards he and his wife open the locked room and my sister –in-law tell me that di please come out from this dark room and start a new life we both are with you don’t worry about anything. Afterwards I understand that god sent an angel in the form of my sister-in-law for my help. I am very happy and now I am breath in fresh air.

In evening, when all the family members set together and drink tea then my sister-in-law‘s phone ringed and it is the call of her mother when she finished talk with her mother there is a big smile on her face she say that my brother is coming here tomorrow because his course of B.tec is complete and he got a job in Chennai so before joining a job he want to meet me.

Next day my sister-in-law’s brother came for meet her sister and my sister-in-law is also very happy after seeing her brother. But I don’t want to meet anyone but my sister-in-law gives me her oath because she want that I will meet her brother when he comes. So when he comes we meet each other but I am not feeling comfortable so I am gone to my room. And do rest in my room.

After sometime my sister-in-law came in my room with her brother and say di my brother want to meet you because he wants to give you something I say ok… Now he gives me a statue of lord Krishna after seeing the gift I say that is so beautiful , its means a lot for me thank you then he say it’s my pleasure and one thing I want to say that you are very beautiful ,and your smile is also very beautiful so please keep smiling .

Next day, when my mother-in-law scolds me then he help me and tell my mother–in-law that I am just like her daughter how can she scolds her daughter. And after that he tell me that I am always with you so please don’t worry and keep smiling. I ask him that why he fight for me then he say that because I am very special for him. He helps me a lot he is always stand for me but I can’t understand one thing that why he helps me? Why he do all this for me?

One day he give the answer of my all questions and his answer is that he loves me a lot after hearing this answer I say no its can’t possible I am a widow I have no right to love anyone . He says I understand and I know one day you will fall in love with me and that day you will tell me that you love me. And I will wait for that lucky day. And one thing I want to tell you that tomorrow I went to Chennai because I have to join my job.

Next day when he is ready to went then my sister-in-law tell me that he truly love me and she also tell me that di I know you also love him please tell him that you love him go di go and tell him otherwise you lost your true love.

Then I realize that I love him and I have to tell him. Then I went to his room and I say her that I want to tell you something. Then he says yaa tell then I say that I love you to. I know I am late I understand you have to go .then he, my sister-in-law, and my brother-in-law tell me it is only the plan nobody will go Anywhere.

Afterwards they tell all the family members (including his parents also) about our love and they request or appease them for our marriage and after lots of rage they ready for our marriage and with all rituals our marriage is done and I again live happily with my husband who love me a lot .

__END__

