My lovely love story….is successful or….?

Photo credit: 

 from 

Hi, How r u? After so many years you recognize me? I have seen your facebook updates……. Also in the last month I have seen you on TV, government has awarded you as best writer…. congrats…. At last you have fulfilled your dreams…. Hope I..

She stops… perhaps she wants to say something… I uttered in my mind ya hope you should be with me….

She then suddenly changed the topic ….So, what’s next? What we would be able to read from a great writer?

I smiled and said you have not changed….. Mazzak karneki aadat gayi nahi abhi ? I am not a great writer, what comes in my mind just put on paper and people like to read it….

Ya I know… her friend interrupt our discussion ….then why don’t you accept that you loves her? I have read your story about love story of four eyes….

I suddenly got shock…. I never ever thought that I will face such situation in my life….Not able to talk a single word….. Both of us can’t be able to look in each one’s eyes …. Both are asking to each other …Why? Why??Why???

Her friend brought us on land……Come on… let’s have a cup of coffee….

I was thinking not to stay there but my mind was pressuring me to stay there….. Just like I have to open a secret that I had kept in a corner of my mind…… long years ago.

 

We sat there in a coffee shop…. She sat in front of me….. Now our eyes started looking at each other….

Oh …..Dilwalo….come on guys….coffee is getting cold….her friend again disturbed us….

Why she was here? I am asking my mind……

Oh Dilwalo…. I want to listen your story from you both….though I have read……

I lost in my past…in fact we both……

 

It was the time my father was transferred to Delhi. I was in 10

 Standard. We shifted to Delhi.

On the first day, my father took us to his friend’s ( Mr. Pande ) home for dinner…… it was nearer to our home….

We went there by walking….

We entered in home…..  We were welcomed by two girls…..

My father introduced them as Snehal & Minal….daughters of his friend…. Meanwhile uncle and aunt came…. My father introduced our family…

Uncle was working with my father. Aunty was housewife & taking private tuition classes at home for 10

 & 12

 Standards…..Father said that’s great…..Pashu (My name is Prasanna but father & mother used to call me as Pashu …. Actually I don’t like he called me Pashu, especially in front of those two little girls) is in 10

 now…. We worried about his education due to this sudden change from Maharashtra to Delhi…..But now we freed from tension…. if u don’t mind Pashu will join your tuitions…….

Never Mr. Kulkarni….and here onwards don’t worry…I will take care of his studies…..

Mein to dekhte hi rah gaya….Aunty looking at me said Kya hua padhai naam suntehi tum to khana hi bhul gaye….

I with smiling face said no aunty……  (Frankly speaking I feel some sound ….dhoom… in my heart.)

We had dinner and left to our home…

After 2-3 days I started to go for tuition to Mr. Pande’s home. I personally feel that Aunty must have some magic in her because my fear has vanished like smoke…

Now Snehal & Minal have become my good friends… both were studied in my school. So, we meet almost every day..if possible we had also our lunch together…

Snehal was somewhat conservative type and do not mix with others easlily….and Minal….Minal storage of energy, very talkative and anytime ready person….I think that’s why I got attracted to Minal….

Day by day we come closure….though at that time we don’t understand this is love but feeling something in between us which bonded us together….. Her presence gives me some energy boost…

After our exam over, we both families went for a tour to Manali, Shimla. We enjoyed there…I think that was the first year of my life when we as a family went together on big tour…

Meanwhile my exam results were out and I passed my exams with a merit position….My MOM, DAD got very surprised and happy with my performance. We had a grand party… Both greeted to Mrs. Pande (my Teacher sorry Aunty ) off course in my success Aunty must have some share but I feel more credit goes to my energy booster i.e. Minal.

You think the story goes here onwards as a normal style….i.e. studied together….love affair….broken heart…separated away….. Meet after some years….

Sorry boss….yahan Kahani mein twist hai…….

One day father comes home and declared that Mr. Pande has resigned and going to Australia… I asked their family? Father said yes off course he is taking his family with him….

On very next day father has called Pande family for dinner at our home…..We had dinner…shared some photographs…memories with each other…..

Minal and I talked for an hour….her father called ….come on …we have to leave….

I am getting some feeling there is something which I have to say….but what?….am not able….speechless

I saw in her eyes….I think she also had same feeling …..she just smiled and went away……

After that we had no contact for years together….

In between I have completed my engineering…..got to do a job….and became an eligible bachelor for marriage…..my eyes were searching her….I try to search her through internet….at that time only orkut was newly launched…but in vain…

One day my father came with a proposal from his one of friend’s daughter Mayuri…Mayuri Joshi….In our first meet though I was not so much interested but I said yes I will marry you as my mother and father liked her very much….Mayuri was not a bad chice for me…She very beautiful, smart and also down to earth person…but pyare..dil toh bachha hai ji….

Our engagement fixed ….both families seems happy with relations…..

My brain conquers my heart? Ya…

On my engagement day….our ring ceremony over…My father shouted….Pashu come here….see who comes to meet you? I had some lines on my forehead…yaar abhi to chhodo kuchh biwi ke liye…ab shadi honewali hai meri…abhibhi Pashu….

I went there …..Surprise!!! Mr. & Mrs. Pande were there!!!

Kya bolte ho….. kahani mein phirse twist….let us see….

Mr. Pande has returned back to India…..Pyare man mein laddoo phuta…..obviously my eyes went on search…. I think Mrs. Pande noticed that hence called me up and said “looking cute…actually, Snehal has to complete her PG exam, hence, she stayed back in the Australia and Minal (she took a Pause…I understand…) her friends have arrived at our home so she can’t join us…” I got feeling that there hundreads of bombs were thrown on me….I can’t be able to look in her eyes….

Hi…What r u doing here?…..Mayuri …my talking express arrived….she broke the pin drop silence created there….I introduced both of them to Mayuri…We both took their blessings…..

After that day I was feeling like a criminal in my mind….I thought to disclose the same to Mayuri and go back to Minal…but can’t be able…. When when she comes near to me…I saw in her eyes pure love for me…day by day she has developed a passion for me as like that she can’t be able to live without me…which has put me in horrible trouble….my mind has turned down to a war room….different thoughts were attacking as like bombs and missiles…..

After marriage, Mayuri and myself were shifted to Mumbai….day by day I was got involved in my Sanasaar…..In the mean time I got information from my Father that Minal’s marriage was fixed…her bride was from the same city and was doing job in Mumbai…..

I don’t go to attend the marriage…in fact I don’t have courage…..I saw her marriage photographs…I found her face has lost the charm that my Minal had…..I was feeling much guiltier….

then I disclosed the same to Mayuri…..Initially she got angry with me…What you had done? Just have to spoke with me….I had managed my family….I told her that that’s why I love her very much and frankly that was true….what care she was taking of me and her love has conquered my mind…and at this stage I do not want to lose her….She came nearer to me….Calmly took my face in her hand and told me that she still loves me….What happened was the part of history…let us forget it and live our life….Now since Minal had also married she will also forget you as soon as she got involved in her Sansaar…….and same happened……

Years after years had gone…..I was busy in my married life and Minal was in her….But strange we had a corner in our minds which was reserved for us…On facebook we visited each other’s pages sometimes posts like but no comment…..no messages…..

Arre boss….your Coffee is getting cold….kahaan kho gaye ho?….Minal’s friend bought both of us in present….

I smiled looking at Minal…. She also looked with smiling face….and told me that now she had to move and collect her child from her school….

I said looking in her eyes..Minal..Minal..just want to tell you one thing “ I love you”

What!!! ….her friend says this yaar don’t get surprised

“I love you too….”

I said Minal am sorry…due to my mistakes though we can’t be able to live a married life can you please continue with me as my friend and my energy booster……

She came nearer to me took my hand in her hand and told what has happened has happened….we can’t blame any of us….you can said this is what God deserves….He has given Mayuri a caring life partner to you and Mahesh a lovely husband to me….This is our life…

I said Ya…..that’s true….We have to accept this and go ahead to live our lives…..

Bye….take care….I said with a guilty free mind….. Arre yaar jara apne husband to milana….dekhu to kitana lovely hai….

You naughty…..Abe pehle apni wife se to mila…dekhu to mere completion mein kitna pak pak karti hai…..

__END__

