Nik Angel Love Story

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It is a story of a boy who is very far from love which he never got from anyone. When he got love and understood life he lost everything.

Now let me start the story.

The boy name is Nik who is studying in high school 9th std. He is a boy alone no support from parents leading his life with his best friend Rohan who is his classmate . NIk dont know what is love because he never felt from anyone .He use to help others and a happy boy but he hates girls, never had friendship with them, he use to think girls are not trustworthy because he saw many girls cheating boys and taking advantage of them . NIk is a nature lover and also go to the Anathashram and spend his time with small children’s and play with them. Once he was going to his uncle’s house by bus he saw a girl in the bus stand felt something unsual ,his mind got disturbed may be he felt love at first sight then bus passes he went to his uncles home and came back to home after a week.

As usual school started after vacation he saw the same girl in his school and shocked but he neglected and he came back to his routine. After a week Nik helped one girl name Reena in his tution by protecting her from one boy who is torturing her and misbehaving with her and she said thank you to him. Next day that girl came with Reena and said thank you and she told her name Priti. Priti saw a pain in NIk’s eyes and in 3 days she collected all the information about him and also fell love with him as he has a helping nature and care towards poor people which impressed her lot .

After a week she talked with Rohan and told her feelings for Nik . So Rohan collected information about her and he approached Nik and told about Priti she is very beautiful and caring girl and many were back of her but NIk hates girls he dont even want to friendship with her so directly he rejected and went away . Next day Priti directly came and proposed him he slapped her which shocked Rohan too and Nik is a hard hearted no feelings of love he is a rough guy. Priti went away crying away to her home she didn’t came to school for next 2 days even she not attended unit test. Till now Nik dont know anything about her except her name.

Now Rohan tells Nik about her she is very kind hearted and caring girl who lost father in accident in her small age only. Her mother taking care of her and her mother got job of her husband it is govt job. She is a singer and religious girl a perfect Indian girl who get up early and put rangoli, do pooja as she is brahmin. She cooks breakfast for her mother and take tiffen to school . Even she goes to Anathashrams and Vrudhashram. She helps aged people by taking care of them she feels as her own grandfather and grandmother in them . Rohan is angry on Nik because he hurted a girl who is really a kind hearted girl by slapping her. Nik felt very bad after knowing about her but he is quiet.

After 2 days she came to school again and said Love you lot Nik and she went away Rohan also convinced Nik lot because Rohan knows only she came change Nik and he will never get a girl who loves him lot but still Nik is silent. One day Nik had fight with his parents and went to bridge and sit their alone .Their priti’s comes to console him it is 9.30 pm this shows how much she loved him . She consoled him and went home back . Next day Rohan putted promise to Nik to accept her love otherwise you will loose me. Nik already lost everyone he dont want to loose Rohan as he is only a friend who supports him and care for him lot so finally Nik accepted Priti’s love .

Nik told to Priti That he accepted her love but the sake of Rohan. That day is the happiest day of her life .Then chatting started she use to share everything with him and she taking lot of care which he never felt and never knows also .One day Rohan took Nik to vrudhashrama were she was cleaning mouth of aged women as she is not well vomating continously and she cleaning it is the day when Nik felt a love from his heart for her and he was waiting outside till she come and hugged her said love you Priti lot and I promise you i will not leave you till my last breath .

After that day Nik changed lot she made him to realize what is love and respect towards girls he totally changed he is in the sea of love which he is unaware .She told everything to her mother and her mother also accepted Nik and he got mother’s love also it is a golden period for NIk . One day Nik was sleeping in her lap, he slept like that only for 2 hours she didn’t moved she was sitting like that only until he wake up. Nik awaked he felt so bad for the first time he got tears in his eyes and Priti told him Love you lot Nik i cant see you crying and she wiped his tears and Nik hugged her and told you are my Angel and she named Nik as Naughty Innocent and kind hearted(NIK). She made him strong and guided to his life and aim .HE came to know what is life and love with her both did lot of works and helped many peoples.

One day they were going to some place with her mother, in middle car got punchered it is in ghat section there she got outside and went near end of the road side of the road there is big depth if anyone falls he will die only so much depth as it is ghat section . Nik crossing road sudden a car comes in fraction of second Priti pushed Nik and she met with an accident which totally shocked Nik and her mother .Nik took her in his lap she asked him to promise her that he will not sucide or hurt himself and took her last breath in his lap and dead. Nik totally lost his sense and fallen down their only. After 2 days he opens his eyes he was in hospital due to shocked he lost his sense cried lot . He dont know what to do because he broked into pieces totally she is everything to him but now she is only not there he lost the hope of leaving and started careless life helping others till he is alive.Nik again became alone in this world after 6 years also he is like that only still missing her lot and leaving in her memory only………………..

(to be continued)

***

