Short Story Love – Nik Angel Love Story 3

Photo credit: 

 from 

Helping ,caring others is good but why people think it as love dont know.

Nik entered to degree life, everything is new, nobody knows him made new friends enjoying the classes even doing some social works .Nik saw girl who is silent and she is in her own world. Nik ignored her there was a function in the college she was crying outside alone dont know why. Nik went to her tried to ask but she not responded and went . Days passes Nik collected all information about her one thing came to know that she scares lot and always thinks that if she is doing wrong or wat. She thinks extremely which is useless and taking wrong decisions in hurry even her mind is not consent she changes her sentence hourly for example- If all friends are going to picnic she tells she will come in next hour she says she will not come like this she is.It is because of depression which is common now a days some are depressed because of family burdens,some because of work load and many in love failure. Naturally this occurs in college life boys and girls thinks they know everything they can handle any situation and think as true love but if anybody say about the girl to boy problems starts no faith and last break up then starts sad songs becoming devdas and all.

Due to depression she is doing like that but nobody came to know but Nik know what is depression as he faced it like hell and know how it feels when we lost everything he finally did friendship with her Nik slowly inspired her supported her she sings well Nik made her to sing in competitions, in short time she is out of depression which is suffering from almost a year even helped in her family problems also. But Nik is afraid as she start to love him, this is expected problem by her as 90% peoples do the same but Nik cant except her he can do anything for her but not love he treated her as friend and always guided her . She started loving him she thought caring and supporting is love and Nik cares her lot .The situation is like this Nik is everything to her she cant live without him it is very big problem to Nik. No doubt she is very good girl but in Nik’s life only one girl is there that is Angel . Nik dont wanted to loose her friendship and cant accept her love also he is in dilemma . Finally decided to loose her friendship in this period Nik has only friend who shared his feelings to her and his situation also.

Nik played a drama in which he told bad about her sister which she cant tolrate and even Nik knows her mentality she started to panic in this time only his exams came and he went to save his friend some came to beat him Nik got hurt to his head which is already weak and got admitted in hospital he not attended the exams his parents again became angry he became totally alone think of his situation friends lost friend ,lost exams ,got hurted .He faced that situation because of angel’s love when he was admitted in the hospital Priti’s mother came to the hospital co-incidently and given him the shocking news that his angel is alive……………

TO be continued………………

***

