Online Short Love Story – Infidelity…with all it’s heart!

Online Short Love Story – Infidelity…with all it’s heart!

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I love you, will you marry me?”

At last! Aruni heard those awaited words from Raghav, rather, saw them floating on her computer screen. Aruni had been waiting to hear this and Raghav finally opened out his heart to her and proposed her, on their favorite lovers’ point- the online social network’s chat room, where they had met 8 months ago and nurtured their love. It was the place where they had spent hours talking to each other, becoming friends and something more than that, where they had known each other and silently weaved up dreams to be with, and for each other, forever.

Raghav repeated, “I want to marry you, will you marry me?”

Those words on the computer screen filled Aruni’s heart with excitement. She smiled, looked down towards the keyboard, shyly putting her beautiful long fingers on the keys and typed,

“Y…e…s”.

Not much time was spent in convincing their families, getting the preparations done and finally getting engaged. Raghav bought a beautiful diamond ring for Aruni. The ring was as charming as was it’s going to be owner. It had finely cut stones put up together in the shape of a heart.

“This is not an ordinary heart dear. This is my heart I have brought down on this ring, so that you can always keep it with your heart,”

Raghav said to Aruni when they met online after the day’s ceremonies. They were so happy that they wanted to thank the social networking site which had bound them together.

They soon got married. Things were pretty good between the two of them. They were living a happy married life. Aruni always kept the engagement ring safely with her, close to her heart. She loved the ring more than any other thing in their house, more than the velvet curtains she had bought for Raghav, more than the crystal show piece her best friend had gifted her. The only thing she loved more than the ring was the online social network which had been their route to this ring and Raghav, of course!

They used to chat for hours when Raghav used to be in his office.

Raghav : Hi, how are you?

Aruni : You just left home an hour ago, won’t I be the same? ;-)

Raghav : Yes, my love. What have you been doing?

Aruni : Missing you!

Raghav : You have my heart with you, how can you miss me?

Things were pretty good and smooth until Raghav made a new online friend, Tanya.

Tanya : Hi

Raghav : Hello

Tanya : Can I be your friend? Can we talk?

Raghav : Okay

Tanya : Thanks

Raghav and Tanya started spending hours chatting and as a result, he started giving less time to Aruni.

Aruni would ping with a “Hi”, “Hello”, “Hey dear”, “Hi honey” and would keep waiting for his reply.

Initially, Raghav used to reply within 5 minutes, then 10 minutes, then 15, then 30 and no sooner Aruni had to shut down the system and go away. She ran to her room, lay on her back and weep, staring at the ring in her finger. She used to complain to Raghav and he would say that he was busy with a meeting, he was busy making money, so that he could give her all the luxuries she deserved.

But, Aruni deserved something else, and that was her husband’s love, his time, which used to be for her always. Now, she had even started feeling that the heart on the ring was no longer Raghav’s, it was gone, somewhere she could not find.

On the other hand, Raghav had started growing feelings for Tanya. He started paying less attention to his wife’s Hi’s and longed for Tanya to come online.

Raghav : I like talking to you

Tanya : So do I

Raghav : Let’s meet over coffee some day

Tanya : Ummm…why?

Raghav : I want to give you my heart

Tanya : Haha…stop joking

Raghav : I am not joking, I am serious. I love you Tanya.

Tanya : ……no reply

Raghav : I love you and I have also bought a ring for you in the shape of a heart. And remember, this is not an ordinary heart dear. This is my heart I have brought down on this ring, so that you can always keep it with your heart.

Tanya did not reply and suddenly went offline. Raghav consoled and assured himself that Tanya had the same feeling for him, as he had for Tanya. He diverted his mind to make plans as to how he would go and get Aruni’s ring! It was time before he got his next salary and now, that he had promised Tanya, he wanted that ring at any cost!

What would he go and tell Aruni, that he no longer loved her and loved someone else, that their four years of marriage was over now, that he wanted to take his heart away from her, which he had so lovingly given to her four years back, that their favorite lovers’ point- the online social network had added another love in his network? All these thoughts were floating in Raghav’s head when he reached home. He rang the door bell. Nobody answered. His heart panted, not for Aruni’s security but for the ring! He wanted it. He had forgotten Aruni’s love like a blow of wind! He rang again. Nobody answered. He took out the extra house key from his pocket and opened the door. Aruni was nowhere to be seen. He roamed about in the house but could not find her.

“Oh! My ring!”, he said to himself.

Then, something made him turn around. He looked at the computer which was on. Their favorite online social networking site had just been logged out. The home page displayed the last remembered id. It read :

“tanya147@g**il.com”.

14-7, the date of his wedding with Aruni. The proof of his infidelity echoed in front of his eyes. He was shocked!

Lying beside the computer was Raghav’s heart, the ring for which Raghav had been planning to take away from Aruni for Tanya or should it be said, take away from Aruni for Aruni!

__END__

