PROPOSAL – A Story Of Friendship And Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

LOVE LOVE LOVE.Love is everywhere.Love makes the world beautiful.People of all age have their very own love story.

This is the story of love and romance between Praneet and Nadhiya.

 Praneet is a Second Yr College student at Dhanal Engg College who fell in love with Nadhiya at the very first sight of her before two years.He has totally been in love for the past 2 yrs. But every time he tries to propose, he feels shy and scared ,so backs himself.

Nadhiya is one of the beautiful girls in the neighbourhood and their family shifted here before 2 yrs to this locality.She is also studying 2nd yr at Tango Engg College.

Today is Praneet’s 50rth Proposal Attempt.He kept on following Nadhiya from her home to propose his love to her.Nadhiya turned left at the end of the street. Praneet stood at the street end trying to turn in the left, but again he got shy and scared.So he turned right and went away to his college.

 They both walked different ways.

He felt ashamed of his shyness as he could not express his feelings to her.Then he met his friends Arun and Rakhil. They were eager to know whether Praneet Proposed Nadhiya.When they came to know about the failure of this attempt also, they started teasing and making fun of Praneet for the whole day.

 Then Arun decided to help Praneet to express his feelings to Nadhiya. All the three friends went to Nadhiya’s street in the evening and waited there for Nadhiya to arrive.

Nadhiya came a little later by that way and crossed these three standing there. Arun called out her name, but Nadhiya did not respond.He even tried screaming her name. But Nadhiya just walked not even noticing those three. Out of anger Arun screamed Nadhiya with very harsh words in front of everyone. Praneet could not tolerate those words from Arun, so Praneet started fighting with Arun and Rakhil.The three friends scattered in their own ways.

Praneet stopped hanging with Arun and Rakhil, and even stopped talking with them for about a month and half.

 Finally after two months Rakhil forced Arun and Praneet to overcome their misunderstandings and become friends again.They were friends again.True friendship always stays together in all times.

Arun offered help to unite Praneet and Nadhiya. But both Arun and Rakhil were shocked when Praneet said that he and Nadhiya were in love with each other.

 Arun and Rakhil were eager to know how Praneet proposed Nadhiya.Then Praneet said the truth behind the proposal.

The truth is Praneet never proposed Nadhiya. Nadhiya was waiting for Praneet to propose her for a long time and become fed up when he did not propose her. Finally Nadhiya herself went and proposed to Praneet.

 Thus both found their love of their life.

__END__

