“My wife died of Brain Haemorrhage. She accidentally slipped from the stairs and after a few seconds; she was lying in a pool of blood”, the man replied in a low and sorrowful tone. “Manav is traumatised after this incident and I wanted someone who could be a mother to him”

“Don’t worry Rajat, I’m always there for you and Manav “, a young woman in a bridal dress assuring Rajat. ”I’ll be a mother to him; he’ll be that happy and cheerful again “, she guaranteed.

“Thank you Sneha, I love you”, Rajat cried.

After 8 months of his wife’s demise, Rajat married a much younger Sneha whom he met in hospital; when she went to registered herself for organ donation. Rajat had a 8 year old son, Manav who was traumatised after his mother’s death and had no views on the new marriage.

Initially it took time for Sneha to interact with Manav and make him that cheerful and happy again but over time she succeeded. Their bond build stronger.

Sneha considered herself very blessed as she got a husband like Rajat. Rajat was a loving, caring and over protective husband. She was happily enjoying her married life.

It was Rajat’s first wife’s death anniversary; Rajat receives a call from hospital regarding an urgent need for a heart donor for transplanting. Rajat nods in affirmative, and promises them that he’ll soon find a donor.

“Be ready with my reward”, he replied and disconnected the call.

Sneha was preparing breakfast, Rajat silently entered kitchen and holds her from back, surprising her. “Sneha do you know any person who has O- blood group “, he asked.

“O- Blood group……..umm ….. I think no. But “

“But… what”

“It’s my blood group. But what is the matter.”

“Oh nothing dear”, he smiled and kissed her on forehead, “whatever happens, I have always loved you”. He left the kitchen.

Sneha was puzzled, why he asked such different things and ended up by saying ‘I love you’. She decided to have a word with him. She went to the drawing room where she saw Rajat holding his first wife’s picture and was weeping. “I’m sorry Ruhi. I miss you a lot. I have always loved you”, he cried.

Seeing this, Sneha became emotional. She consoled Rajat and fed him the breakfast.

Rajat left for work. Manav called Sneha upstairs to his room. He clasped her and started bawling. “I want to tell you something”, he cried, “My mother was MURDERED….. YOUR HUSBAND KILLED HER”

Sneha was startled. Manav being the only witness knew what exactly happened. He started.

That day, Ruhi was preparing breakfast; Rajat silently went to her and asked her blood group. She replied AB- to which he kissed her and said, “I love you” and left. After the dinner once Ruhi was going up to sleep someone hit her hard with a pestle. Ruhi screamed the loudest and collapsed. Within seconds, the floor was filled with blood. Manav saw that the blood dipped pestle was in Rajat’s hand. Rajat called someone and said the donor is ready. She gave life to two people by donating her liver and heart. Whereas Rajat received a huge amount.

Sneha was jolted. She never thought that a Rajat is such a devil. She started remembering today’s incident. The way he behaved today with her was similar to what he did earlier. “Please save me Manav, I don’t want to die” She started howling.

Rajat returned home, he rang the bell more than thrice, even called up Sneha but she didn’t responded. Quite worried he decided to open the door with the duplicate key. Once he opened the door, he heard the cries. “Please save me…Please… he’ll kill me”

Rajat understood that Sneha knows the truth. He got furious, went to kitchen took the pestle, silently went upstairs. He pushed the door. Rajat saw the pale , scared faces of Sneha and Manav.

“Please leave me Rajat…Please “

Rajat started laughing in an evil tone; Sneha has never seen this devil side of Rajat. He held her hair and started to drag her mercilessly to the staircase. Though Manav tried to save her but he failed, Rajat locked him in the room.

Rajat took the pestle out; looked at Sneha emotionally, kissed her forehead. Within seconds Manav heard Sneha’s loudest scream followed by a pin drop SILENCE.

After 8 months,

“Both of my previous wives died of brain haemorrhage…………….”

–END–

