After relaxing holidays with my parents in Himachal Pradesh, I was back to my same routine.  Sitting in my workstation suddenly the call rings “Tring Tring”   

I could hear a soft spoken lady from the other side, who introduced herself as  Mrs. Dasgupta

“Hello Nandini, I am Mrs. Dasgupta talking from Delhi, I got your contact details from Jeevansathi.com. We are looking for a prospective bride for my younger brother Naboneel” 

I was neutral. No excitement.  This was quite normal for me. Since  past 12 months I had put my profile on Jeevansathi.com, hoping to find my second life partner. 

Every other day I received an alliance related call and it had become an integral part of my daily life. At the point of time, I jotted down a two-page documents regarding my  introduction and it had become byheart, A series of interrogate questions which were generally ask by the perspective alliance, I wanted to be overprepared after my disaster first innings but at this stage I byhearted with my introduction and confidently face the interrogate session.

I walked back home and started my preparation for cookie, which is generally my half time task. Cooking for me  is like stress relief therapy which I normally do after my college hour to relax from my  fully  packed schedule. 

Since  it was my first  attempt  to bake cookies, I was bit confused and lost in the subtleties of the process of baking cookies. 

As my hands neared the microwave, and I opened its door – came a sound from nowhere.

“Beep Beep” 

The msg read “Ami Naboneel bolchi, Apnar contact details didi tike pelam (Naboneel  speaking, I got your contact details from my elder sister)” I was really surprised!!  A man speaking with so much of respect, I was overwhelmed. 

For a few moments Back to my previous phase of my life “Partha my ex-husband who never refer “tumi” to me always use “tui”. Never give respect to me nor to my parents first time ever  heard “Appni” from  man and that touched my heart. 

BEEP BEEP

Microwave time alert stop  “and I  smell the aroma of the cookies .

Time flies but memories continue to remain in our heart.

After completing my dinner, Its mother time (The only time where I talk heart to heart with my mother), I discussed my  entire day with her, she is the only woman in my life who listen to my words and support me through every thin and thick, I am blessed to have her in my life. 

Once I done with mother daughter interaction,  I put down my head on pillow and  think about my speech  on 8

 March ( International women day), My first achievement award speech, “I dedicate this award to my mother, because her inspiring words help me to achieve my dream  and heal my pain and get back to my life, though she(maa)  was a school dropout lady, but her positive approach  towards life  is incredible. She makes my life meaningful. 

 I fell asleep while thinking, around 10:30pm call rang trign tring. It was Naboneel. I picked up the call and said.

Me: Hello, Naboneel

Naboneel: Hello Nandini, Hope I didn’t disturb u

Me: No, not at all, Hope you are doing good

Naboneel: Yes, I heard from sister that you are doing your software certification course from ASB. “ASB still exists!! “

Me: Laugh !! haha yes, we globally ranked.

Naboneel: I completed my  Data Analytics in the year 2008 from ASB, it was a recession batch. Old faculties still take the classes.

Me: Yeah, but many new faculties joined ASB. Many new courses are added. 

Naboneel : U speak Bangla so well, being “probasi” you speak fluently.

Me: I love my language, I can speak, read and write in my mother tongue.

Naboneel: Catch u later!! Good night and sleep well

Me: Good night

After keeping the phone, I was thought, it’s an off-track interaction. Unlike my previous alliance interrogation session.  The entire discussion was revolved around the ASB. 

I FELL ASLEEP

Next morning get back to my college, same sessions, same faculties and same assignments !!!  I  was getting bored with my monotonous routine, when my phone again rang

Beep Beep

Naboneel : HI

Me: Hi, what’s going.

Nabobeel : (Jhar khachi clients and boss tike) Both my boss and client abusing me with different languages.

Me: HAHAHAHA!! Life is so simple. we make it complex. My life become sandwich between professor and assignments

Nabonee: Yes, Coz we can’t define our own happiness and satisfaction.

Me: You had your lunch?

Naboneel : Yeah

Me: Naboneel, catch you in evening.

Me: get back to my work and calling my friends Dharmick !! Let’s go to pantry and have cup of coffee. Dharmik and Sanya my close buddy in ASB family. My day start and ends with them. We three musketeers and we love talking non-sense. After sipping some tea 

Back to home, I text Naboneel u free? After few mins he replied me back: yeah

Me: Howz your  day?

Naboneel : Well, good… Nandini if you have any questions please free to ask me any time.

Me: Okay! But I don’t have any questions so far.

Naboneel: Why no questions

 Silent. And   I change my track and ask  him  about his favorite subjects during ASB DATA Analytic sessions.

And   our endless conversation started. Night ends and we both slept.

Same routine but something different today, we three musketeers bunk the class and went to B-Town Mall, to watch Punjabi movie “ Mukhlawa” . My first Punjabi movie, without knowing the dialect I enjoyed the whole movie. 

Movie over, we went back to college.

I share the whole “movie” incidence with Naboneel,

Naboneel:  Suddenly Why Punjabi movie?

Me: To get break from my monotonous schedule.

Naboneel : Hmm.. Now show your friends some Bengali movie name “Sukhno Lanka” Dry  Chilli

Me: HAHAHAHAH!!! Sure

Naboneel had started adding some flavor to my monotonous schedule, Our never ending chat and call started bringing joy in my life. I bunked my work and started giving more time to Naboneel. I pray to almighty this small happiness retains in my life.

Naboneel, has a   good sense of humor, his talks brought a smile in my face. I became die -hard fan of his poem. His instant poem building skills brings 1000 power volt smile on my face. 

Naboneel has one more special quality, he always ready to help,  at anytime at any moment. One Instance I remembered, I was preparing for my research proposal for the “ABC Foundation” for grant though he was busy with his work, but he manage his time and review my proposal for the fourth times. After this instance I started respecting him a lot, a man from his busy schedule manage time for my small work. 

For a few moments back to my early marriage days, During the stay with  my  husband in Pune, I get a interview call, as it was a new city for me; I request my husband to drop me in the interview location  but I never expect such a reply 

Husband: Nandini, “It’s your exam, you have to manage your own thing, I didn’t ask you to apply for this job. It’s your call”. 

After that reply, I remove the word expectation from my “life dictionary” 

Another name of “Life” is to “Move on..”,  Me to follow this simple philosophy in my life “Move on” ….but small incidence that  never fades

Naboneel  is a good listener and also deliver his points  structurally  and  logically, I remember one instance.

One night, I asked Naboneel, can I look my parents even after marriage, because they are growing old and being elder child of my parents, I have some responsibility towards them. His explanation was Nandini,“ we both are looking for second marriage,  we don’t  want to repeat the same incidence that happened with us earlier.  I am looking for family-oriented girl who understand the meaning of “Sansar”/ family world, where each day will not be same, every day there will be new situation but  both of us to have manage and handle those situations,  and   also able to maintain our marital graph in a straight direction. Husband and wife relation are different from other relations, It’s like an ocean of emotions and feelings. For happy marriage both partners must be taken as a granted, no ego word should exist in the relationship and communication is the only tools for successful marriage, and silence kills the relationship. Regarding taking care of parents it’s our duty and topmost priority but both of us handle the situation according to the requirement of the circumstances. When I listen Naboneel way of dealing life is entirely different what I had experience in my past married life. In my early life my mother -in- law used to say that, once girl get married, she must detach all the relationship from her maternal side. 

This small incidences, grew my love and respects towards Naboneel. My day start with his good morning msg and night ends with his good night msg, I was in love with my  new (Naboneel) routine.

 Our endless talk ended up in a meeting, As, I was based in Mohali , and he resided in Delhi. 

He too was excited because it was his first visit to Mohali, Punjab and visiting his college as an alumnus. 

He caught his Shatabdi Train from Delhi station on 20

 June. As his train was moving with high speeds, my heart beats went high. 

I was quite excited to meet with him.  I went back to my sweet sixteen age, full preparation on, set my dresses with matching accessories, plan my day with him. Butterflies were flying in my heart.

Once he reached Chandigarh station, he got the car and way to  ASB Campus,  around 11:30pm he reached campus.  His room was booked in student village at  studio quarter. 

Me normally waiting for his phone call and my  mobile bell rings tring tring!!

Naboneel : Hi, feeling nostalgic, in my campus, back to  college life.

Me: Yes, true.  Night view at ASB is splendid. If you are not tired you can explore LRC(Learning resource center)

Naboneel: Yes. See u tomorrow morning

Me: Yes, you take rest. 

Though it was summer, but it seems like a long winter night, I was eagerly waiting for the morning. As the first daylight enter in my room my heart sings and I welcome the pleasing day light with big smile.

I get fresh, and prepare sweet dishes (Halwa) for him, once he shares that, he loves to eat desi ghee halwa with less sugar content but with more dry fruits. I prepare the same halwa for him. That morning, I select the best dress from my wardrobe and put makeup. After grooming I booked Ola cab and reached college. Once I reach his apartment where he was staying. As I take lift my heart beats raise and I my mind was interrogate with thousand questions. 

Once I reach, I rang the calling bell of his room (TIN TIN)

Naboneel, open the door, With his charming smile, he welcome me in his room. as I enter his room.

As, I was bit shy in nature instead of looking him, I start exploring his room, and I open my bag and gave him the Halwa (sweet dishes).

As it our first meeting, We went to Sarovar Food court for Breakfast, we both ordered Paratha and dahi. After having our breakfast, I went  back to my 2hrs session. 

My session starts, but my mind was revolving around Naboneel talks and watching the clock. When the session ended. 

I received a call from Naboneel:  Nandini “when you will come? I am Waiting for you”. 

After few mins, I reached his room and  kept my bag and seat comfortable in the sofa and we both started interacting with each other, as both of us in the flow of our discussion suddenly  Naboneel  phone rings Tring Tring,. “Copper”,He is a Global head  and “Naboneel’s” reporting manager. 

As Naboneel was in call, suddenly his ears become red and face get pale. Situation got tensed, within few minutes he arranged a core team conference with Copper. And I was witnessing the entire quarter ends scenario. Meeting continue for few hours. 

Once he done with his meeting, we went for lunch at “Mainland China”. However in this stressful environment he brings smile in my face with his powerpack poem, with this we finished our Lunch and we back to campus. 

As we both entered in room, without any second thought and without seeking Naboneel’s person I went to his bedroom and take rest. 

After few hours, when I woke up, and check him in his drawing room he was busy with his work.  

I told him, lets get ready “I will show you my workstation and introduce you with my best friends” Its was a delightful meeting both my friends enjoy  Naboneel’s company . 

22

 June, Golden day of my life. Man with all his good traits stolen my heart and that day I decided I can spend my entire life with him peacefully. Man with no pretentious behavior, his humble personality and respect towards women stolen my heart completely.

The beautiful moments come to an end, when he returned Delhi and join work life. His words always hit in my ear “Being single you are managing everything beautifully. Be safe and take care”

After his statement, my perception changed for men. 

He changed my perceptions towards Men. “Men do respect women and treat them well” 

The day he returned Delhi, he got busy with his quarter ends. I started missing him. 

My Naboneel routine came to ends he occupied with his work,  Days passed I found our chat and words become blurred.  I felt depressed and low, I share my incidence with my close buddy Dharmik and Sanya they advised me to express my feeling to Naboneel, They told, “if you express your feelings to him , you will  feel relief” .

One night, I gain my courage and called him around 11:30pm

Me: Hope you are doing good, sorry to disturb you at late night

Naboneel: Yeah I am good, no worry.

Me: I want to say you something

Naboneel: Yeah, Please

Me: The day our conversation begins, I received a positive vibe from you. You the first man who change my perception towards  men.  You treat woman with respect and know the importance of family (Sonsar), all these qualities connect me with you easily. The day we met was the auspicious moment of my life.  I love you Naboneel.

Naboneel: Pin drop silence, without any response “Good Night and sleep well”

Me: You too good night

We did not get married. I have a soulful connection with him. This episode of my life taught me a meaningful lesson. It explained the difference between love and attachment. My love is not to hold him tight but allow him to fly like birds, so he can choose his own path and directions and stay happy

Till date I love him and wish him all happiness and success.

And, I am happy with my same ASB schedule, with my two close buddies.

–END–

