Short Story – Love Letter

Photo credit: 

 from 

Where shall I start? I wish I was a poet to express my feelings as it is, how I feel about you at my heart.

It was nearly fifteen years ago, I started dreaming about you, I never seen you, yet you were always there in my heart and everywhere around me.

I was sitting beside window in a bus, and you smiled at me sitting under a tree on my way. I was looking into mirror and you smiled at me in my reflection. I never felt alone, you just followed me everywhere.

One day I was sitting alone and crying, and suddenly you were there offering your shoulder to rest my head and sleep, one day I was so happy in my life but alone, you were there again not just to share my happiness, but to double it.

I never thought of conquering this world, but day and night I dreamed of conquering your heart. I know, that’s the only place where I can be happy at. I spent sleepless nights with fear of losing battle with your heart.

I spent years with you, without you actually being with me. I never knew when you are going to come into my life, but I always knew one day you will come for sure into my life and bring millions of smiles.

The day has finally come, when god wanted me to stop years of waiting for my “SweetHeart”, and how can I forget that first day when I saw you? But, I never knew its “you”, who were there with me all these years of my happiness and sorrows. But, that day I felt from bottom of my heart, that it must be definitely you who played hide and seek with my heart all these days.

I cherished every moment when I met you, but also every moment I feared what if it’s not you whom I thought is the one who were there in my dreams all these days. Sweet pain in my heart grew day by day with anxiety, not knowing how to win your heart.

But the life has its own twist, and first time I knew what it means if you have to cry with your heart, not with your eyes.

You left me, only to make my love grow on you. I still remember what I use to say to myself in those days. “Loving is fun, loosing loved one hurts, but it’s worth going through the pain of losing loved ones, than never loving at all”. ? I remember the nights spending cursing myself for being unlucky to not to have in my life. I never felt bad that you left me, but I was happy that, I would have never seen my dream girl whom I dreamed about since childhood, had you not come into my life.

Life seemed dull without you. Not because you left me, you were there always with me like you did for past ten years before we actually met, but now a days i don’t see you smiling at me in my reflection in the mirror, i see you feeling guilt of leaving me alone. One day i was crying and i was hoping that you will come to soothe me by making me sleep on your lap, but you never came, i started crying even more when i realized that you may never come again to wipe out my tears.

I was not sad about me, i was sad about you that, who will make you smile?

I think, you went away from me, only to make me grow my love on you.

Nothing gives you more happiness than a moment of loved one coming back into our lives, I said million thanks to god, for getting back you to me, what a wonderful twist god has for me in my life. I don’t remember how it felt like taking your hands into mine for first time, and I don’t repent for that, after all I feel so special even today when I take your hands into mine.

I am not sure, how my life would have been without you, but I am sure how happy my life will be till my last breathe with you around.

Love you always, lucky to have you.

__END__

