“Lights, action, camera”, this was my life until she came. I lived a dramatic life, born in a prestigious film family, grown up by learning acting skills, and now am one of the person in the industry with huge stardom. Wherever I go I could see a lot of people around me, actually around my stardom. My life is going busy and boring with all this stuff.

Apart all this, I have a truthful friends who can take off all my stress and loves me truly, i.e.., carlsberg beer and pub at mid-nights. These became my true companions to get out of this world.

As-usual like every day i went to the pub which is in the outskirts of the city where there is less crowd and I could have some privacy. I had a peg and looking at the people who were drunken and dancing. Then something, actually someone caught my eyes, Yes! it was her! In a white salwar. She was just like an Angel in the Bloody Hell. The world never knew what is real me and even i never know. I never thought of loving someone, doing small things for their huge happiness. Just a sight of her made me to think lot about myself. For the first my heart felt like skipping away and my mind jumped into dreams. I could see nothing but “only me with her, living happily”.

With a strong beat of music I came back to current world. I started searching for her here and there, but sadly i couldn’t find her anywhere. My brain started blaming me for dreaming too much and missing her while my heart was still in confusion whether i really saw her or it was just my hallucination.

One month passed away and I was still in puzzled condition. Whatever, my new movie released and I had to take up promotions, attend press meets, channel interviews.

“one of the top rating news paper wants your interview, sir” this was the message i got from my manager.

It was morning 10’o clock, I went to the interview room. I could see a girl turned other side in pink salwar. My heart started hitting hard in an expectation of “what if it is her”. And for my jollity it was her again. I lost control over my mind. She introduced herself as “Mira”. Her fruity voice, her alluring face, her scent everything are distracting me. However, with hard control over my emotions I completed my Interview. This is most loved interview ever. I really never knew that a girl’s simple smile can change everything.

I started admiring her. I started watching every programme of her. Actually i started stalking her. But I don’t know how to confess all this to her. Despite being a star hero i couldn’t approach a girl. And finally I decided to meet her. My mind started shooting many questions “How will you meet her?”, “what is the reason you are going tell for your meeting?”, “what if she rejects you after you confess your feelings?”. I still couldn’t buildup strength to talk to her.

Days are passing and I’m stalking her but not talking to her. As my manager knocked the door I payed bit attention to my surroundings. He is with news that someone wants a meeting with me regarding a funds collection programme. I rejected simply, but I think my manager was very much interested in that programme so tried to convince me. He revealed that this project is being taken up by a girl named “Mira”. I jumped out of my seat and said to let her inside. I don’t know what happened to me I’m looking into mirror, setting my hair, checking my dress and it was the first time doing these crazy things. I think these were the symptoms of a person getting into love.

She knocked the door and came in. Like every time she is beautiful in purple salwar. She started explaining about her project but i could hear nothing, i could see nothing. I don’t know when she started and when she completed, now she was waiting for my reply. My brain was giving too adventurous ideas to propose her but my heart was not supporting. A battle started between those two. But my mouth said “I’m going to take this project and help you in all possible ways i could”, to her.

I got some reason to talk to her, know her, see her, love her to no-boundaries. As days passing i goto now her more and more. We became much closer just like loyal friends. Every thought of her is making me to fall for her. She is beautiful not only by appearance but also by heart. I never met a person like her till then, such a soft-hearted, she had grown mature but never killed child in her, finds satisfaction in other’s happiness. She also changed my view towards world. I could see my life more beautifully and meaningfully. World seemed like heaven with her presence. What this girl done to me? Surprisingly I’m loving myself more.

Our project of funds collection came to a successful end. We reached our target and I felt like it was my first gift to my girl. She was happy for this and called me up for a small private party to celebrate this success. I decided, whatever is going to happen I will profess my love as this would be the best time and place. I took a bouquet of red roses though they are not more beautiful than her.

I reached the party place. I entered and searching for her, yes! there she is in a Red salwar and as I said before she is beautiful than these roses. I bent on my knees before her because i deliberately needed her love and wanted her always beside me. My lips quivering to confess her. But somehow I pulled all the mental strength in me and said  “I LOVE YOU MIRA”. I’m really scared of her reaction in next moment. Just with in the seconds my heart starting beating fast like it may stop if she said “NO”, my eyes are ready to weep.

After few seconds she threw a gentle smile. And then I born again. My new life started. She became everything. My love to her has no boundaries.

–END–

