Romantic Story – Love and promise…..

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hey, we’re going to be friends forever, right? Even though you’re leaving, right?”  Stella caught onto the kid’s arm firmly, not perceiving that her fingers were leaving checks on his lower arm. Her face was streaming with tears, despite the fact that she had guaranteed herself she would not sob and ruin Charles’ minute. He was being embraced, what each youngster needed, considerably her.

“I make a guarantee to I’ll visit, don’t stress.” He overlooked the vicinity of his unseasoned parents and gave Stella an embrace. “Here, I purchased this for you. I know the extent to which you like bears.”

“Charles, dear, we need to go now.” The delicate voice made the young lady blast into much more tears.

“Bye, Stella. I’ll see you soon.” He provided for her a kiss on the face and left her embracing the stuffed bear firmly against her.

———-

“You look radiant! Why not turn out and appreciate the gathering?” Stella heard a voice call from behind her as she viewed her appearance in the mirror, her long white dress touching the ground.

“Is it necessary to go out there? I could simply stay in here,” She looked towards her companion, abruptly feeling unsure by her appearance.

“Let me remind you, you are the person who asked for us to come here? You were the person who needed to re-join with your sweetheart, didn’t you?” Mary said, delivering a sarcastic tone.

Stella thought back in the mirror again and sighed. The festival of his twenty-third birthday conceded her an approach to at last see him following thirteen years.

“I realize that, I’m simply a bit terrified. Considering the possibility that he doesn’t prefer me; On the other hand, hold up. Imagine a scenario in which he doesn’t considerably recalls me”

“You’d never know until you attempt to see him, presently go ahead,” With that, Mary hauled her out of the washroom and into the corridor where the gathering was held.

She heaved as she saw the grandness of the room. It got to be clear how fortunate Charles’ family was with the rich measure of enhancements that littered the lobby.

As she looked around to process what she was seeing, her cheeks flushed as she got a quick look at Charles. His dark hair brushed back, matching the suit that made him appear like eminence.

“That is him.” She whispered, getting Mary by the arm as she did so. “Stella. I realize what he appears as though; I’ve seen him in the recent past. Don’t you recall that?” Her voice loaded with irritation. “Guess what? We should separate; you go and converse with him. I’ll be here socialising, OK?” She didn’t give Stella an opportunity to react before she left.

 

She looked towards Charles once more. This would be her opportunity to reconnect with him, why wasn’t she taking it? With a surrendered sigh, she headed straight towards the open gallery, snatching a glass of wine from a passing server as she did so.

“You’re so inept.” She whispered to herself as she looked down into her glass, twirling it around as she quitted her brain. Here she was, twenty-one and acting like a youngster.

“Do you mind if I go along with you?” She fondled her heart pick its pace.

“Yes sure, either way I needed a company.” She felt a surge of pride.

“I’m Charles.” He held out his hand and provided for her a grin.

“Stella. It’s an extraordinary gathering,”

“Much appreciated, I’ll need to pass that on to my mother, she is the one who organised it,” He chuckled, “Be seated with me”

He hadn’t remembered her name. She sat down before him and was confused how to make him recall their childhood days.

“So,” she winced marginally as she squeaked out. “Let me know about yourself.”

It wasn’t much sooner than they sat there chuckling, though he was totally overlooking the memories he had with her.

“I used to be an orphan,” He reacted with a solemn tone when she realised, now she can talk about their past.

“Do you mind, to dance with me. I am sorry its abrupt,” He talked sharply.

She nodded and he delicately drove her to the move floor. Stella saw the room turn as Charles held her hand to spin her delicately.

“Sorry, about that.” Stella winced as she stepped on his foot.

“If I knew how unsafe you’d be, I wouldn’t have requested that you hit the dance floor with me.” He kept on chuckling as her face turned red.

She stayed quiet, looking down to spotlight on her feet, cautious, not to venture on him once more.

“However I’m just joking.” He said modest, “listen, can I take off your mask? I need to see your face.”

She could just nod, shutting her eyes as she felt him take the straps behind her ear off tenderly.

“Charles! You’ve to blow your birthday cake now!” A voice sounded from behind.

“I’ll be back.” She could just nod before he was pulled away.

 

——-

“I can’t trust you simply left him. Imagine a scenario in which he backtracked to search for you?” Stella sighed as Mary rambled on.

Taking hold of the blade by the table, Stella tenderly cut off cuts from the cakes, setting it gently onto the plates. She gave the client a grin as she gave him a cut of the cake.

The chimes from the entryway sounded, flagging another guest.

“Hi, welcome to –.” She halted herself from proceeding with her ordinary welcome as she saw the individual remaining before the counter.

“Along these lines, this is the place you work?” Charles was remaining there, gone was the suit and slicked back hair; however to Stella he was still delightful.

“How did you discover me?” She attempted to keep her voice enduring.

“Did you prepare the cake for my gathering? Assuming this is the case, it was really great cake.” He disregarded her question,”

“Anyhow I wasn’t –.”

“Like I said it was a great cake. You could have let me know.” His voice made her gaze toward him in perplexity.

“Could have let you know what?”

“Who you were. I needed to figure out through my mother.”

“I was going to let you know, however you continued interfering with me.” She gave a little giggle.

“You’re so excellent.” He hung over to touch her cheek.

She snatched his hand and held it in her grasp. “I’ve missed you to such an extent.”

“I’ve missed you as well”

__END__

