Life can be like this ,I had never imagined of… I was a nerd whose life was confined only within books . But it is rightly said “ Life me khuch bhi ho sakta hai” and so did my life also changed after meeting him . I became aware of myself whom I had lost somewhere in my childhood and devoted myself only to books and my aim for life became only to attain first rank always and I didn’t cared about anything else that probably all girls of my age were conscious about (either it be looks or dresses or hair and blah blah ..all so-called girlish stuffs, I didn’t posses any) .My world was confined only within books and I was happy for the cause my parents felt proud on me includes all family members too loved me for the reason of being studious apart from my cousins who were jealous of me for I was the reason of getting them scolded due to less marks than mine..

Well may be it was their prayer or a miracle of god that I began looking besides my books too. I began feeling the musical notes in my heart and I began laughing on silliest things too .A drastic change in me had occurred and it’s all because of him.. .. I got admitted to AIIMS Delhi, my dream destination for my MBBS degree where I met him and got a new me ….

New institute ,new friends, new environment but was exited most about my new BOOKS and now I wished for a peaceful environment for me and my love ..books . Well I did got a good room and a perfect partner Sameera .She was cute, lovely , quiet girl as I wished for and never interrupted me for any kind of gossip which I didn’t want( truly I hate any gossip apart from ..you know right! Books/ studies) and my life there again was brilliant and again I became devotee of my books. I never made any friend other than sameera and neither did anyone came to me also seeing me indulge in my studies…

One day when I was studying in the class deeply concentrated in my books someone tapped at my desk and when I looked up there ,before me was standing a 6″ feet tall boy with fair chicks, messy hairs in red shirt having alcoholic eyes . My eyes were stuck on his face and trying to understand what his moving lips were telling but the effort was in vain and I couldn’t hear anything what he spoke just only felt his lips moving . He then moved his hand before my eyes and then was my hypnotism broken and I came to the real world and heard him saying ” Now for whom are you waiting for to move?”.

I asked ” Where I have to move?”.

I saw his face was making an expression of ‘what’s nonsense ‘ type and asked me ” Didn’t you heard what I told you now “.

I said “sorry but I didn’t pay attention to it, as I was remembering my theory ” .

Again I saw his shocked face and then he said “ well enough ! actually there is a basketball match going on and all are requested to assemble in the court and I hope everyone has left only you are here so will you please move?”.

I looked at him and asked ” is it necessary for all to watch ?I mean if possible can I leave for my hostel?” .

Now I can see his eyes were wide open glaring at me as if making himself assure that I belonged to the same planet ! and then asked me “seriously ! you don’t like to watch basketball?”.

I said ” Yes, everyone has different choice and my choice is not games” .

He looked at me and asked ” May I know what’s your choice then?” .

I said ” study ! Do you have any problem?”.

He said ” why should I have a problem ? well and good is your choice . You can leave to your hostel if you want . And I am leaving as I need to attend it”.

And there he ran from there as if he was going to miss his last train to his destiny. I watched him and then picked my bag to proceed towards my destiny…

I was busy studying and there bumped sameera in room and asked me ” Hey ,Meera you are studying still. you know today you missed a great event ,it was an excellent game buddy! If only you could have watched Kartik playing I can bet ,you would have also loved him .Our eyes were stuck only on him .

He was playing bravo! dear”. I intrupted and asked ” what are you telling sameera, you know that I don’t like talking about these stuffs, then how come today are you talking about these? ” .

Sameera looked at me and said “sorry Meera but ,I said exactly what you missed and truly saying I am not like you.I am a normal girl who finds happiness outside books and if you don’t like I will not intrupt you ,you can carry on! ” .

I could feel the anger in her voice so I replied ” Hey dear ,I didn’t mean that . Sorry if you are hurted .Okay now tell are your assignments completed? Tomorrow only we have to submit ” .

And then a scary emotion appeared on her face and she said. ” Oh !god I really haven’t done anything what am I going to do now? “.

Seeing her emotion I smiled and said ” Don’t worry ,darling I have completed mine and you can copy it down soon and if you need any further assistance I am here only “. Hearing my word she came near me and gave me a tight hug and told ” That’s my best buddy .sometimes its good to have friends like you too”. And together we giggled.

The next day when I was going towards my class while taking the turn I clashed with something very hard and was about to fall but was saved by the arms of the very person I clashed with .I was down in the arms and as I opened the eyes I saw those same fair cheeks with alcoholic eyes just above my face and I could feel his warmth .Then with the noise around our eyelock was broken and we returned to our senses and he helped me to stand erect in my position and asked me ” Are you alright? “.

I replied “I am fine”.

He then asked me” excuse me,If I am not wrong then ,you are the same girl whom I met yesterday busy with books”.

I looked on him and said “yes, it was me only” .

He then smiled and asked me ” so miss padhakoo were you still thinking about your studies only ? please try to live in present otherwise you may fall again “.

I glared on him in anger and said ” Its none of your business to know what I think about “. And then I moved from there but heard him saying ” god what a strange girl is she? ” .But I didn’t look back to respond as I could hear his footsteps going far so decided to reach my class.

When I went to take my seat I saw him entering the class but I tried not paying attention to and thought maybe he is back again searching me for I responded rudely to him. But he moved to a desk and put his bag over there .so he was not my senior but my classmate . How strange ! today first time I am noticing him in my class . I think Sammera tells right I am too much engrossed in my books that I even don’t know my classmates. Good for God’s sake ,now no need to fear about as he isn’t my senior . And then I saw someone approaching near him and said. ” Hey ,kartik how’s the practice going man ” . So his name is K-a-r-t-i-k ,I feel I have heard this name before also but can’t remember where.

And then came sameera near me and asked ” what are thinking about” I replied ” Hey , were you telling me yesterday about someone when you came back ” she replied and said ” yeah ,I was telling about kartik our brilliant basketball player . Bravo did he played yesterday .But why are you asking me this now ? “.

I said “nothing important, just like that was asking “.And then the teacher entered and we were adjusted to our seats.

The class continued and during recess time we were in the garden sitting on the bench kept there and I was busy in my books and someone appeared before me. To my amazement it was kartik .But he didn’t notices me and came near sameera and asked ” hey, sameera are my assignments completed? “.

She nodded and asked ” so how is your practice going on” .

He replied ” well, and good ,Was going for practice itself and then I remembered about the assignment so I made my way up to here.”

sameera told ” well ,you concentrate on your games ,we are here to deal with your assignments but we cannot tolerate ‘Dragon drift’ defeating our team ( Warriors high) .

He replied ” unless and untill I am there I will never let that happen.” .

Sameera nodded and said “we too trust you and so its our responsibility thus make you free from these so call obstacles in form of assignment.” and they giggled . He then asked ” so can I get my assignment please so that I can go to practice soon”.

Sameera said ” yeah sure just wait a minute I am finding it. ” . then he turned his look and found me sitting over there with my books .so asked me ” hi miss padhakoo you are studying still, good idea though.But want to ask you one thing. Don’t you feel irritated studying so much ?. I mean I have ever met those people who do some other activities too apart from studies .so don’t you do anything apart from studies ” .

I replied ” I love to study so why will I feel irritated ? And what problem do you have if I am studying ” .

He replied” why will I have any problem but being a medical student I must suggest you that we must give some time to other activities apart from studies to keep it fresh otherwise it may lead to a brain disorder later . ”

I looked directly in his eyes and said” oh really! But don’t forget I too am a medical student myself and I know better how can a brain disorder occur and you must not forget while studying we only need to take a gap per 20 minutes and I do so. Therefore there isn’t a chance for mine brain disorder .!”

He saw me in surprise and said ” I feel great listening to you and I feel It’s the 20 th minute that you looked up and saw me .totally great! dude” and then he asked the papers from sameera .He quickly turned the pages to review and after examining it said ” Thank you sameera .you guys are worthy helpful to me.”

sameera could just only smile and then kartik asked ” How do you manage with her , don’t you feel bored ” signaling with his eyes to me .

Then sameera replied ” sorry ! she never bothers anyone .And is my best helpful friend and your assignment pages are written by her not me”

He looked shocked and I too looked up with a ‘how so happened look’ toward sameera and glared at her ” How could you tell lie to me for completing his assignment .I am not gonna spare you .”

And then sameera kept her hand over my shoulder and told” chill dear , you know he was busy practicing for games How could have he completed these assignments along”.

I replied in a harsh tone to sameera looking at kartik ” But he must complete his work by his own as he always gives lecture about doing other activities too apart from studying to keep mind fresh .Then why participating in games are affecting his studies .It should have made him more fresh to study better.”

I saw now anger arouse on kartik’s face and he replied ” Have you ever played ? sorry! how could you . you don’t know even about games .If I didn’t knew about managing time I wouldn’t have been admitted here. But you must remember participating in-game and playing on regular basis are far different from each other “.

I replied ” How can you tell that I don’t know about games .I know well about how to play a game but don’t have much interest in it ”

He looked shocked and replied ” sorry ,but I can’t believe my ear untill I see it from my eyes ”

I replied ” okay I am ready to have a match with you “.

He looked at me ” really ! well then this sunday its fixed ”

I replied ” okay” . And then we moved apart.

While on the way sameera asked me ” Are you crazy ? you will play with kartik, then be sure to lose .”

I asked ” Have you ever seen me playing? ” she replied ” No , but have seen him playing and no one can win over him ” .

I told her ” you better wait and watch the game .” she looked at me mysteriously but didn’t spoke anything later.

So finally came the most awaited. day ” Sunday ” and was ready in my shirt and trouser. When sameera looked at me she asked ” are sure you are going? ” .

I nodded .Then she said” well then I too am joining you just in two minutes “. And finally we proceeded towards the basketball court .There was he standing with the ball in his hand wearing blue jersey and trouser with his tangled hair and his chicks were turned to red due to sun and eyes were captivating me.And then whispered sameera into my ears ” oh god! how dashing is he looking . Anyone will die on his looks . ” I told her to shut her mouth and let me concentrate over the plan for game. ” .

As we reached near he looked at me and said ” so you are here .I thought you won’t come” .

I replied ” I am not a coward and I keep my promises ”

He replied ” well and good ! so should we start the game.”.

I nodded .And then sameera showed her thumbs up and moved to the side.And here the ball was thrown and it landed in my hands . I started dribbling and he was there trying to defence me and get the ball but I managed to reach the goal post and threw the ball to basket. But he jumped and stopped my ball and it landed in his hand instead th basket . Now he was dribbling and I was defending and trying to get the ball and I succeeded and ball was in my hand but in seconds he got it from my hand and he rushed to the basket but stopped by hearing a sound and looked back and I was fallen down holding my legs .

And then sameera approached to me .He too left the ball and ran towards me .They asked me if I am okay .I replied ” yeah I am fine ” and tried to stand up but I couldn’t it pained a lot .

He looked at me and asked “what happened ” I replied ” Its paining and I can’t stand up” .

He said ” what ? let me check ” and told to put my feet forward . I just cried holding sameera’s hand while he opened the shoes and took out my feet ,and said ” oh ! you have got sprain and you were saying you are fine .How could you do it meera” .

He then pressed at some points which pained a lot so I removed his hand from mine and said ” it’s paining a lot .please leave ” .

He said ” How will you be okay then ,Let’s go to the doctor ” .

He helped me in standing properly but I was unable to walk .He said ” How will you go then? wait I have an idea” and in few seconds he held me up and I was in his arms lying and my hands around his neck. I was surprised and asked him ” what are you doing kartik ? please put me down.”

He said ” Do you have any other option ? you can’t walk so how will you go to doctor .so let me do it.” and then he made his move towards hospital and sameera also followed us holding my shoes. We reached to the doctor and there he examined me and applied the ointment and did the bandage and told me about Do’s and Don’t Do’s list and then we were released .

Now again they both helped me to walk and somehow we reached till stairs .Now again he held me up and I was again in his arms lying ,holding his neck by my hands seeing through his alcoholic eyes and we reached the hostel room. Sameera opened it and then kartik put me on my bed.And asked “Are you okay now” .

I nodded . He again asked ” I didn’t knew you were so careless? ”

I replied ” what have I done it was you who hit me?”

He then said ” If only you could have done little warmup it wouldn’t have resulted severely .”.

I replied “Then why didn’t you reminded me if I didn’t remember.You knew that I don’t play often .sorry! don’t play actually .so it’s totally your fault”

He looked at me and said” I didn’t thought you are a kid who need to be reminded always for everything” .

In anger I said” I am in pain and you are fighting with me .I don’t need your lecture now,you may leave now” .

He replied “fine! I am going but not because you want but to buy your medicines” and then he left banging the door .

I muttered ” Mr.cruel” and then sameera told me ” He helped you so much and you are telling him cruel.Nobody can understand you .Why can’t you see how much he cared for you .I wish I ould have fallen instead”.

I replied in anger ” shut up your mouth sameera,anything you speak ” .

She replied “I am telling the truth only, remember truth is always bitter .How nicely he lifted you in his arms so romantic .”

I yelled at her saying ” stop talking all rubbish ” .

She came near and said” I have seen you staring at his eyes when you were lying in his arms .Don’t tell lie to me .you were loving to stare at him and you are falling for him ” .

I looked at her surprising with my eyes wide open and said ” I don’t know what you are talking about”

She replied ” well you will know it soon .and then you will tell sameera you were right” .

And then the door opened and came kartik inside with packets of medicine . He sat down near me and asked sammera to bring water and then lifted me to sit on bed .Later gave me all medicines and then made me to lie down .As he was moving he said ” I will come again in evening to check .Inform me if you need anything and take rest,Don’t study today ” I nodded as he spoke .And the he went out bidding ‘ bye’ to us .

In the evening while I was on bed there was the bang on door . I supposed it was kartik and yes it was him only .He came near and asked about my health. I said ” I am fine “.

He then saw the assignment kept beside and looked at me with glaring eye and said” what is this? I said you no study today”

I replied as an innocent kid ” But I was bored resting so I did it ” .

He then sat beside and then felt warm so he touched my forehead and said” I think you have got fever .Do you have a thermometer” .

I nodded and told sameera to bring .when he measured it was ‘ 102°c’ .He looked at me and said” see I told you to take rest but you didn’t and now you have fever .How come you are a medicine student if you can’t care for yourself also”

I replied” Do you mean doctors never feel ill “.

He replied ” They do but they follow what is to be done when they are sick” .

And then he asked sameera for tablet and gave to me .And warned me saying ” This time I hope you will listen to what I say .so take rest now otherwise you cannot study till week . Take care and Be well soon ! good night” .He then went away closing the door behind and I kept staring the door and then sammera came in front and said ” Now he is gone .Why are you staring at door still?” .

I replied ” Oh my god ! now you are diagnosing my each action also .Don’t I have the liberty of looking at door” .

she said ” huh, looking and staring are different thing dear .why are you pretending like nothing is there .I am not a fool sitting here .”

I said ” please I am unable in understanding what you are saying sameera ” .

she replied ” My kiddos ,can’t you see how caring was he towards you ?He was scolding you like father and this shows he cares a lot about you.Didn’t you saw the pain in his eyes for you ? you are impossible meera” .

I just looked around while she was telling me this pretending as if I wasn’t understanding anything what she is telling and then my eyesight got stuck on a book kept there and I said ” Now I understand how these word are coming out of your mouth .You have started reading novels ! my goodness ,It’s not your words sameera ,they are your novels speaking out which are far from reality ” .

She replied ” well ,okay Let’s see .” And she went to her bed saying me to take rest .

The next day was not like other days .I wasn’t having books in my hand as it was strictly prohibited and wasn’t at college too as I couldn’t go so was sitting over my bed all alone in room .Don’t know why all thoughts about kartik was coming in my mind along with words said by sameera .And my mind was busy all over to make sameera’s words wrong and making myself understand that it was all he doing as a friend and neither do I feel attracted towards him It’s only his looks are just perfect to make anyone stare at it for a while .So all together it wasn’t ‘Love’ as sameera was telling I guess.And thus my whole time passed away thinking about these stuffs and finally sameera entered asking about my health and then we ate together gossiping about what all happened in college ( especially about what was taught by professors) .And then we sat down together on the bed and I asked her to give me the notes .And then door opened and it was kartik for sure .

He too sat beside and then we three spent our two hours gossiping ( more besides studies as they both were in majority) and practising for my walk so that I can walk properly .And I did well ands I was able to walk with their help and then he told ” Its good but you need more two-day rest then only you can make it up well more .And we needs to practice with your walk so you can walk on your own nicely” .

I thought ‘ two more days like hell no I can’t survive ‘ so I told ” I think if we practice nicely we can make it up till tomorrow ” and they both said ” Missing your partner so vigorously ”

I looked up and asked ” what” .Then he said ” your books ” and they laughed out .

And I replied ” No joke and I am saying seriously ” He replied ” okay ,we will try .we too hope you be better soon and so take rest and practice walking . bye”. and he went away.

I made up a good progress and was fine in another one day only.And so was back to college after two restless days in my room .It was very happy to come again but my eyes were finding something else .And there was he appeared coming from the door in his black shirt and cream jeans which nearly killed from inside .I couldn’t take my eyes off from him .As he was coming near me my heart beat grew faster and I could hear the bumping beats .He reached near me but I was still gazing at him and I wished the moment to be still so that I could stare him up well .But his words broke down my imagination and I was back by his words” hey, good to see you.so are you fine now” .

I replied ” yes ,I am fine”. And then our professor arrived and we were back to our places .I think this was the first time I hated my professor to come at wrong time as we were going to have a talk .but okay.This was not the last though as days passed I was no longer the same nerdy meera .But drastic changed arrived in me .No longer I was diving only in books but now I prefered gossiping ,or hanging out. I began liking to dress up .I began looking at mirror every time I went out or pass by the mirror.

My friend circle increased and my bestie were sameera, kartik with whom I spent my almost all time at college .Together we had done every thing either it be bunking ,hanging out or partying out or going out for a movie .My life was totally changed after that day .firstly they two were very shocked when they saw my changing but when I told “I thought about kartik’s word and I felt a need for change” . they were the most happiest person on earth and helped to adjust with the changes and thus we tried out all what we could do for fun in college maintaining our studies.

On samara’s birthday we were out again celebrating with full fun .I was sitting beside kartik which gave me the most pleasant feeling in the world .These years I just wanted to be with him always and we were the best friends always and I was the most happiest to be with him or nearby .He presence was only enough always for me to make me happy.His killing smile always kept me fresh .And his talking was so comic that we always laugh aloud .Now again he started ” so one glass for our miss padhakoo cum miss stunning beauty ”

I looked at him ” so was I not beautiful earlier” He replied with a smile looking directly into my eyes ” you were beautiful always dear but now has grown more beautiful than ever” .

I blushed and then said ” oh! then I must get bunch of boys waiting to propose me”.

He bit his lip and said ” How come? I won’t let anyone reach nearby you. you belongs to me I won’t let anyone take you away.”

And sameera replied ” oh ! possessiveness ” and there was a silence and neither of us uttered a word because it was very awkward what he told just .Then sameera told ” you are right kartik,she belongs to us so we will never let her go and we will be together “.

I too joined and said ” I will never leave you guys .No one can take me away from you ” And then he also smiled and said ” Yes ,I won’t spare you if you leave us for some guy .” I said ” I promise ” . And then was that lovely day ended and we walked home holding each other’s hand .

At hostel now sameera began asking me about my feeling for kartik and told me not to tell a lie as it was her birthday .And then I told her all my feelings for kartik .And then I held her and gave a tight hug and said ” But I don’t want to lose him so I didn’t say it till now” .She calmed me and said” hey ,dear you truly love her and I know him he too loves you .you say it once .Its your first love and if you won’t say it how will you know he loves you or not? ” I nodded and said ” Okay I will try ” .And then we moved to sleep.

I tried many a times but didn’t uttered even a letter also.  I left the thought of expressing my love but sameera always encouraged me and finally on kartik’s birthday it was decided that I will confess my love.And the whole plan was set up by sameera from our venue to meeting time and without lettimg him know the surprise .I wore a royal red one-piece with a white necklace around the neck and left the hairs open as per directed by sameera .I was very nervous that day but she calmed me down . I went to the garden where he was supposed to come as planned by sammera .I went there and looked around he was sitting over the bench as I went he stood and I could sense he was gazing at me .

I went close and hugged him and said ” Happy birthday my sweetheart ” into his ears.And kept him holding untill he also said” I love you darling” and then he asked me to close my eyes .I did as he said and opened when he asked.To my amazement he was kneeling down with a rose in his hand and he was saying ” A rose for my lady rose. I love you honey,and I love each thing about you. I love your eyes when you look at me ,I love your lips when they talk with me .I love your smile when they smile at my words ,I love your giggles when you giggle with me and now I want you to be mine.will you be mine? I want to spend my entire life with you .will you be with me whole life? ”

I said taking rose from his hand ” yes, I will be with you my entire life,I will be only your’s ,I will always be with you wherever you go ,I will always be yours ” .and then we hugged each other crying and holding each other tight .I was leaning over his chest and his warmth was making me feel like heaven .I was the most happiest person in the world that time .I didn’t knew that sameera planned a surprise for me too ..So finally we were together now and I didn’t want this moment to pass .I wish this time to be still and I always be in his arms leaning towards his chest feeling him .And then I closed my eyes to thank god for giving me this wonderful pleasure in my life.Now I wanted nothing else in return, just his togetherness forever till my death was my last wish….

–END–

