Romantic Love Story – Love you always

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

 

“Hello! Can I speak to Avni?”

 “Yes, but may I know who is this?”

 “Adi… I mean Adhiraj this side…”

 “Just a minute”

 The maid informed me about Adhiraj’s call.

 “Don’t you dare call me back; I told you I don’t want to talk to you.” I blasted.

 “But” Adhiraj was about to say something but I cut him off.

 “I told you, don’t call me back again. Everything is over between us. Your anger has spoiled everything.”

 With this I hung back the phone.

 All the memories were flashing in front of my eyes. Our friendship, the love, the proposal, our engagement, and suddenly everything destroyed in pieces.

 I never imagined that what I thought to be the most beautiful relationship ever would turn out to be the biggest mistake of my life and only because of the person I loved the most, Adhiraj.

“Yup, where are you? I’ve been waiting since half an hour and you are nowhere to be seen. I’m telling you, making a girl wait like this is not a good thing. And all thanks to you I’ve missed the beginning of the movie. Now listen to me you either reach here in next 5 minutes or you need to show me 5 romantic movies and that to back to back.”

“I’ll be there in next 3 minutes.” Adhiraj replied.

Adhiraj was my best friend since childhood. We lived in the same lane, so we grew up together. Our families were also quite close to each other. We both used to fight like idiots. But still at the end of the day we were back together. It was really hard to imagine my life without Adi in last 21 years.

As I was waiting for him, I got a message from my brother Arnav,” Hey tell mum, I’ll be late today. No need to wait for the dinner”.

Suddenly something hit me hard on my head.

 “Ouch, you idiot… it hurts you fool.”

 “What to do, you were too busy with your phone, I had to distract you from your stupid phone.”

 “But I have a name; you could have called out my name instead of being a fool and hitting me like this.”

 “You know na, that’s not my style. Now come on, you are wasting a lot of time. You speak a lot. Start to listen more.”

 “Adhiraj! Now come on. Ranbir kapoor is waiting for me inside the movie hall.”

 “Haan haan aur kuch nai na.”

 Half of the time we were fighting to grab the popcorns. Our fights gained some death glaring looks and we melted down in our seats with embarrassment.

 The next part of the movie went by with that position itself.

 We drove back to our respective homes and lying on my soft bed, I dozed off.

Knock knock….

 Oh god! Who the hell is disturbing me in these peak hours of sleep? I am not waking up now.

 Knock knock…

 God…. my eyes were not ready to open up but still I have to see who is dying to meet me….

 “Avni… Avni… open the door, it’s me. Tashu.”

 As I heard the name Tashu, I opened my eyes properly.

 “Hey Avni I’m sorry for disturbing you at this time but I need to talk to you.”

 “Oh, no worries Tashu come inside.” I welcomed her in my room.

 The girl on the door is Tashu, Adi’s younger sister.

 Arnav, Tashu, I and Adi are like best friends but still I bonded the best with Adi.

 Tashu was here to talk about organizing a surprise birthday party for Adhiraj. But keeping this a secret from Adi was the most difficult task. He was the most nagging creature god ever created.

 So, we, I mean Tashu and I decided to plan about the party at these wee hours when he was completely dozed off. Tashu suggested including Arnav in this surprise as well. I went to wake up that bull headed animal. I mean Aru.

I switched on the lights to find him missing. “Omg, he is still not back,” I shouted. I decided to inform mom about his disappearance but Tashu calmed me down and we started discussing about the party.

It was Adi’s birthday today and Tashu and I were super excited. We informed everyone about the surprise we were planning for. In those seven days, we decided so much about the party.

 Responsibility to bring Adi to the venue was given to Aru as decided by Tashu. I did not find that guy responsible but still it was Tashu’s words I was trusting upon.

 I did not answer Adi’s calls the entire day and I am sure that this would have pissed him off.

 We were anxiously waiting for Adi at the venue, when the noise of the car parking alarmed us.

 Lights were dimmed off and suddenly he arrived.

 Surprise!

 We all shouted and I noticed Adi was actually in tears.

 It was a Halloween theme party. Adi always wanted to have a Halloween theme party. Though the thought of a Halloween theme scared me to death but still I could manage this for his happiness. We all were dressed up according to the theme. I chose the role of a vampire with those long nails, long teeth and blood on my mouth.

 Adi, surprised, hugged us all and I could sense that he was feeling emotional.

 As the party progressed, I got a chance to talk to Adi.

 “Hey, you must be angry with me na?”

 “Angry? Angry for what?”

 “That I did not wish you in the morning.”

 “Oh! Yes I was…. But now, you’ve made my day.”

 “Thanks Adi. Here, this is your birthday gift.”

 He snatched the gift from my hand and opened it like an insensible kid. His jaw dropped when he saw the baseball bat he ever wanted.

 He hugged me. There was an awkward silence between us. For the first time we were out of words but still I was enjoying that moment.

 Suddenly, he said, “Avi this is the best day of my life and this was the best moment of the day. Thank you for making my life wonderful.”

 I was stunned and speechless. Not a single word burped out of my mouth.

 The whole night I kept thinking about that special moment. No way, we are just best friends. A single moment cannot destroy our friendship and I should stop thinking about this.

The next morning I woke up with a knock on my window pane.

 Oh my god, these knocks will kill me someday. As I turned towards the window, I saw Adi hanging up there. What the hell.

 “Adi,” I shouted. “What are you doing here you fool?”

 “Well. I was just waking you up. Now when you are awake, be ready in next 15 minutes and I’ll be waiting in my parking lot.” He replied.

 Oh god. This guy is totally nuts! As I had a look on my cell phone, I saw 20 missed calls and around 50 whatsapp messages.

 Not to my surprise, all were from Adhiraj. I woke up and got ready. Mom was waiting for the breakfast.

 “Bye mom…. See you in evening. Going out with Adi. Wake Aru up. He’s to go college for semester practical.”

 I took an apple and rushed out to see Adi already waiting for me.

 “Hey Avi, you are late. Now let’s go.” And we drove off.

 “Oh, I was just 5 minutes late, no need to fuss about this.”

 “Sorry Avi darling.”

 “Wait. What did you just said?” I was puzzled.

 “I said darling. Can’t friends talk this way?”

 “Sure they do so, but it’s not your style and you never talked this way.” I asked.

 “But I want to talk this way.” he replied instantaneously.

 “Adi, you know what are you saying?” I was nervous now.

 He stopped the car.

 “Avni, I always wanted to tell you this but the fear of losing my best friend stopped me from doing all this. But, yesterday on my birthday, I realized I cannot imagine a day, a minute or even a second without you. You are the soul of my life. We’ve grown up together and now I want to grow old with you.

 Avni, I love you very much. I don’t know when it all begun. I don’t know at what moment I felt that you are not just my best friend but more than that. I no longer can stay away from you.”

 Adi’s words left me speechless. I was stunned to silence.

 Is it real or am I dreaming?

 This is not a dream. Adi loves me.

 I had tears in my eyes. He wiped out my tears.

 “Please say something Avi. Your silence is killing me.”

 I opened the car door, it was raining heavily, but who cared at that moment. I was super happy.

 Adi was in love with me. What a better moment can it be? Love in the rain. I looked at Adi through front mirror of the car with a huge smile.

 Adi stepped out of the car with full joy. He came close but I stopped him.

 “It’s good to hear that you love me, but…… I want an official proposal.”

 “Okay so you want it like this haan.”

 All drenched in rain, he kneeled down, took my hand and said,” Avni, I love you. Will you spend the rest of your life with me..?”

 “Yes” I replied and we hugged each other.

 The rain complemented the situation.

I am enjoying this situation where my best friend loves me. He knows me so well that I cannot even imagine a better life partner than Adhiraj.

 So, this Monday it will be One month of our relationship and only Tashu is aware of this. One day I texted Adi expressing my desire to be held in his arms, but what I didn’t know was that message was read by Tashu.

 She sensed what was brewing between us and confronted both of us. When we were left with no other option, we had to tell her the truth. She was equally happy for us.

 Nevertheless I was planning to dedicate something really special for Adhiraj for Monday so I decided to write something for him,

A simple smile of yours, a simple poke of yours,

 My complete life has changed with just a pinch of yours….

 You made me feel beautiful, you made me feel lovely,

 Its only you who can complete my emptiness…

 You make me feel good; you make me feel so special,

 Spending a day without you is almost impossible…

 Wishing to retain you forever; wishing to live with you,

 Is my only dream as I owe this life only to you….

 I just hope Adhiraj likes this.

Select Page below to Continue Reading…

