Romantic Short Story – Love of a school girl

This story is about my unexpected experience when a girl in a school proposed me for love. At the same time I was appointed as a teacher in that school.  After completing schooling I decided to pursue my graduation through correspondence and do some part time work as my family conditions were not financially good. I got registered in professional course through I.G.N.O.U.  and started searching for a job nearby. One day I met with the principal of a school in my hometown, he was searching for computer teacher who can teach classes 9 -12. I agreed, and promised him that I will behave to the students in very friendly manner but he instructed me that don’t be very close to students, make some distance.

Next day, I went the school at right time and got the schedule to which class should I go at what time.  They give me the first period to teach ninth class, and also asked me whether I want to become the class teacher of the class. I agreed and took the attendance register and went to the class. The students in the class are looking well mannered and all stand to wish me good morning when I entered the class.  I introduced myself to the students and then started teaching them their course.  After completing my first period in ninth class, I went to other classes to take periods.

I was very happy that I was teaching the students in a proper way and that I have got a job to help my father to improve financial conditions of my family. Day by time was passing, and after a few days I noticed that a girl  in ninth class was attracted towards me. She was very intelligent in her studies and always got the first rank in exams, but looking at my simplicity she got attracted as I was behaving very friendly to everyone whether he is a student or a teacher.

One day when I was sitting alone in the staff room and checking some copies she came near to me and said that she want to say something to me. I said OK tell me everything without hesitation. She took a small paper out from her pocket and gave it to me and said “read this and please don’t ignore the matter”.

She put the paper on my table and went out in the ground to play with her other schoolmates. I read the letter after finishing my work, she wrote “I like you”.  I ignored it, and continued teaching the class as if nothing special has happened. After a few days she again came to me when I was alone and asked me to give my mobile number by saying that she will contact me in order to discuss about course related material. At that time I refused her to give my personal number but somehow she got my number.

After a few months, I got a message from unknown number stating that she want friendship with me. I called on the number and tried to explain her that this is not possible between a teacher and a student. At that time she agreed and said OK I understood.

Time passed with speed, in between she met me in the school as a student with her teacher. In the mean time I completed my graduation, and I left the school to do some other job.  I got some job in a private company out my home town.

After few days I got a call from her stating that now I am not her teacher, and it is possible that a relation is possible between us. I said “please give me some time to think about it and I will call back you after reaching on conclusion”.

I started thinking about her, and thought for two days that how I react with this situation. I decided to call her parents and tell them every thing that has happened. At that time she was pursuing her second year in a college. Her parents were planning her marriage after completion of her graduation. When I phoned her parents, they reacted as if they were waiting for my call. I told them everything, her father said if you have no problem then you can marry my daughter. I got surprised on hearing this from her father, I told him that I will talk to my family first and then will take some decision.

In the evening, I called my father, mom and my uncle to discuss on the matter. I first told them the whole story and then asked for their reaction. They all said in a voice that they know the girl very well, and she is fit for you to be married with her. I accepted their decision and decided to marry her.

We got married and started living happily.

__END__

