Romantic Story – Kiss of Fervour

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

 

Emil Ludwig says that the decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender; because this kiss already has within it that surrender. Helen Rowland says that a man snatches the first kiss, pleads for the second, demands the third, takes the fourth, accepts the fifth–and endures all the rest.

This is the story about my first kiss. I love Isabella very much. She is my classmate and my neighbour girl. She also knows that I love her so much. She is the only daughter Diana and Wilson. Wilson is the cashier in a popular bank and Diana is English professor in state university.

I use to call Diana as my Aunty. I am so close with her that I say, “Aunty, I love Isabella so much and I will take her one day without your knowledge.”

Diana smiles and says with sweet smile, “Why without our knowledge? Take her with our knowledge, I don’t object you.”

When Isabella hears this, she says with anger, “Don’t worry mummy, I will not go with this ape.”

Some time Wilson hears this conversation and says, “I ask you to go with this ape, he will take care of you perfectly.”

All this atmosphere makes me attracted towards Isabella very much. I know that Isabella is a rigid girl and she is not exposed what she thinks about my wish to take her my life partner. By profession I am a pilot of a reputed airlines and I bring costly gifts from different countries for Isabella. She accepts my gifts, but she never says a little ‘Thanks” for my gifts. I know that Isabella has love for me and she is not expressing this. Sometimes she looks at me as if she is ready to eat me. I never look at her like that. I know pretty well that Isabella is the very beautiful girl and getting such a sweet girl as the life partner is not so much easy.

She is a sweet dream for many boys looking at her. She got a number of love letters from the boys in her college and she sweetly rejected all those offers. I know that there are far more better boys than me, some are even multimillionaires. Isabella is not attracted towards the riches of those boys. She did not say that she likes me or dislikes me. My offers of love towards her are kept as pending kisses.

I want to kiss her. A kiss of my love to her may change her as my favourite girl is a hope. I am in the search of a time, a proper time to kiss her and I believe that my kiss will turn her towards me forever.

One day, Wilson and Diana are attending a marriage party in the next city. While going out, Diana asked me to be in the house as the company to Isabella.

“It is not needed mummy. I am not a small girl.” Isabella said.

“No baby, let Charlie stay with you. We don’t know how the troubles come in which way.” Wilson said as suggestion.

I am wondering at the belief of the parents of Isabella. They like me so much. They believe me so much. But Isabella looked like she did not believe me as much as her parents are believing me. After her parents are gone, Isabella looked at me and with a sweet smile she asked me with inner thought, “So you got the chance you are waiting for. What your planes Charlie?”

I am wondering at the smart question. “If you allow me, I have the honeymoon with my girl this night” I said provoking her.

“Don’t hope the heights. Think simple” Isabella said.

“Okay, then we sit and watch a sweet movie eating popcorn like good babies and sleep”

“Okay Charlie, this looks nice. Let us go to shopping, have good dinner and select few good movies and come back to start our party tonight.” Isabella said with the same sweet smile.

We had a wander in the shopping malls. We had good dinner in the best restaurant. We had our trip to entertainment shops in search of latest movies. We have selected half a dozen movies for our night show. We returned home. I told to my parents that as aunty and uncle are away, I am staying as company to Isabella. My mum looked at me with some sort of suspicion, but my dad did not take it as a serious thing.

My dad always believes Charlie as the best boy. For him, Charlie never does any harm to any one and he will not be called as a bad boy.

“Charlie, what is it that you like the most?”

“I like Isabella’s company as the most liked one.”

“What is it that you do not like as the most hated one?”

“The times when I do not have Isabella as my company, I hate this as the most hated thing.”

Isabella smiled and said, “You are a fool.”

“How is that?” I asked with a smile.

“What is in Isabella so special? You know the world outside is full of vigour, full of joy, full of sweetness.”

“You are a baby in not knowing the world. What we like is sweetness and joy forever. What we love is everything my honey.”

“Charlie, I need some time to understand. Let us stop this feel for some more time.”

“Okay honey, I know that I can wait for you any long time. It is not a problem.”

Our questionnaire stopped and we started enjoying the movies we are viewing. We are eating snacks and viewing movies.

I am looking at the disorderly dress of Isabella. I cannot control myself and I took Isabella in to my hands and started kissing her. A hard and sweet kiss on the hot lips of Isabella made me feel more excited and ignited. But I know my limits and I controlled myself. I cannot see the reaction immediately.

“I am sure you are a fool, a real fool to disturb me and disturb yourself. We are not dating, you know. What makes you to behave like this? If you cannot control your feelings, you are not counted as a saint. A saint is real man to live successfully in life. Can you kiss any girl like this?”

“I looked at Isabella and said as apologizing, “Sorry, I cannot control my feelings.” I said.

We stooped TV and settled in different places. I cannot stop my feelings and I want to kiss Isabella again. But I cannot do this as she looks like hurt at my action. I don’t know when I slept. I am feeling like dreaming. I dream Isabella. In my dream I am kissing her. Kissing nonstop is as usual in my dreams.

“Stop you stupid. You are biting my lips.” Isabella said with a cry and I woke up to see that Isabella is in my grip and I am kissing her with my nonstop kisses.

I startled and left her. I don’t know when she came and when I started kissing her in my sleep. I may be in sleep, but Isabella is not in sleep. This thought made me feel happy for she is also in the same state of mind I am madly wandering in. I know, Isabella is my love and she is also in love with me.

*****

In the course of events, Isabella said with her parents that she is in love with me. I also said with my parents the same thing. It was a great arranged marriage and Isabella is wedded with me.

Now she is also working in the same university, her mother is working. I am happy with my wife Isabella. When go for go on flight, I kiss Isabella and this lovely kiss makes me feel like Isabella is close with me. I never feel she is away from me.

One day, my nephew Daniel came to my home to attend some interview. He is also of my age and he said he may stay two days in my home. I looked at Isabella and she accepted with her eyes, so I said with him, “No problem, be here as many days as you like.”

That day I had to attend my duty and returned home in mid night. The lights in my bed room are burning and my heart is burning with some sort of suspicion. I hear my wife’s voice. I am doubting my nephew Daniel’s character

“Stop you stupid. You are biting my lips.”

I have the duplicate key. I opened the door and slowly slipped in to my bed room.

Then I again heard the same voice and same dialogue.

“Stop you stupid. You are biting my lips.”

I saw the clip is running and on TV screen I am kissing Isabella with fervour and her dialogue is again coming. “Stop you stupid. You are biting my lips.”

She is completely in her mood and did not turn back as she did not notice that I have come. I abruptly took her in my strong hug and kisses her with the same or more fervour. She is alarmed for a while and enjoyed the kiss to the full extent.

“This kiss made me so much disturbed and this kiss made us together. I am happy for I recorded this kiss with my prediction which came true. When you are in sleep on that day, I expected this kiss from you as I never fail in predictions. It worked out.” Isabella said.

I am silent for a while and made her silent. After some time she gave me a letter of Daniel.

“He kept this letter on our door when I returned home. His job is finished and he has no time to wait to tell you or me. I think your nephew is so much time minded.” Isabella said.

“His job is finished so he has gone. We have nothing to worry for that.” I said.

__END__

