Short Story Husband Wife Love – Invariably yours

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was restlessness in everything around I looked upon. May be not, maybe it was the incessant war within me. My heart was groaning aloud with every vicious stab of it. But there was something, something that was wiping the blood oozing out of my heart, yelling at me to just keep pushing. Rewinding relentlessly down the memory lane was nothing but leaving me more parched. What was it? When did it take the wrong turn? I was entangled in a web of paradox.

 I terribly wanted to stand past a strong blowing wind that could grab me away from its clutch.

I only nodded my head to hold myself from breaking down. Nidhi bumped into the chair beside me to reconcile the situation.

I could not but tightly hold her arms and buried my wailing face on her shoulder.

She uttered softly holding me more close to her.

 I said with tears still rolling down my eyes.

She wiped my sultry cheeks and tried to reunite me again.

Rohan was sitting over the bed slightly leaning towards me while his laptop still breathing. I dint know how to start it over. How will he react? Am I doing the right thing? Is everything going to be over? I could hear my heart thumping hard.

I went off the bed slowly to open the door of the closet. I left it full open pretending to put the clothing in order. I thought it would help me from falling apart.

 I uttered softly. Rohan was nutty over my brinjal curry.

 He retorted.

He was mum.

I held my nerves and slowly turned off one half of the closet’s door. With blurry eyes I looked at him. His eyes were brimming with tears with a little grin on his face.

 He stretched his hand towards me.

I resisted. He bent forward and pulled me to sit beside him. He held my clammy palms, gently lay over his lap and heaved a sigh.

Feeling my palm quivering, he cuddled me close like a new born.

 He throttled down laying his head over my lap.

I dint know how to react. I could not trust. Probably myself for what I did just few minutes before. I was fuming. Fuming on god for not letting me remember that moment. The moment my Rohan uttered those beautiful words for me, expressed his deep love for me.

I embraced him with his face literally buried over my chest believing it might heal the wounds in his heart that I made unknowingly.

 We went mum for some time. Maybe we just found back those days of love. That compulsive sting of love….

–END–

