LOVE BIRDS (A very short love story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘The golden apple with a red shade along it’s curvature is slowly setting in Kashmir’s Dal lake sprinkling saffron across the expanse. Flock of birds form a ‘V’ shape and fly back to their nest silhouetting against the golden sun. Small stars show up here and there in the sky and twinkle, rather wink at you after a day long sleep to welcome the night and their queen of dark, the moon, who is faintly visible in the receding sun’s peach coloured rays.’

As she finished reading what she scribbled in the small writing pad, the handsome chocolate boy remarked,

”.

Saying this he sliced the placid Dal lake with the oars splitting the setting sun’s reflection that formed golden ripples and the 

 pulled forward through the lake slowly. A mild wind blew and she gently adjusted the strand of hair that disobediently fell over her rolling doe eyes, with the tip of her finger.

”

“

“

She tilted her head to the left and placed her cute chin inside her left palm. And they locked eyes with each other. The boy cleared his throat and sang.

The girl plugged her ears with her fingers in distress, laughed and pleaded.

“

The boy laughed and stopped singing. After a few seconds looking into the horizon he said.

Saying this he looked straight into her cute eyes.

She raised her eyebrows and exulted in happiness.

The boy nodded his head in agreement to her query.

The girl asked, expecting the boy to express his love for her again and to hear it once more, like the climax scene of Titanic movie.

The boy stared at her seriously and replied, 

Her eyes protruded, her strawberry red luscious lips made a capital ‘O’ and her jaws dropped in awe, as if it almost said,

A faint, wicked and mischievous smile played in his lips. He took her soft hands carefully like a flower in his and said,

She leaned over and collected some water in her palms and sprinkled the ice cold water on his face naughtily, in happiness.

They hugged each other and gracing their cheeks,with arms over each other’s shoulder, they gazed at the purple night sky being decorated by colourful fire crackers, red green, pink, it went on illuminating the night sky. They wished each other Happy Diwali and continued their journey of trust and love in the 

 through the romantic Dal lake.

