Romantic Story – Sound of Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

I often asked myself when I looked into his eyes. Does he love me or is he treating me just as a friend. Its been 7 years since I know Jimmy now. We have been friends since high school. I used to be more of a tom-boyish character. Jimmy and I used to hang out a lot during those high school days. It used to be fun. People often mistook me to be a boy looking at my haircut and clothing. I am all grown up now. Jimmy and I still stay in touch with each other. We hang out every week. Our friendship has remained the same throughout these years. I have tried to express my mind thoughts to him several times. He does not seem to get it. He still thinks I am that old Mary. I am so confused as to how am I ever going to express my feelings to him.

“Hey Mary. How are you doing today? Is our usual weekend dinner still on?” asked Jimmy over the phone.

“Yes,why do you ask?”.

“I just thought I could clarify with you. Bye. See you at 9. Same place”.

Today is the day. I am going to express my feelings to him. I cannot control myself anymore. I can hear myself screaming from the inside. It was time. I had my makeup on. Got dressed and left to the restaurant.

As the cab drove near I felt my heart racing. I could not stay clam. My stomach started twirling.  I have never had this feeling before. Everything seemed so different and new. I saw Jimmy  standing at the entrance. He walked me inside and I could still feel my heart rate rising. Just as the drinks were served I started to talk “Jimmy?”.

Jimmy looked at my face. I started to sweat and he could feel something was not right. My hands turned cold.

“Is everything alright? Should  I call someone for help?” he asked.

I did not wait. I continued talking. “Jimmy, I do not know what’s happening to me. I do not understand whether it is right or wrong. There is something I have been longing to tell you.  I think……I think”.

“Excuse me Mam, there is someone waiting for you outside” said the waiter. I excused myself and walked out but could not find anyone standing there. I looked around. There was no one. So I decided to walk back inside when I suddenly heard a sound. I turned back and to my surprise there was a band playing “Love will keep us alive”. I was astonished.

Two men were holding a banner that read “MARY, WILL YOU MARRY ME?”. I could not express any sort of feeling as I was shocked and wonder-struck. Jimmy went down on his knees and said “Mary, I do know what’s on your mind as I had the exact same thing running on my mind. I cannot wait any longer. Will you be mine? I love you Mary!”

I could not express how happy and surprised I was! He put the ring on my finger and I pounced on him. And he said to me “This is what I call the “SOUND OF LOVE”. You will not see or hear it. You can only feel it” And finally we kissed.

__END__

