Romantic Short Story – I Kissed My Ex-Boyfriend In The Rain

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was getting ready, hoping it wouldn’t rain at-least not on my farewell night. I was nervous yet exciting. I’m going to graduate soon, away from all the drama but I’m going to miss all my friends, especially my ex-boyfriend Shubham. We guys dated each other for 1 year, everything was going good between us but I don’t know what happened, he broke up with me just before 2 weeks from our farewell night without giving me a proper reason. I was completely shattered, moving on has been always difficult for me. I didn’t want to attend my farewell night also but my friends Kanika, Nishi and Alia emotionally blackmailed me to come and I got to know that Shubham is not coming as he has gone to Shimla to meet his parents.

No matter how I tried to show that I loathed him but I was fooling myself. The fact is; every time I see him or we cross each other paths (have to happen as we were college mates), I would flabbergasted or would travel in some other world where we are happily together.

I sighed, as I snapped out of my thoughts. It’s the night when I should let loose and hangout with my friends, forget all about the world. It’s supposed to be an amazing night, before leaving I took a good look at myself. I was wearing a black saree with minimal makeup. I don’t know why for some reason, I always hated lipstick, so I decided to go with red lip gloss along with eye-liner and mascara. Finally after feeling satisfied by the way I was looking, I grabbed my silver clutch tugged on the black heels and left for the venue. I finally arrived at the party.The lights were adorning the ceilings, the balloons hung in the swirl motion, giving the pillars a colorful yet elegant look. My friends were already present and they too were looking beautiful.

As I was talking, I felt a strange feeling as I looked around till my eyes locked with him, he was there smiling at me but I quickly looked away. Gosh, he was looking smart in black tuxedo. I could still feel his eyes on me, I don’t know why he was looking at me the way he used to. I could still feel his stare, finally giving up I looked up at him but this time he didn’t look away like he usually does. Weird!! I smiled as Nishi shook my arm, thinking I was lost in my thoughts.

“Aradhya, where are you lost baby?” Nishi questioned with the smile.

“Nothing, I’m really going to miss this place and you guys”, well I told her half truth.

“Same baby, all the memories and stuff I’m going to miss it all”, I hugged her in response.

” ARE YOU GUYS READY FOR TONIGHT?!!” The DJ literally yelled on top of his headphones.

The DJ mix matched the songs while I and my friends were grooving it to dancing, swaying our arms up and down. It was really fun till I accidentally bumped into someone, I’m so sorry, I murmured. Then I realised who it was, I quickly turned the other way and joined my friends. Trying to even ignore the fact that Shubham was right behind me and I could literally hear his breathing over my neck, sending shivers down my spine.

I tried to move away but I felt his hand around my waist, I could already feel my hear rate accelerating. Never did I ever think I would be standing this close to the person who have left me alone. I didn’t know how to react as he turned around, I met his eyes, which conveyed so much of love. I noticed something which I never saw in his eyes before, there was a spark; an unknown spark which made me even more nervous. He twirled me, then pulled me close to him and whispered in my ear, ” You are looking very pretty” and kissed on my cheek. I felt as if I was in dreamland. Suddenly something came in my mind, I let go of him. This is wrong, this is so wrong.

I ran outside, and suddenly it started raining heavily letting my tears pour out. He always does this, every time he plays with my feelings. I could hear him calling my name, but I ignored and walked towards my house, before I could walk further, I felt a tug on my wrist and immediately I was turned around. The rain showered upon me and him. He came closer to me as I could feel his breath tickling my nose. He wiped my tears. He watched me for a second. My hair was all wet now and my saree has been fitted closely to the body which was showing my figure properly, I felt embarrassed. His wet hair plastered to his forehead, he was looking so handsome that I could hardly stand it. His shirt was clinging to him, his arms toned and his body slim and muscular. His eyes pierced mine, and his lips looked so soft and warm. I took a step forward, maintaining the eye contact and whispered, ” I am so alone with out you”. I closed the space between us and pressed my lips to his.

It was the first kiss I had ever given him. Immediately his arms locked around my waist, mine around his neck. He deepened the kiss, I was loving the feel of his wet body on mine. He cut off the kiss and said, ” I am so sorry for my stupidity ” and he engulfed me in a hug. The rain poured on us, this moment was like a dream come true for me and I can surely say this, it was the magical moment which can’t be live again.

–END–

