Romantic Short Story – 20 seconds

Photo credit: 

 from 

“A date!?”

“ Oh my God! A date?!”

Meet my friend, Alex. My better half!

She screamed in my ears like it was her’s.

“Calm down, red bull. I don’t think it is a good idea. I don’t even know what I’m supposed to do there. I will call him and give him an excuse.”

“ Shut up, blockhead! Here’s what you will do, you’ll go there and talk to him. Your brains, are they supposed to stay just like that? Unused?”

“But we talk every day. I don’t think I can do this. Dressing up and all, you know”

“You’re talking like he’s in quest of your virginity. It’s just a date. In your words, a meet up? Does that sound healthy to you, Miss Old School? And for all I know, he likes you for what you are. Cherish “Your-ness”,my love”

“But…”

I was still uncertain about everything. I mean we practically talked everyday till the dawn. I knew what he ate to what he would do after any particular time. What was I going to do there?

 Maybe I should give him a chance to face me without any abashment? The point is, will he take it? To my opinion, I know he won’t do an atom more than staring and blushing and a bit of “hmm’s” maybe.

My first date is going to be a blunder, for sure.

And then I decided to go with a plan, of course which was walking away in my part if he didn’t speak a word. Simple and straight. No second thoughts!

No matter what happens later.

Just a few hours were left to the blunder I was leading to.

No excitement.

No butterflies.

Not to mention, zero expectations.

I entered the “Blue jeans” restaurant. I pushed the door when it was clearly written pull and it had started. My foolishness?

I walked straight distracting myself from the messages I was receiving from mom and there I was, just a few metres away from him and a few hours to the end of this blunder.

I gave him a toothy smile and sat down facing him.

My mind could have been angry with him all the time but my heart; my heart wouldn’t just showcase a frown. It cared, you know, for him. Genuinely. He was someone meaning too much to me and after three years, having him was a delight. He could have never understood my happiness. How excruciating those days have been, crying every night, wishing every time just to see him , letting him go. Nightmares, they were and now when I realise that he is mine for now, all that waiting seems worthy. Every single moment of those nightmares.

Ok now back to the date?

So I was facing him but I knew he wouldn’t speak a word today so I got back to the reality and turned to the menu card.

“Cheese maggi and a cappacino”

“That’ll be all”

“I will have a chocolate frappe”

So he spoke.

He asked me to sit next to him. Honestly, this would’ve been the last thing to expect from him. Well, I was impressed.

“ You smell good” he said.

SHOCKED!

“ I didn’t have a bath. Must be the perfume I’m wearing” I smiled.

“ You once said your hands were rough, let me feel it if they really are or were you just trying to get rid of me?” He gave that heart-skipping-a-beat smirk. Oh my!

My eyes were just widen. If he would have given me a few moments, they would have been jumping out from the sockets.

Until now, it was just a dream. Holding hands, I mean.

Right, our hands were tangled. My fingers sliding into the spaces between his fingers.

Perfect. Every bit of that moment.

Our hands had gone sweaty while we kept talking (another shock by the way). Slowly and steadily, he held my hand with both of his. I could see him losing control. One tangled and the other covering the back of it. I could have stayed there for a yet another life. I didn’t want the “talking” at that tick. For resting my head on his shoulders, rolling and caressing his soft hands with mine and eventually tangled again, were a few better options. Oh that hold!

We were silent for a long while. We sat there just staring at each other’s hands, wondering how we had come so far and managed to get back together. Maybe this was meant to be. All of it and it was a great deal to me. He was!

The food had arrived. The waiter was mostly staring at us. Never seen a couple, you owl!? Never mind!

But was anyone hungry?

Let’s start with some Maggi, shall we?

Haha.

Just when I was going to look into his eyes and speak my heart out saying how much he meant to me.

The lights went out. Stupid, stupid lights!

I heard a whisper. It made me smile.

“ Try a kiss?”

“ Tell me who is stopping you?”

Like he was really going to. Huh!

And then our lips met, brushed each other’s for like twenty seconds. I couldn’t figure out what was happening. How it was happening. Some unknown feeling had caught me. Honestly, I couldn’t even figure out my butterflies.

He brought me in a new fantasy. A beautiful one.

And then the lights came in. Stupid, stupid lights!

My lips? They were wet and happy too! He had done the job. His lips. I couldn’t help but smile. I was staring at my hands. I was lost for a while. Felt a bit dizzy too. Stupid of me, I felt sleepy too. How can someone feel so many things at the same time?

This happened just a minute ago and I had already done the “rewinding” part more than a century.

How immensely soft his lips were! Warm and gentle. Heavenly!

Was it perfect?

No, it was completely beyond.

It took us a while to get back to our senses. When we did I noticed him rubbing my hands, stroking smoothly with love. I saw him at that moment. I knew he loved me for now and I fell in love with him a bit more.

“You’re very special to me, do you know that?”

 

For what I knew then, I loved him. No sideways. Completely certain.

Little did he know he was little by little shaping a room in my heart. Deep inside, hard to find and even harder to destroy.

We stayed there for an hour more. I remember him not leaving my hands when it was time to go but he still doesn’t accept it. Haha!

“You weren’t leaving mine!” That’s what he says.

Absolutely not. It’s not easy to pen down my feelings for him with the few mere words I happen to be acquainted with as for him “love” is a very short and empty word.

One that comes a bit closer is “Mine”

__END__

