Romantic Story – Love of life

Image Credit: 

Loud music, so much lights, dance floor, food and so many students. College fairwell party just about to begin. Maharsh came up with his friends, everyone is there but his eyes were searching for someone..may be someone special. As he turned back his eyes just stuck at Pooja, she was wearing white dress, his favorite color. He was just unable to move his eyes from her. Once more he is loosing his heart, he just lost in her completely. After all she is his love,whom he is loving for long 2 years,without getting loved back. Pooja is very well known with his feelings but they are not together, they are just so called friends.

Maharsh and Pooja, two different people from different schools, just got admission in same college. They are in same class but different sections, so they never noticed each other although Pooja heard his name so many times but dont know much about him, may be they both didn’t wanted so. 1st, 2nd year of their college have passed. It was 3rd year, lunch time when Maharsh came to Pooja’s section, to meet his friend but as he entered in the class his eyes stuck on her, her mesmerizing smile took away his heart. For the 1st time he is feeling something different, now he want to be with her. He approached her somehow,they begins hi hello to liking,disliking, each other’s nature, now they know everything about each other.

As day have passed Maharsh’ feelings grew day by day. He told this to Pooja but Pooja was in a relationship, her bf cheated on her but still she loves him only. After knowing all this too Maharsh do not stop loving her. He love her,care for her, he was with her everytime she needed him. But he never get what he wanted still he is happy in her happiness.

Party is going to end soon. Everyone is enjoying but Maharsh is little bit sad because his love is going to be apart,may be they will not going to meet again. This thinking made him almost cry. At the time he realize steps coming towards him. She is Pooja, she just came and hugged him, at the time she realized Maharsh is crying. She just hold his hand and whispered in his ears “I LOVE YOU”.

3 magical word for which Maharsh is waiting for so long. Finally his unconditional love and care makes her fall in love with him. Now Maharsh’s fear of not meeting her again got away. They are now together,to share their lifes together. Now no one can make them apart.

__END__

