Romantic Short Story – Love – Lost And Found

Photo credit: 

 from 

I got married to Rahul three months ago. As it didn’t take us time to convince our parents, it was a love marriage arranged by them. Rahul and I were in a relationship for 2 years before we got married. He engulfs all those qualities that a girl wants in a man. He is cute, cherubic and tall with a generous heart to love.

But it’s been three months and we hadn’t talk to each other properly. He is impeccably late every day from job that he just eats, sleeps and goes to office the next day. It irritates me that he works on weekends as well. I guess after marriage one gets burdened with responsibilities.

Every now and then I brood about the time we spent before we got married. He was always full of surprises. The passion with which he used to kiss me – love me. I have almost forgotten the taste of his smooth lips. I miss the way he used to caress my back with his long, rugged fingers.

Now, all I have is boring routine of cleaning the house and preparing meals for him. Though I don’t blame him for all this, I haven’t overlooked the fact that he hasn’t slept properly for months just to ensure me all the comforts.

A few days later, something unusual happened. Rahul was home way too early.

‘Aren’t you home quiet early?’ I asked.

‘Yeah, I was done with my work. So, I thought it would be good to spend time with you’ Rahul said.

A thrilling sensation pervaded me. I cooked the meal at a meteoric speed. When I got back to the living room – he was comfortable on the sofa and was watching T.V.

‘What are you watching?’

‘Nothing much. Just this IPL inauguration ceremony. Come have a seat’

I sat right beside him. I started running my hands through his hair. I was completely aroused by his body odor. I wanted to kiss him but he kept dodging all my efforts. He was too much into that inauguration ceremony.

‘Let him enjoy’ I thought. He doesn’t get time to watch T.V every day. I ate my dinner and went to sleep.

 The next evening I was busy with my routine when I heard the doorbell. As I opened the door I went in a state of shock. Rahul had got back from office.

‘Whoa! Good to see you early again’

‘I was free today as well so I thought of spending time with you again’ he said with a broad smile on his face.

I was perplexed to see him early for two consecutive days. As soon as he entered the living room, he turned on the T.V. He was early to watch an IPL match. I was so hurt by his behavior. He didn’t have time for his wife but he managed it for the stupid cricket match.  This made me feel that he didn’t love me anymore. I was so gloomy that I didn’t prepare dinner that night and for many other nights. Though I never confronted him but it was evident that everything wasn’t going on well in our marriage. The very environment of the house had the smell of my anger and irritation.

One day, after finishing the household work when I was randomly toggling the T.V channels, I started watching the IPL match. The temptation might be because it was being held in our city for the very first time which was augmented by the presence of Sourav Ganguly.

I had developed an appreciable interest in the match. It won’t be wrong to say that cricket is an addictive game. As I continued watching it – a camera panned on a placard with a limerick and a message written on it.

I was flabbergasted to see Rahul holding that placard. Tears of guilt rolled down my cheek for doubting his love. I closed the match and cried my heart out. Then I thought of surprising him by preparing his favorite recipe. I took it for granted that he will return after the end of the match and I knew I had enough time to prepare the meal.

The moment I got up, doorbell rang. When I opened the door I was even more surprised and pleased to see Rahul with a bouquet of flowers (my favorite lilies) in his hand. He offered me the flowers and hugged me with exorbitant warmth and love. I felt complete in his arms.

__END__

