Romantic Short Story – Her Moist Eyes

Photo credit: 

 from 

After those heavy raindrops earlier that day the heaven started sending light drizzles as if t’were teasing every soul in Najibabad. Both of them came out in a mirthful mood from the school. The sprinkles moistening her face and her hair wet. The trees and flowers all smiling with a renewed energy having a glossy touch of water. The sky smeared with varying shades of gray all darkened to black in the fast east corner. All the streets leading to and from St. Mary’s School were full of mud mixed water. They started cycling to their way home with each other talking about the day’s events at school.

“It was fun at school today, no?”, she asked.

“I find all happiness and fun while looking into your eyes”, he replied.

“You should think out of romance at times, huh”, smiling she rebuked.

He increased his pace as they entered a street filled with water to a much higher level than the others and overtook her by about 5 meters. He turned to see where she was and found her cycling slow, almost stuck in water filled up to knees. His eyes met her eyes and he saw a glare in her eyes and could’nt make out if it was a tear or a droplet of water.

Her eyes were requesting him to come and support her, he thought. He stopped where he was, turned back, went to her, held her hand and bicycle. Both of them got off from their bicycles and started moving in that muddy water laughing. Their shoes, socks and pants all wet in mud and water. They cycled for the next mile almost shut, no interaction at all.

“Why did you stop and return?”, she asked.

“I turned back and looked into your eyes and found your eyes calling me near you, to hold you, to be with you. I thought it would hardly matter if I don’t go back but still I have to go, I have to hold you up in your minutest of problems, I have to be by your side whenever you need me. I just had to be with you”, he replied with teary eyes.

“You always read my eyes!”, she complimented.

“That’s because I love you.”

__END__

