Love Short Story – The Unspoken Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

There are few people in your life who directly or indirectly influence you and your life , yes there was a guy in my school days who hardly know who am i but somehow i was not able to forget him, he was not special like neither he was the topper nor he has got deadly looks but there was something in him which kept him alive in my memory. He was very senior to me so he passed and went somewhere that time i didn’t know and actually didn’t bother to know also and his younger brother joined our school , he was good and intelligent more than his brother but even then i use to compare him with his brother however i was no way related to both of them but even then I use to do this stupid thing. Time flew and i was thrown in the world of reality, was working really hard to make my own space . I was growing not only in terms of age but also in the way of my thinking and behavior, i was more liberal in my thoughts and more open to share my views.

As the year passed everything changed and hence my relationship status. I got married , offcourse after dating more that 100 super hot boys but perhaps all boys are not meant to be a good life partner and I didn’t have a mood see a boy growing to become a husband , so i said sorry to all moved to the new and planned phase of my life . Nothing was new except the fact that there was one more important in my life to support me and listen to all my stupid things . Because of a long hostel life i was forced to become independent and i was not able to enjoy the attention and care of “being a girl” but that was ok with me as this was my choice.

Life was moving at its own pace and 3 years just flew.But life has some other plans for me or maybe god always wants some twist in everyone’s life to make it spicy, well while browsing a social networking site I found my senior Pankaj Dubey and I was so happy to see his “Happy Holi to you too ” message in my Inbox, I tried my best to be like what I have made myself in 20 long years but actually you can change your looks but not your gene and hence your character. I was really very happy to know that he remembers my name and my bus stop, well he may not but he said he did. I thought it was going to be a one day affair and he will not text me again and i didn’t expect anything from him but suddenly my message box pop up and a smile was just making its way from my eyes to my lips. I was smiling sitting on my office chair and didn’t even bother to see if anyone looking at me or not, I am not sure why I was happy but yes I was happy for sure .

Then started the series of messaging , well let me tell you he was married by then and was a father of one sweet little girl.We use to chat and sometimes talk also , then came a surprise after i replied “ok” for one of his message he called immediately and that too in between a movie interval and the very first time in the 20 years I was blushing, it was a good feeling may be a feeling to be treated as a important person. My Inbox became habituated to his text whenever he wishes and I use to reply day and night and to be honest I was liking it, I always knew what I was doing and what he means to me off course i was happy so see one of my senior who never noticed me in school to call or text me and that day i came to know age is just a number and we actually are child at heart always.

Well everything was good I started to take him as my good friend ( I really don’t know the definition of a good friend) but there was something between us and because of that I was not able to be myself but I stared waiting for his messages and calls and I became so dependent on him for my smile really!!

Days stared to pass and I didn’t get any messages and of course no calls from his number , I was not feeling bad but not able to understand his behavior, I was so confused that i don’t know how to react , i wanted to fight with him but then i questioned myself why ? Why am I expecting so much from him why he should answer my question and why he is supposed to reply my messages and then I got my answer I have no right to ask him a single question and will try to keep myself apart from him. I was busy in doing things which interest me a lot and probably he was busy in his own world . I knew that he misses me a lot as i use to miss him.

After a few days I got a message in my Inbox , I thought it would certainly be my boss message and my mood got off early in the morning but it was a big smile on my face the moment I opened the message it was him with no text only a smiley , well I again started blushing…:)

He was playing hide and seek and somehow I was not liking it and then I decided to cut off all the contacts and deleted his number which in a way was very childish but i knew if the number will be there in my phone I will keep on calling him and after i did this it worked. I deleted my FB account and there was no way I can contact him but i forgot he has my number and again he text me in the morning but as a very sensible person I replied him without showing him that I was hurt. We started talking and i asked him how is he so free, he didn’t reply , then i asked him is your wife not around then he said yes she is in Delhi and then I realized why he was so free, but ok i just ignored that part as by now I had a soft corner for him.

We kept on chatting more than a day and then suddenly he said he knew that “I love him , I asked him what made you think like that , he said I can best answer that, suddenly someone came and I said will resume our chat after a while. I kept on thinking the whole night , do I really love him and what exactly does it mean, just because i call him and like talking to him he thinks that i love him and even if i say yes i do what kind of love is that , I don’t treat him like my brother as i crack rubbish jokes sometime , he is not a husband figure as i don’t want to sleep with him , he is offcourse not my friend as I am not myself then which love he is referring to ? i was confused , really very confused and now i could understand his behavior very well , he thought i love him and so he started avoiding me . What the hell!

The next morning I was very normal and yes with a clearer picture in my mind about my relationship with him. I told him i didn’t do any exceptional and unusual things to woo you but still I can say I like you because I am very confident on all my relations and I am mature enough to handle this but as far as my love is concerned , i actually don’t know how do you categorize love but if there is something called as love exist then there is only one person whom i love after me and that is Abhijeet my husband , i really cannot imagine my life without him , i cook not only for him but his whole family , i spend money not only on him but his family and friends , i fight with him , i shout at him , i answer him back, i do every bad thing to him you cannot imagine in your dreams but still i cannot imagine my life without him . He may not be the one who comes in my dream but he is a beautiful reality of my life , we choose each other even being so different, he accepts every damn thing including “you” in my life and because of this i love him. He replies his questions not because I am married but i know that is his love in his concerns. Given a chance I can date you but certainly I don’t love you the way you think if love exist.

You were my crush and will always be the one and I dare to accept that and you should also have the guts to accept your feelings, we are humans and attraction does not always mean to cage one another.

Have a good Life and Be in Touch!!

__END__

