This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 09 Aug 2014 and won 

Romantic Story – CRAZY LOVE

Photo credit: 

 from 

The story is of two crazy hearts & their very different marriage. Generally in our country, boy & girl meet each other & they fall in love, and then they get married. Even in ancient times, atleast the family members met the boy & girl & if both the parties agreed, they proceeded.

Here, there is a very different love story, where the boy & girl loved each other. The boy’s family liked the girl. The girl’s family liked the boy. The families also liked each other. But still, they struggled for being together.

**

The story begins inside  a pink painted room of a girl named Pratiksha , who was tagged as the “Hottest girl of the school” . She along with Bhumit, her best friend were preparing for their 12

 exams. Both are sitting on her bed close to each other.

Between them there are opened books one over another. The Barbie doll in a purple skirt on the table besides her resembles the same as her. Bhumit’s  father & her father were  business-partners.

Bhumit’s father is a money-minded man. His  main  interest is to buy properties to widen his political power & fear amongst the people .He used his political powers to even kill  the  people of odhaypur, if they disagreed to his terms & conditions.

Both the partners  had a plan since long time. That was Bhumit’s marriage with Pratiksha to widen his business. They both were allowed to spend time together even at  night to bring them closer. They both liked each other.

But the destiny is never as per our wish. Soon the things around them changed. Both the business partners had a futile feud & the two young besties were separated. Because of the same both Bhumit & Pratiksha were not even aloud to talk to each other .

They were more separated when from the neighborhood, Bhumit went for his higher studies to A’bad & Pratiksha ,along with the family went abroad. But they were in  contact only through Skype.

Bhumit’s father appointed two bodyguards, Pavan & Paresh for Bhumit’s safety. As it was for the first time, when he went out of the house .Pavan was MR. Sinh’s news-reporter. He was the one, who informed Mr. Sinh about Bhumit & his activities time- to- time.

So, Bhumit always had a  fear for him, which he never said to anyone. In his loneliness, he gets an anonymous call which changed his life.

**

I, Sanjana Sharma, a small town bookworm with average looks. Friends call me Sanju.

Since childhood I had only one dream, that’s to become an engineer .I was very passionate.

But unlike other parents, my parents dream was not to see me getting a job. It was all about me my marriage.

May be because my parents were conservative, I was a bit introvert & had no friends. On my first step to college, I was blessed with two good friends, Sneha & Varsha, my roommates.

Sneha was from my place. But we never met each other before, as we were from different schools. Once we  went to college  library together to complete our project. There I met a cool flirty boy with white t-shirt & red checks jacket. This good looking, spiky boy is Sneha’s schoolmate Arjun.

In library………

“hi honey!!!”, Arjun said to Sneha.

“hi”, she was excited to see him & gave a big smile.

I starred at Sneha & then at  her friend. But , decided to continue with my studies.

“what are you doing here???”, she then asked him .

She was surprised to see him over there.

There  was suddenly a noise “ssshhhhh”. It was our librarian with his huge stomach in his white  shirt .

She then softly said ,“You came to lib!!!!”

As if she never expected him there.

“ Yah honey!!!!what to do……..anything for girls……”, he replied in his flirty way. He appeared to be aimless.

“ You are still the same…..”she replied shooking her head & with a smile on her face.

He suddenly turned towards me & then whispered at  Sneha’s ears, “who is the girl sitting next to you???”

I was in  white dress with oily hairs . I was very simple & was least bothered about my appearance. Sometimes, I went to library in my night dress & wet hairs.

“Sshhh, she’s roommate”, she replied tapping her hand in the air.

“She is a book worm, very boring……. “ she then said. Her expressions were as if was really very boring.

He burst out laughing…….

“Sssshh…..”, the librarian repeated.

“This dark fantacy is your friend???”, he asked her & continued laughing.

“Yah, so what???”she asked him in a usual way.

“ still she is interested in studies…….no bookworms can survive with you……”, he said & continued with his laughter.

His voice was audible enough for me to hear him. But I was busy with my work. So. I just decided to  ignore them & continued……

“Introduce me to her”, he said.

Sneha starred at him & said “don’t tell me that now she is the next……” & she posed.

“Please Sneha “,  he requested all on a sudden holding her hand.

“she’s just a bookworm. You will be bored”, she said to him.

“Oh really!!!!”, he said to her in a cool way.

He gave a smile to Sneha & towards me……

“Hi!!!”, he said.

I was shocked & just gave an odd look to him. I was unable to believe that the boy who was making fun of me just a moment before is interested in talking with me. I was confused .Within no time…..

“ how are you???, he asked again.

I looked towards Sneha & then towards Arjun & gave a smile to him.

“ hi…….”, I said then  with a fake smile on my face & just looked down to my book.

Sneha introduced Arjun

“Sanju!!! This is my friend Arjun.  We were classmates”.

I just smiled & continued with my studies.

“in which branch you are??”, he asked me.

“chemical engineering”, I replied looking at him & then back to book.

“1

 sem???”, he asked me as if to conform.

“yah!!!”, I asked him.

“we are classmates dear. My roll number is 48 & yours???”, he asked me.

“40…”, I said.

“but I have never seen you in the class”, I then said.

“because I have never seen the class.”, he said in a very normal way.

“great….you both are classmates & you don’t even know each other ”,Sneha asked to us.

“but there is nothing which interests me to attend the class”, he said as if he was forced to study.

“then why you joined the college???”, I asked him.

“parents dear……”, he said.

“but I think, I should attend the class now……” he said looking at me.

“anyways bye…”, he said getting up from the chair & left.

But, for him, I  was not like other modern girls with whom he flirted . He felt something different about me; something special.

He was a regular bunker. But ,now he started attending the classes. He completed all his pending work . I helped him to cope-up with his studies.

He always gave a smile to me whenever we met.  Gradually, a friendship bloomed up between us. We were so close that we became the topic of gossips for our classmates. They thought that Arjun & I are in relationship. But, for me, we were just friends.

We enjoyed each-others company. He was the only boy with whom I talked in the entire college. He was very funny.

Gradually , I  became his best friend. But back room, inside the four faded walls, I  found nothing except lovebirds busy either on phone or busy on social networking sites.

Because of  his friendship, I got a promotion. From miss mute, I  changed to non-stop radio. I started talking to other boys of my class as well.

One day, I  wanted my book for the completion of my project. It was by mistake left with Arjun in the library. I called Arjun to inform him about the same.

It was 7pm. The evening appeared to be a bit naughty .So, I  decided to play prank with Arjun & so, I called him from my another sim number. He didn’t have that number.

He picked up the call & said, “hello!!!” I  didn’t respond to his “hello”. He was irritated.

Misunderstanding me to be his naughty friend Bhumit, he started giving bad words in a way boys do. Bhumit’s was living the next door. They  become friends in a very short span of time.

First , I  didn’t react. But as he started crossing his limits, I  also responded.

**

On phone………

“how dare u speak like this to a girl??? Do you know who am I???”, I asked him angrily.

“that’s what am asking you since a long time……who are you???”, he asked me  in a funny way.

“am the wife of city police commissioner……”,I replied.

“oh !!that’s great………am the new DYSP over here……your good name madam…??”, he replied . His reply made me to laugh. I kept the phone a bit away from me & I just silently laughed for a moment.

“stop it!!! You are torchoring me…….”, I then said trying to make my voice strong.

“you called me first……..”,he replied in a strong voice.

“oh really!!! But now it’s your call…..”, I said with an attitude.

“ I don’t have time to waste…..bye……..”,I then said & just cancelled the call.

But Arjun called me after 15 min. from another number. It was 11pm. He doubted that it was me as the voice was familiar to him.

He called me again & again. But, I didn’t respond to the anonymous number. Finally after 3 missed calls , I picked up the phone .But didn’t speak a word till he cleared that it was him from another number.

He apologized  & explained me all the stuff about his misunderstandings. He then asked me about my true identity. I  didn’t give a satisfactory reply. He then asked me if I was Sanjana. But, I  denied as we just fought & I  cancelled the call. By now ,it was 11:25.

Next day, in the canteen he gave chocolates to me as it was chocolate day. Meanwhile, he informed me about the anonymous call he received the day before. I was nervous & just managed to escape from there.

But, I was upset thinking about the incidence. So, I decided to confess & I just waited for the clock to show 12 , our lunch break time so that  I can apologize to him.

I saw Arjun sitting in the table just next to me  busy talking with his friends. I decided to call him & just uncover the incidence. So, I  just pressed the green button in my phone twice & called him. The call was responded , but it was not Arjun who responded to my call. It was the person to whom the number belonged to.

It was Bhumit’s number. I was shocked & just cancelled the call. During lectures also, the professor was conducting the class , but  I was no more mentally present in the lecture. I was disturbed by the fact that a stranger has my phone number.

At 6pm, I  was back hostel & was completing my studies .Suddenly, I received a call .It was Bhumit. I  was shocked. I thought for a while about what to do, but then I decided to attend the call to know about the person whom the number belongs to. I stood up from the chair, & silently moved out of my room without disturbing my roommates busy on phone. I  never wanted to be a topic of their gossips .

I  went to the terasse. I  sat on cemented grills in my black & white nightwear.

The boys were standing at the corridor of boys hostel & was gazing me .It irritated me a lot. But I was unable to cancel. I had absolutely no other option than continuing.

Bhumit  wanted to know about the person who is being called from his cell phone since last two days. May be because he didn’t ask about me to arjun . He was all alone in the room. Silence in his room implied the same. I  listened the song he was playing in the radio , through the phone. I never wanted to introduce myself. I had privacy concern.

Moreover, I never wanted to be a subject for public talks as from his words ,I  understood that Bhumit is Arjun’s friend & so , I  just lied.

On phone……

“hello”, I said

“ may I know your name???”, bhumit asked me.

“name???”, I asked him . I was confused about what to say.

“yah!!!name………..”, he replied in an easy way.

“Why??? you didn’t have a name????” in a funny manner he then asked.

“no……”I  replied suddenly.

“I mean ……yes!!! My name is Jasmine”, I said within no time.

he laughed & said me “Jasmine!!!”.

I was a bit nervous & asked him in a strong voice “why are you laughing??????”

I felt that he recognized me.

“no….actually I asked your name…..But I think you named your favourite flower”, he replied.

“no..….it’s  my name, Jasmine”, I said firmly.

“where are you from????”, he then asked.

I was irritated & just asked him ,“ But why you want to know about me??? I mean ………..we don’t even know each other………”

”hey!!!!come on……..I  was just asking. If you don’t wanna reply, it’s fine……..”, he said.

“ by the way……it’s promise day today………”, he then said.

“ so???”, I asked in a normal way.

“ can we be just friends???”, he asked me.

I was shocked & asked him spontaneously, “what????”

I found him to be the only person to confuse me & give me a shock treatment.

“

….what’s wrong in that??????”, he asked.

I  found no way to escape. I was totally confused. Anyways, I  had no one to talk with in my room & it was a guy with very appealing voice. So , I  personally never wanted to say “no” to him .But I didn’t say yes also………

“hello…..is anybody there???”, he asked me after allowing me to take a pose.

“yah!!!”, I said suddenly.

“oh !!! so you said yes. Thanks………..”, he appeared to be happy.

“No no………actually I was…..”, I started explaining the stuff to correct him.

But , before I say something he said, “thank you my dear friend. Bye …….see you”,  & cancelled the call.

I found myself a bit thrilled. It was for the first time when someone behaved so closely with me. I felt like he is the one for whom I was being  waiting so long.

Bhumit was also in a same situation. He wanted someone who treats him like a friend & not as a boss. So, he was also excited about our new friendship.

We talked regularly. We enjoyed each other’s  company very much, we laughed, he shared his secrets with me & we were very comfortable with each other.

Next day , at 9 am, he was lying in his bed  wearing a blue T-shirt with black trousers . He get up & sat on his bed & rubbed his eyes. He then gave a pose to himself. He turned right & found his bodyguards still asleep .He gave a smile to himself  & just took  the phone to call me.

I  was busy going college & had to cancel his call. He called me again & again. Everytime , I felt the vibration of the mobile. It shacked my heart for no reason .

But unfortunately, I had no other option than ignoring the calls. He was a bit disappointed.

Finally after 10 missed calls from him ,I  went to washroom in my tea break to call him.

It was 10:05 by now.

I just said, “am sorry…I was having classes” & explained him the situation

“I’l be free after 6pm. So, I’l  call you after 6 ….ok dear” I said before cancelling the call.

Every time he wanted to say something. But I never gave him a gap to speak.

At last he said, “ok” & I cancelled the call.

Gradually,  I was changing. I started bunking my classes to talk with him. Now ,I  started caring about my appearance & was no more a bookworm.

Bhumit was totally attracted towards my care for him. It was for the first time in his life when somebody actually cared for him. He, in his loneliness missed me. Even when walking in the moon light , he was thinking of me & wished to talk with me .There was an undiscovered feeling for me in his heart.  The thing existed in my heart too.

One day, I called him at 9:15. He picked up the call and said

“hey!!!! Good morning….. Is it a holiday for you??”

“no!! “, I said very politely.

“you didn’t go to college???”, he then asked me.

“am at college only”, I replied.

“then???”, he asked me .He was confused.

“I missed you a lot. So, I just bunked my class”, I replied him.

“you bunked???”, he asked me.

He was surprised to hear this. I felt as if it was something unexpected for him.

“By the way, I missed you too”, he said in a sweet voice.

There was silence around us. After sometime……….

“hey, you bunk regularly???”, he asked me.

“no.”, I said.

“you bunked for me.…I know” ,he said to me in a very sweet voice.

Before I say something he said, “promise me that you’l not bunk any more classes for me”, he said.

I didn’t know what to say. I just said “yah!!! I  promise”.

”studies are more important. Don’t repeat it”, he said in a firm voice.

“Ok dear”, I said in a very polite manner.

He then asked me if engineering is easy .As he found M.B.B.S. not his cup of tea.

I said ,“but you will do it .Your parents want you to become a doctor. You also know. So, you should do it, alteast for them…..”

” please ”, I requested him.

“but there is a lot to study”, he said.

“You will do it. Because for my friend , nothing is impossible”, I said to encourage him.

“I’l do it”, he said with confidence. I was happy to convince him

“ok…..got to go………bye…… see you after 6…….”, I said.

I really wished if it was a holiday & I can just spend my whole day talking to him. Everytime, I listened to his voice, I felt like listening more. I was unable to cancel his calls. I found it difficult for him too.  I felt as if he also feels something for me .

There was just silence…….

“cancel the call dear”, I  said to him after sometime.

“Ok”, he said.

But, he didn’t do it. By now, I reached the class & had to cancel the call.

At 12:35, he called me as it was my lunch break time. He expected me to attend his call. But he was just disappointed as I was busy with my friends having lunch in the mess & the phone was in my bag, in silent mode.

When I reached home, I found 25 missed calls from him. I felt bad about it & just called him back.

On phone……

“Am so sorry dear….. I was unaware about your calls……am sorry…” I said in a sad voice.

“It’s ok dear……you were not free…right??”, he asked.

“Yah!!! as soon as I returned , I took my phone to call you & found your missed calls”, I replied .

“Am extremely sorry”, I said . I felt guilty. It was for the first time when I thought of someone without any limitations.

“It’s ok dear”, he said.

“how was your day???”, he asked me then.

“Great”, I said.

“& yours???”, I asked him.

“Fine…..”, he said.

I felt as if he’s still sad about the incident. I decided to divert his mind & asked him

“hey, who’s your role model???”

“I think it’s Ahmedabad’s king, Bhumit Sinh”, he said loudly.

At that moment, I felt like am talking to an innocent lamb, who deserves love.

I burst out laughing & asked, “anything else sir???”

Suddenly, my phone beeped. It was my mom. I was tensed & cancelled his phone. I called back mom to talk with her.

“Where were you???Now-a-days, you don’t even call me. And whenever  I call , I  always find your phone busy”, she said in a loud volume.

She was angry with me. She just kept on scolding me & I was thinking of a way to escape.

“mummy ,I was busy completing my project”, I said in a sad voice.

It was for the first time in my life when I lied to my mummy. I was guilty about it, but found absolutely no way to escape.

If mummy ever came to know that her daughter was busy with a guy, then probably it would be the last day of my college Then instead of becoming an engineer, I’l directly become a housewife without any degree.

“ok….had your snacks???”, mummy suddenly asked in a normal tone.

I felt as if my lie convinced her. Teardrops started falling from my eyes.

“yah mummy!!!”, I said , trying to comfort myself to hide my pain from my mummy.

My phone beeped. It was Bhumit. I wished to talk with him. But at the same time, I was helpless.

“how’s your studies going on??? Are you studying well???”, mummy asked me.

“yes mummy”, I said.

“study well sweetheart. You are our life. Your father wishes to see you at the top & I know you will never let him down. You are my blood. I trust you”, mummy said emotionally.

The phone beeped again …….

“take care of your health….ok dear”,mummy said.

“Yah mummy…”, I said.

“What happened dear??? You sounds upset……”mummy asked me.

“nothing mummy….”, I said trying to handle myself.

“say dear”, mummy insisted me.

“Mummy am fine”, I said in a firm voice.

“have you completed with your assignment???”, mummy asked.

“no mummy”, I replied.

“ok then go & complete it. Ok dear………bye”, mummy said.

“Bye mummy”, I said & cancelled the call.

The phone beeped again…….

I was unable to pick up the call. I felt as if am cheating my parents & destroying their dreams by my new change. I decided to stay away from him. The phone kept on beeping.

But l found it difficult for me to control my mind  .It was like a money jumping from one tree to another.  It took a lot of efforts for me to ignore his call till night 9.

But , I missed the sunset view,  which I always saw from the terasse while talking with him. I was unable to concentrate on my studies . I got up every minute to check whether I have a call from him or not.

The talks of lovebirds added fuel to the fire in my heart. Moreover, I wanted to show the world which called me “

”, that it’s not just your skin which makes you loveable. Even a clean heart filled with true love can make you conquer the world of love.

The  phone was still ringing .I decided to pick up the call as my mind ruled over my heart.

He asked me about the reason of not attending his call. I just babbled & changed the topic.

We talked the entire night .

He was frank with me. By now, I  knew much about him.

 

**

After a month……….

The time was 1 pm .

After ½ hr talk he asked me,  “Why you always say no to me whenever I say that I want to see you???We are living in the same city. I want to meet you with your permission. Otherwise, I would have traced you. But, I’l not do it”, he said.

He was polite. He didn’t force me to meet him.

“But why you want to meet me???”, I asked him. I was confused about what to say.

“I’l not force you. But don’t you feel it’s high time for us to trust each other???”, he asked me.

“I trust you. It’s just that I have privacy concern. Please try to understand”, I said very politely.

“Hope you’l not behave like this with your bf…”, the angry young man said.

“I don’t have any bf…”, I replied.

“Not yet????”, he asked. He appeared to be thrilled.

“no!!! & what about you???”, I asked him.

“not yet”, he said.

“ok….”, I said normally.

“but I think I have found her”, he said happily.

“who’s she???”, I asked him .

I was a bit upset. But I managed to hide it.

“she is beautifull. She is the owner of a great heart. & the most beautiful is her name”, he said .

He appeared to be naughty.

“What’s her name???”, I asked him.

I wished if it was my name. I didn’t understand whether I loved him or not. But still I never wanted to lose him.

“you know her…”, he said humbly.

I was confused.

“her name is Jasmine”, he whispered.

The night appeared to be mine. I was at the top of the world for a moment. My happiness had no boundaries. I was excited. But I was unable to believe what I heard.

“what???”, I asked him out of shock.

“yah!!! It’s true. I love you….”, he said in a romantic voice.

The cool breeze blowing soothed me & his words gave me a great pleasure like never before.

I looked up to the open sky .The stars were shining brighter. But, suddenly I realized about my parents & their dreams, which was my priority.

I said “don’t’ think like this about me….”

I never wanted to say him like that. I was sad for an undiscovered reason.

I cancelled the call  & never picked up his call for long 6 months.

 

By now, I completed my 2

 year. I exchanged my sim with mom.

When mom asked for the reason for this exchange, I said ,“signal problem mom….idea’s signal seems to be good than airtel”, I said her for the sim. I never wanted to tell mom what the actual problem was.

Rest of the 3 months, I lived struggling hard to forget him. But he didn’t. I was unable to control myself.

Always, I thought of him. Even in mob, while talking to friends, in classes, each & every moment, I just thought of him. Every sunset ended not only the day but it killed me too. I was still confused about my feelings for him.

I was totally lost. I decided to call him.  Whenever I missed him, I went to the terasse.

It was 11 at night when I gave a ring to him .  He picked up the call & said ,“hello”.

I was unable to speak a word to him. I cancelled the call . Within a couple of minutes, he  called me back. I was all alone in the terasse. I found pigeon couples sitting in the window of boys hostel right in front of me.

“”hello!”, he said in his sweet voice. I was still silent. My eyes wetted. He said again “hello”

“hello”, I said.

“Hey!!! how are you dear??”, he asked me in a polite voice. He recognized my voice even after the long six months.

“am fine”, I said emotionally.

“ & what about you??”, I then asked him.

“Missed you a lot”,he said in a very soft voice. He was happy with my call. I felt it from his voice.

“me too”, I said to him in a humble voice.

Silence surrounded us. The time stopped. My  heartbeats fastened. But my breathe was posed.

I felt a pain in the centre of my chest. The situation was same for him.

“where were you since long 6 months??? Why you left me alone???”, he asked me in a child.

“I didn’t have answers to you questions. Because , I  asked this question to myself mannier times in the long 6 months”, I said.

After a break……….

“do you still……”, he didn’t complete his statement.

“what??”,I asked in a strange voice.

“I was asking you that do you still ….”, he didn’t complete again.

“Say…..”, I insisted him.

“Do you still  don’t love me??”, he asked me. He was hesitated.

I didn’t want to say yes to him .  But, I never wished to hurt him anymore.

I said ”yah!! I love you”.

“what???? really??”, he was exited.

“yah!!! it took long 6 months to realize it….”, I said humbly.

“thank god……I love you too….”, he was very happy.

“am sorry to leave you alone ”, I said emotionally.

“leave it dear. Let’s make a new beginning….”, he said.

“yah !!! i also want the same”, I said.

“hey, if you love me , then why you left me for a long time????”, he asked me.

“because I know that there is no future for our relationship… it has to end one day….”, I said emotionally.

“Don’t worry about parents. My parents will never say no to me”, he said.

“but my parents will never say yes to me. They are a bit introvert. For them there is no big crime than falling in love with someone”, I said to him.

“don’t worry honey!! After meeting me, your parent will never say no to us”, he said confidently.

“we are of different castes. My parents will not say yes dear. So, I think we should…….”,  I was unwilling to complete my statement.

“I think we should marry!!!”, he said suddenly &  completed my statement.

I was shocked & asked him “what????”

I was going to tell him ,”forget me” & he is talking about marriage.

He said, “I mean, we met through phone, we became friends through phone, we loved each other through phone. Then why can’t we marry….”

“through phone???”I said suddenly & completed his statement.

“Exactly”, he said in an easy manner.

“but… how is it possible???”, I asked him. I was confused.

“it’s possible dear!! Close your eyes…….”, he said.

“what??”, I asked him. I had no idea about  what he’s going to do.

“just close your eyes & do what I said..”, he ordered me.

“ok boss!!!”, I said.

“imagine me sitting next to you as your groom”, he said.

“it’s beautiful”, I said with great pleasure.

“yah!! I know !!”, he said.

“by  the way looking gorgeous sweetheart”, he said in a flirty voice.

I blushed & said “thanks”.

“now imagine that our parents, relatives & all our friends are with us praising the most beautiful & loving couple in the world”, he said.

“I wish if it wasn’t a dream..”, I said humbly.

“I’l make it true for you…”, he said confidently.

“it’s not so easy dear!!”, I said.

“leave it to me. I’l make it true for you. All your dreams are no more just yours .It’s mine too”, he said .He appeared to be the most romantic boyfriend in the world.

“our marriage is going on”, I said. I was thrilled.

“now let’s exchange our wedding rings darling”, he said.

“now we are supposed to complete 7 holy rounds”, I said  him.

“we are supposed to make 7 promises too”, he said.

“yah !!! I know”, I said.

“the first three promises are of yours honey!!!”, he said.

“ok…….my promises are…….

I  love you…..

I’l  love you more than anything in this world……

I’l love you forever….

Now it’s your turn honey”, I said.

“Mine are……first , I’l love you forever ……even in my last breathe I’l love you….

Second, I’l never leave you alone, whatever may be the circumstances, I’l be there with you……

Third, I’l complete all your dreams for us………..

Fourth, You’l be the only one whom I always want in my arms…..you’l be always safe in my heart…..i promise”, he said .

My heart beated faster & eyes were closed. I looked up to the open sky with a smile on my face & opened my eyes slowly. I was so excited.

I wanted to kiss him. I just wished if it was not a dream. He made me to love him more & more.

“muah”, he kissed me.

“what??”, I asked him. I was surprised.

“it was my first kiss to my wife”, he said in a very appealing voice.

I was happy. I felt something which I never felt before. He hypnotized me. He had just stolen my heart.

He  also felt the same . I wished if I was in his arms, enjoying his warmth.

“Honey come on. Let’s kiss”, he said.

My naughty boy was making me feel thrilled. But I said “no”, inspite of kissing him 100 times in my mind.

“muah…..i kissed you……now it’s your turn come on…”, he said again.

“honey….what you like the most in me??”, I asked him instead of just kissing him.

“your nature….it just made me to fall in love with you. I don’t care about your looks. Don’t worry…..i’l not leave you because of your looks. I’l make you as beautiful as your heart”, he said to me.

It was at that time when I realized that he remember everything I said to him about me & my family.

I was unable to say a word. He then asked me after a pose, ”what about you ???what you like the most in me”.

“you are so funny………I like you”, I said .

“just like??no love honey???”, he asked in a funny way.

“honey I love you”, I said in a childish way.

“I know…”, he said secretly.

“honey…today I saw a movie . In that movie, the hero wrote his name & phone number in a rs. 100 note & heroin wrote her name & phone num in a book.

The heroin had a condition that if she gets his money or if he gets the book, then it mean that they are made for each other ”, I said.

“ok….”, he said.

“honey….let’s try it. Write your name’s first letter & then my name’s first letter in a note & I’l also do the same.

I’l write my names first letter & your name’s first letter in a note & tomorrow we will buy something with the money……”, I said.

“ok….& then if we get the money, then we will meet & we will marry each other. Isn’t it???”, he asked me.

“yah!!! ”, I said.

“ok…then I’l do it for you. Right now, I have a rs. 500 note only . So, I’l write our first letters in the note ok…. ”, he said .

“& I’l write it in the rs .10 note. I’l buy a chocolate with the money tomorrow ”, I said .

“Ok honey…. Now come on…..let’s kiss”, he then said after a pose.

“no”, I said. I was a bit naughty.

“ but it’s our wedding night. See it’s 11:45. The day will end in just 15 min……”, he said.

“no….”, I said strongly. But I was smiling secretly. I enjoyed torturing  him.

“ok..i’l not force you …I think you don’t like such things. But after our marriage in real life, I’l not listen to you…..”, he said.

“I’l not stop you then”, I said humbly.

“ok”, he said & kept silent.

“what happened honey. Are you upset???”, I asked.

“to be honest , a bit”, he said in a sad voice.

“but why???”, I asked him in a sweet voice.

“nothing …….leave it”, he said.

“muah”, I kissed my sweetheart.

I never wanted him to be upset. I wanted my boy to be always happy with me.

“what??”, he was thrilled.

“I kissed you..It’s 11:50. The day will end soon…….so…

muah”, I said to him in the most romantic way I can.

“muah……..come closer to me my love……

hug me more tightly……let me feel your heartbeats”, he whispered.

“yah!!”, I said.

His voice was so sweet. I felt as if he had only honey & sweets for dinner & nothing else.

My heartbeats were becoming faster. We celebrated our night by decorating our wedding chamber with love on phone. The night just continued. We made our love on phone.

After sometime…….

“honey are you fine???”, he asked me.

“yah!!! ”, I said.

“how was that???”, he asked me.

“I enjoyed it”, I replied.

“me too….muah”, he said.

“muah”, I also kissed him.

“muah… muah…. “,he always kissed me. In every kiss, my heartbeated faster.

“Honey, leave me now please”,I said.

“no….i want to hug you whole night & sleep on your arms”, he said me.

“honey it’s 1:30 . Go to your bed……. please honey”, I requested him.

“how can you look towards clock when you are with me?? & am in bed only…..with you”, he said to me.

“honey I have to go now…..close your eyes & imagine that am there in your arms……. muah”,I said.

“no honey… don’t go please”, he said like a small kid.

“good night honey….”, I said.

“ok… good night ”,he said in a sad voice.

I never wanted to leave him like this. Neither I was able to cancel the call nor he did it for me.

Like a blessing, my phone was suddenly switched off due to zero charge on my phone. I was sad on one side, but at the other side , I was happy. I was unable  to understand my feelings.

I was blushing whole night. But, I  still had a good sleep like never before. He also returned home from the park where he always went to talk with me in privacy.

After 10 min he called me.  But , he got the message that, ”the number you are calling is either switched off or not reachable. Please try later”.

He found all his roommates were fast asleep. When I entered my room, the lights were off & were inside their blankets.

“Honey I reached home …..“, he messaged me at 1:5am.

”why you switched off your phone???”, he asked me in his second message at 1:10am.

then after 5 min,”I love you”, he messaged again at 1:18am.

“are you angry with me?? am sorry honey”, he messaged me at 1:25 am.

“good night………take care”, his final message, at 1:43am.

“good morning sweetheart”, he messaged me at morning 7am.

“wake up honey”, he messaged me at 7:5 am.

“I love you darling”, he messaged me at 7:9am.

“so, still you didn’t charge your phone???”, he messaged me at 7:15am

“am sorry honey….if I hurt you”, he messaged me at 7:18am

“Ok……am going to sleep now. Call me as after charging your phone… ok dear. Muah”, he messaged me at 7:35am.

All these messages were delivered to me at morning 10 am, after I charged my phone .

Thank god, it was a Sunday. Otherwise my sweetheart had to wait for the clock to show 6pm to talk with me. I felt as if my  boy didn’t sleep all night. I wanted to call him as soon as the phone was charged. But , I didn’t call him.

I wanted him to have a proper sleep . I didn’t want to disturb my honey boy in his sleep. Finally, at 12 pm, I received a call from him & I just picked it up.

“hello honey boy……..good morning”, I said in a sweet voice.

“you wake up now??? ”,ha asked me.

“no…..but I didn’t want you to get disturbed in your sleep. That’s why I didn’t call. ”, I cleared my part before I get angry.

“ok  honey”, he said.

“you didn’t sleep whole night???”, I asked him.

“I slept on your arms…..”, he said.

I blushed.

After a small pose, “Still it’s night for me” ,he said.

“then get up from the bed & open your eyes. It’s 12 noon. Get up now ”, I said.

“ muah. I don’t want to get up .I want to  sleep on  my honey’s arms whole day like this”, he said very politely.

There was silence around us for a couple of seconds…..

“had your breakfast??”, I asked him.

“you didn’t serve it to me”, he said.

“oh!!! So, now I have to serve it for you.  I’l do it with pleasure sir .What would you like to have now for lunch??”, I asked him happily.

“anything made by my wife for me with her love……

and……”,,he didn’t complete.

“& what??”, I asked him.

“a lovely kiss on my lips from you……….muah”,he said.

“stop it honey”, I said.

“I love you”, he said in a humble manner.

“I love you too”, I said.

As usual , we then talked the whole day. We called each other to say just good morning or good night….but the talk ended for hours.

But, I was afraid. I very well knew that my parents will  not allow me to be with him. I always had a fear of losing him. I knew that our love had no future. So, I always requested him to leave me. But he didn’t do it .

The next day , he called me after 11 night. My roommates came out from the blanket , holding their phone at a distance & shouted my name ,”Sanju…..”& starred at me.

For a moment I felt as if they are going to throw me out from the room. But they didn’t do it. They again returned inside the blanket & continued with their lover.

He said “I wanted to wish my honey good night & sweet dreams ” but the call was cancelled only after 1 at night.

 

Select Page below to Continue Reading…

