Romantic Short Story – I Love YOU TOO !

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love is like a stranger who happens to go past your home every day but you never recognize him/her until he/she knocks the door of your heart. Same happened with me. She was there, all the time during those two years of my MBA but I never recognized her. One year paased after MBA and I couldn’t get the job I liked so I decided to reach Mumbai to start my career as fashion photographer. One of my close friends of MBA, Vishal used to work in Mumbai as fashion designer. And the girl, Rashi (Same MBA girl), used to be a Garment manufacturer in Mumbai . In this way all of us were connected by our profession. After another year passed in Mumbai, I realized I had fallen in love with Rashi. When I told Vishal about how I felt for her, he cursed me why I never interacted with her when we were classmates. It’s because the love didn’t knock the door then.

####

 

I was very confused. I just wanted to speak my heart to Rashi but at the same time I was afraid. I gathered some courage and dialed her no.

“Hello,” said a beautiful voice.

“Hi, Rashi!” I paused, “I was thinking if I can meet you today.”

“Yeah sure. Come home, 

 has made rajma-rice for lunch.” She said.

“No not at home. I was thinking if we can meet outside of home at some coffee shop or something.” I said.

“Vibhu,” she spoke my name heavily “are you asking me out?”

“Hmm, kind of.” I said.

“See I would be happy to go with you if you were so sure about taking me out.”

“Sure. I am damn sure. I want to take you out Rashi.”

“I know,” she started grinning “so where should we meet?”

“ is Juhu-Beach okay” I asked.

“It’s perfect! I complete my pending work now and see you at 3 O’clock”

“Alright. I see you then.” I hung up the call.

“What do you think Vishal about Rashi? I mean does she love me, too?” I wanted to know his opinion on our relationship status. He knew both of us more than we knew each other.

“I think she loves you too. But you have to initiate to propose her.” he said.

“I am going to propose her today. It’s a perfect chance,” I paused “just Rashi and me, sitting on Juhu beach. I will do it today.”

“Best of luck,” he said getting ready to go to meet his client.

While I still had three more hours to meet her so I decided to be groomed by reaching a nearby boys’ salon.

“

?” The hairdresser asked me. I thought for a second.

“Okay. But which else will suit me,” I asked in return.

“

,” he suggested. He was a big fan of Bollywood as I could see posters of many film stars.

“Okay. Do it,” I said knowing there could be a risk of looking terribly odd, yet I took a chance.

For the next hour or so, he kept applying different materials on my hair that could help me have Shahrukh’s style and then he took another hour in cutting it. I wondered even real Shahrukh Khan might not have spent this much time on his own hairstyle. Finally, after a while he gave me freedom. I rushed to reach Juhu.

####

I reached Juhu Beach, tried to find Rashi around as it was 5 minutes past 3:00. She finally appeared. I saw her from a long distance. I wondered what she would have to say about my new look. I only wished she didn’t make fun of my hairstyle, as she never leaves any chance of Leg-pulling.

“Hey,” she raised her hand finding me from her place. I walked towards her.

“Oohhh,” she said, closely observing my new look. “New hair style, hmm”

“How did you find it?” I asked hoping she didn’t pull my leg. We found a place to sit

“Your hair is like Shahrukh’s and I like Aamir’s.”

“So you want me to have Aamir’s style.”

“When did I say so?”

“But you did mean so.”

“Hello,” she snapped her fingers. “why should I care about your hair style?” she was trying not to laugh. Her leg-pulling session had started.

“Anyway I myself like Aamir. And I am going to keep Aamir’s style soon” I said in my defense.

She stayed quiet, smiling silently.

“I know this hairdresser who can turn my hair into Aamir’s hair,” I said as she started laughing badly. She kept laughing into her for a while until I asked, “Now what?”

“That’s all about hair. But can he also turn your face as handsome as Aamir’s,” she did not stop laughing.

“What do you mean by turning? I am already handsome. More handsome than your Aamir.”

“My Aamir……I wish he was my Aamir,” She heaved deeply pretending to feel so regretted.

“Call your Aamir. I am going Andheri back,” I stood up to leave because no other way could overdo her. I started walking for a while, getting far from her.

“And I am very much of happy with my Shahrukh’s hairstyle,” I shouted turning back to her. She was still laughing.

In real sense, I could not leave her alone like this as I was too doing childish thing with her, so I sat 15-16 steps away from her.

She looked at me and started shouting to tease me “Aamir Aamir.”

I looked at her smiling. I love the way she becomes drama queen

“Aamir khan,” She shouted again. People around her started looking at her surprisingly.

In return, I too shouted, “Priyanka Chopra. Priyanka Chopra.”

Some of the people who were seeing Rashi, turned to me now. Instead of feeling embarrassed, I felt extremely happy to do such a nonsense thing.

She stood up from her place to walk to mine.She sat beside me and said, “see, I’ve called Aamir but he hasn’t come so I am planning my day with you”

“Hmm, in fact I too called Priyanka. She hasn’t come either so I think you are not that bad to spend a day with,” I said as she smiled.

We kept sitting there for a while. All the while, I had one question in my mind – is this the right time to propose her? And I finally decided to do it now.

“Rashi, I want to say something,” I was going to propose her.

“Say it later. Feed me something first. I am too hungry,” she stood up.

“But…..”

“No but…let’s go first,” she pulled my hand up, in order to make me stand and go with her.

I stood up. We walked around to see if there was something Rashi might like to eat. She said she would eat 

I loved the way she ate 

 Her facial expressions told that it was too spicy for her, yet she loved it.

After a while, we thought to have regular meal for the lunch. Rashi had come by car, and I had come by Vishal’s bike. We let the bike remain parked in the parking, and sat in Rashi’s car, reaching to Smokin’ Joe’s at Rose Apartment, Juhu Gaothan. Rashi just loved the pizza by Smokin’ Joe’s. We ordered a medium Chicken Mexicana Pizza for us.

“Rashi, you look nice in this black dress!” I said to fill the time gap between ordering the pizza and getting it.

“You too,” she said. I still could not initiate to propose her. When she said ‘you too’ I thought of a way I might propose her easily.

“Rashi, shall I ask something?” I had to pretend I didn’t understand ‘you too’.

“What?” she said as the waiter arrived with our pizza

“I really don’t understand what ‘you too’ means,” I said pretending as if I really didn’t know it.

“You are kidding me. How come you don’t know this,” she said in way of humor. She didn’t believe I didn’t get this.

“I seriously don’t get these two words together ‘you too’. It okay if you don’t want to make me get this,” I said. I was just waiting for her to start explaining this.

“See ‘you too’ is a phrase of complimenting people back for whatever they had complimented us,” she really gave a good explanation. Yet I had to show I didn’t get it.

“What?….I still can’t get it.”

“Ohh ho,” she showed her disappointment. “Say, if you tell me that I am the most beautiful girl in this world then I would say ‘you too’ that means YOU are the most handsome boy in this world, TOO”

“I agree with the later part,” I said mischievously.

“We only agree with something we have doubt. The former part is a fact.” She said, not letting her down.

“I guess someone is praising herself,” I said as she smiled.

We had finished our pizza. We left the place. Coming out, I said Rashi to bring the car here from parking. I kept standing at Joe’s while she stepped few meters towards parking.

“Hey,” I shouted from the same place. She turned back. “You really are the most beautiful girl in this world.”

“You too,” she said coming closer to me. “So now you get what ‘you too’ means.”

“Let’s check it,” I said. “If I say you made my day!”

“Then I would say you too!”

“If I say you make my heart beat faster.”

“You too,” she said smiling.

“If I say you make me feel happy.”

“You too,” she was smiling.

“If I say you make me love you,” I finally said for which I created this ‘you too’ scene

“You too,” it unknowingly came out of her. Her expressions confirmed that knowingly she would have said the same. She just ran towards parking, blushing.

“Rashi,” I asid as she stopped running. I started walking towards her.

“I love you Rashi,” I bent down on my knee “I will be the luckiest person if you say yes!”

“I love you too.” she said holding my hand. I hugged her.

__END__

