Sad Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“The person who teaches you the meaning of word LOVE will surely be the one who teaches you the meaning of the word PAIN.”

There is a small sad story which has many feelings attached with it.

A 15 yr boy, always used to stare a girl. One day we all got to know that he was in love with her deeply . He was a shy guy whenever or where ever he is used to see her he would have a shine in his eyes .This was visible to everyone AND may be the girl was also aware of it . Next day , he and his friends were playing a game of truth and dare as he got the dare it was to tell the girl all about his feelings. He got nervous and lacked confidence but his feelings were trying to say him that if not today then you can’t express your love tomorrow.

He moved slowly towards her .We could read his mind. He held her hand and said I was in love the first day when I saw you ,your smile ,your attitude,your personality .I always wanted to tell you from the day I saw you but …

the girl interrupted ,”but what..who are you to hold my hand ..you are no one in this crowd..this is the first time I am seeing you..I never bothered  to see you” and she went.

The boy cried and made her stop ..but she didn’t …she went leaving him in the pain..but the boy never stopped LOVING her.

The girl didn’t met him after that. The boy always used to wait for her. But a month later he gets to know that she was suffering from blood cancer.The boy could not stop himself and ran to meet her.

She was lying on the bed. No one was allowed inside the room. He was looking at her through the glass window.The next moment ,doctor was out to inform that the girl wants to meet him. he went in, sniffed his tears. She politely held his hand and said I love more than you do..I too have noticed you seeing me,u might be no one to anyone but you are my whole world. The boy was confused and couldn’t understand what was going on. She tells him about her disease because of which she always feared to loose him. She thought at the moment if he gets to know about it he will leave her and this pain she won’t be able to bare..

After a month she dies ..The boy went every day to meet her he was with her till the last breath and still LOVES her ..

 The girl Passed Away leaving him alone but her memories are still alive with him ..She gave him the pain of living the life.. and this pain is still in his heart but their love is more stronger which has given a hope to live his life ..and now he is one of the TOPEST INDUSTRIAL TYCOON ..

__END__

