I never saw that coming. Well,she was more in this relationship than me. I saw everything in her eyes. It was just like other days, fighting over issues, suddenly…she gave up. I thought it was a joke,and reacted normally,started trash-talking but she actually stopped talking!

 “Are you serious!?”

 “Yes”,she replied,”do you have any problem?…

 ..No no of course you have,you will always find everything wrong,point out mistakes…”,sighed,”well,now i am used to it, that’s not a big deal…but,the problem is if there is no good that I can do for you,then it would be better to leave you than to annoy you for the rest of your life…”.

 I was not ready for that sudden change of her mood,

 “Hey,I was not serious when I was talking about those mistakes,i was just trying to help you.. that’s all, nothing more…”

 “You will never know how much pain I suffered whenever wherever you said that there is a mistake…, that’s not good enough…blah blah”

 I was trying to make things normal,”well you can tell the same to me,if I do something average,or below the decent level..I will take it as an appreciation..”

 “No..I don’t like to hurt anyone.. it’s your business…”she just started crying…

 And damn..I was not those men who don’t give importance to those tears…I said,”I am sorry for everything…”

 “Well, you don’t have to say sorry,just keep it in mind…and try to find the positivity in everything..”

 I said,” Suppose,I am doing a math and the answer is a negative value, then, how on Earth, would you find negativity in that?”

 She smiled,there was a bit sadness in that smile,but,still she was okay with it…

 I was happy that she smiled…

 No..

 We did not break up…she tolerated my bad things..helped me to enlighten me up with her inner beauty and love..

 But,my heart left me, when I heard she was hit by a car the next day, I saw the same smile on her face, lying on a pool of blood…

 My desperate gestures made me realize how fool I was when I stopped smiling when something went wrong..

 how bad I was..when I tried to point out her mistakes…

 Now,on her deathbed…she was still smiling with her positiveness…

 I was numb..

 I understood my life with God’s unique way of teaching…

–END–

