Sad Love Short Story – The Precious I Lost

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was snow falling outside and Rohan could feel the coldest night while warming up his body in the flame of woods as his past memories were somewhere connected to winter. While sitting near to flame he went back to his old memories (Disheartening) which always pinch his heart saying that he had lost something which he can’t achieve or get in rest of his life..

It all happened 7 years earlier……………..

Rohan got admission in Science for his degree. His father was a well-known and rich enough person. Rohan was their only son, he was self-motivated guy and enjoyed playing Basket-Ball. Infact he was the champion from his college in Basket-Ball. Everyone respects Rohan not because of his basket ball game, but because of his father’s wealth. However everyone loves Rohan not because of his father’s wealth, but because of his kind heart.

It was Riya’s fisrt day in her new college. Once she entered college campus all the boys started gazing at her.She was as beautiful as angel with a cute smile and the boys were not able to have control on their eyes to stop gazing at her.

 On the very first day she heard a lots about Rohan and she got little excited to see Rohan. There was some similarity between Rohan & Riya. Rohan ever like to attend classes or lectures however Riya never like to miss the lectures.But both of them were very good in their studies.

Riya enter the college suddenly one of her friend came to her and told her that today there is BB match going on between 2 team,wherein Rohan has participated for one of the team. Riya went with her friend not see the match she went just to see Rohan. She saw Rohan with short hair , fair skin , muscular body and with a dimple on his face.He was such a cute and handsome boy in entire college. Rohan’s team won the match and Riya went to congrats Rohan for his victory.

On the very first meeting Riya started to follow Rohan to know more about Rohan and the reason why people love him so much. After following for few days she got to know about his family background , behaivour and how kind hearted is Rohan. And this all make Riya to fall in love. Rohan was General Secretary of his college and Riya doesn’t have that much guts to express her love in front of him.

It was Riya’s Birthday wherein her Dad has arranged a small party. She had invited her most of college friends and ofcourse Rohan. Suddenly her Euphoria turned into Affliction when she saw that Rohan had not come. She was intoxicated towards Rohan in such a way that she lose control of her faculties and was in hurry for cake cutting. Once she done with cake cutting she took her phone and decided that by today she will express her love her feelings to Rohan.

 She text “Today I have step to new year of my life and my wishes is to be yours for rest of my life I LOVE YOU…..”

Next day in college Rohan called Riya to stuff room and explained that he is not interested in love and romance. He wants to achieve goal in his Basket Ball and its the time for him to concentrate in his goals.

Riya : You are a man. Not today but one day definitely you will also fall in love or else you will marry someone, than why not me?

 Rohan : Let that time to come but this not the time.

 Riya : Fine! I will not come in between your goal.But I will wait for you till my death.

After this small discussion Riya came out from that room and went back to her class.

Day after day 3 years passed, Riya still love Rohan. In those days Riya & Rohan had faced each other many times but they doesn’t had any conversation. Somewhere Rohan also like Riya but he doesn’t allow her thoughts to come into his mind.

It was farewell day each and everyone wished each other , hugged each other. Some were upset and some were crying to get separate from their friends and for last 3 years bonding they had. On that moment Riya and Rohan met each other and wished each other for their future. Rohan said to Riya if we are made for each other and it is on destiny,definitely one day we will get together in future.

After the farewell party ends up Rohan dropped Riya to his home and move on towards his Home.

Early morning Riya and her family were heading towards Nainital for their vacation. On the car Riya was feeling that Rohan is sitting on her beside and she could see his vision but it was her hallucination. Riya was intoxicated in love with Rohan because of which wherever she look she could see the vision of Rohan.

After an hour Rohan called up Riya to apologies and to say that he realizes that he can’t live without her.

But he was shocked when he heard some male voice in response.He asked the person where is Riya and why is her phone with you.

The person said that a family heading towards Nainital in a car met with an accident, 2 has died on spot and 1 is in very critical conditioned we have took her in a hospital.

Rohan had never thought such cataclysm would come in his life for awhile he was not in his sense.He was not able bear it and he move towards hospital where Riya was admitted.Once he reached there he saw that Riya’s Mom & Dad has passed away. He saw Riya in a very critical condition fighting for her life with last breathe,automatically tears appeared from his eyes. He went to Riya and there was no words in his mouth completely.

Riya was on her last breathe but she was waiting for just one glance of Rohan. After that one glance Riya took her last breathe. She left Rohan all alone in his life.(The worst moment of his life & on that moment snow was falling for the entire day)

After her death Rohan decided that he will never get marry to any girl and on that same time he went to ICU and filled vermilion on Riya’s forehead. From that day Rohan has consider himself as widower of Riya….

 If you love or care for someone than express that on their presence because it doesn’t mean how loud you cry when the person is gone…

–END–

