Sad Love Short Story – The misunderstanding

Photo credit: 

 from 

Prima facie, it would appear to be a made up story. But to her, it was her life.

It was when she was in her College. She was pursuing her bachelors from Delhi University, the city of Ministries (New Delhi). With great dreams she had come to this city.

Amidst her college days, she had developed a great liking for a guy. A guy she had never met, and it was only through a social media they had connected. She would not shy in admitting that she was the initiator, she had sent him a request. He used to stay in a different city. For a girl who had completed her schooling from a girl’s school and to whom academics was her world thought that it would be a nothing more than a crush. Some days of liking which would vanish with time? But, it was destined some other way. Her liking was developed when she became friends with him. They used to talk but rarely. Inherently, her emotions were getting woven.

It was three years later when she could meet him. And she felt good. Some butterflies in her stomach. But she kept control. And most importantly she kept faith that he would belong to her one day. Parag would belong to her.

A year passed by. Nobody realized until she again came in touch with him, again. They met and the meeting continued. It was the weekends she used to wait for, for he would come to meet her.

He rushed to meet her and she waited for the clock to strike. With a painful journey of 6 hours, he used to come to meet her to see the happiness on her face which he couldn’t see being miles away.

It was 11 in the clock. She was on her bed, and suddenly he called her. It was the usual call of every night with an unusual surprise. He had come to her city. She jumped out of her bed, and couldn’t believe that she could see him the other morning.

One such event was his birthday. She planned to be with him. She had to risk her life for none of her family members knew that she was in love with him. She went to his city, Nashik. And she lived her life in that one day. A day she can never forget in her lifetime.

It was one day when he told her over the phone, that he likes her. Likes her like his girlfriend. And she was speechless. A day she had kept her faith in. A tear rolled by her eye and she couldn’t believe he said that. All through the night she could only think of him.

Days passed, the two being in love with each other. There were fights and there were misunderstanding, but then who doesn’t have that in a relation? There were expectations and there were failures. She expected the relation to go far . He too thought the same. He had dreamt of all of it to happen, how he would be convincing his family etc.

It was one day when she asked him that if her family forces to get her married in a period of 1.5 years, will he stand by her side. He said NO. She was taken aback. She thought that if this guy can’t stand today, how he will stand afterwards. And within no time she asked him to breakup. Without understanding that the guy had certain commitments and responsibilities towards his family which would take him a period of 3 years, she insanely directed him to break up.

And that’s where it ended?

Yes. That’s where it ended. The girl left with her feelings and the guy broken, with the fact that the girl couldn’t stand to her promise.

She tried to stitch the relation. But to the guy, his trust was lost. And that’s where it ended.

With a not so happy ending.

–END–

