Short Story of LOVE AMPLIFY

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hello..!  Who the hell are you?, What is this? “, she asked too many questions all in a row to me  with sound noisily.

Her eyes blazed with anger.

“This is not  fair , not at all fair.” she yelled as like I slams my house door  when I get short temper.

“

“, She asked with her deep booming voice reverberated the surroundings .

“I’m regularly observing your behavior, Daily you are coming and waiting here.  Actually  I don’t know why the boys getting sleep while open the books and I don’t know why the boys getting Love while seeing a girl.” she scoffed at me.

[Scolding continuous…….]

 

*********

I think you people enjoying while she was deriding me, one thing  you need to remember that she had sneered at the boy’s Proposals too.

It’s Okay. Are you ready to know my whole story?  Before knowing my story, you need to know myself. Then, let me introduce myself,

My name is 

. Short for 

. I’m an intense 24 years old young man. Mine is a small and middle family, consists of Five members. I’m the younger son of  

. He is working for LIC as a Zonal manager, an Adviser.  Like a coin has two sides while it is throwing into the air at grass Ground, the chances would be Bat or Bowl,  As my father job also contains two sides, people get profit or loss with policies which is depending upon Stock-market. And His wife name is 

. My sweet mother is Home-Maker. She has one daughter, her name is 

. She is very strict like my mother.

In an ideal world, we might have same quality persons, She got married with Teacher, one who is strict at the Students in the School. She has one Younger brother named as 

Now he is doing his Master’s in Technology. I’m very lucky to have a brother, Because we can share our “Out-fits”. But sometimes i used to feel sad as Younger one, Because I’ve to use the things, which were used by my elder brother , like to say Books, Bicycle and much more. Anyhow I’ve a  lovely brother with a friendly nature.

I’ve been working as a Web-developer since one year. I enjoy the team work. I can work alone or in a team at same comfort. But in the team sharing of success gives lot of enjoyment, of course everyone  should responsible  at failure.

My profession is having Tea twice a day, primary habit and Browsing the net is Secondary habit. I’m very fond of eating, So i used to go to Gym. My wish is not to  get Six-Pack, to stop getting Family-Pack.

I’ve a childhood friend , his name is 

, One who is crazy about girls. We’re Best Friends since the day we wear diapers. Actually He is a night owl, always active at nights to chat with his Cannibals. He tasted all flavors of love. In one word we can describe as 

.

One day while I was waiting for my friend 

, at my nearest Bus stop. He messaged me that He is stuck in Traffic. So I was waiting for him. I never thought that , this small span of time would change my life.

For my Surprise when I look around for my friend,  I’ve found one beautiful, gorgeous girl who was playing with a chubby cheeks Baby, one who hold lollipop with her little hand. She was charming in jeans wearing  pink colored T-Shirt with wavy hair and Attractive eyes  smiling at one year old baby. Even one of my sense not worked for a while because I never felt that kind of feeling even in my dream.

I came into normalcy on watching her signs while something  speaking to me. I never thought that she is speaking to me. She started talking to me. I surprised to saw her body language rather the language what she spoke.  But I understand that she was asking something . I didn’t know what to do. So i had my mobile Hand-Set kept in ears and I turned. She wiped her brow by seeing my nature. I did know my things made her uncomfortable.

But “what should I do?”. I didn’t have another choice. In the mean while, my friend came with his bike. I really didn’t want  to leave her but I got to go.  I looked back, really Her looks were heart throbbing. And I moved to the Office.

At that night I went to bed and tried to sleep , But every effort of mine went in vein. I didn’t used Alarm Sound even for my Academics.  But I started to use the Alarm from that Day.

“She’s entered my blood-stream, just like a drug.” I was just a drug addict. She has with divine powers. When I’m seeing her, I feel like how peacock enjoys the Rain.  My Part time Job was to follow my dream girl. I was always followed her. I was forgetting the whole world while I was watching her. I know women can smell a looks of men  from a mile away.

I thought that my profession is only for Handsome Salaries, But I didn’t expect that I can apply My Primary job to my Life also. As I write “

”  in my software coding , I repeated the same thing in my life also, That is to “

“. Finally It was added in the List of “

”

********

Days passed and we were still Strangers. One Fine Day, At 8’PM My Friend  

Pinged me in Google Hangouts.

“Please Pause your  ‘

, if you don’t pause then it won’t be End”, He texted in my Chat Room.

” I am Sorry..!  I really didn’t understanding your High-Level Programming Language” , I replied with confusing Head.

“I mean to say is like, You need to move one step forward in your Love Process”, He replied with Angry Chat Emoticon.

” your sounds made me to startling”, I replied with Scared Chat Emoticon.

“Uhh.. Don’t worry. I am still Alive”, He replied within few Seconds.

“Okay. I trust you from my Childhood”, I replied with calling my childhood days.

Still I remember. In My Childhood , He’d put stuff up on the projector, and he only knows that , how to teach me. I’m very scared about Exams even though  I did write well with ‘Ball pen’ , one which is given by him. And He showed  me so many Fantasy Stories on his gifted “Ball Pen”, like even if I don’t  know  the answer , his “Ball-Pen” writes on the Paper. Those Childhood moments  very Hilarious in The Nature.

“Be cool, Tomorrow is your day.  hmm.. I’m getting sleepy…”, He replied with Half-moon Emoticon.

“Yeah..! Hope so. Anyway Thanks. And Good Night. TC”, I replied.

“Good night. Have a nice talk”, He replied for my last text.

Finally my friend pushed me out  from the all questions in my mind.  It was  a way to my dream coming true. My days were restless and my nights were sleepless. But these were going to be End of the Tomorrow.

The Next Day , I woke up early in the morning.  I had returned to the Room After completing my Triceps Workout in Gym. I got my Head bath. Then I went to lord 

Temple. I met my friend at our breakfast. He came with Three Red Roses. Actually He has  garden which is surrounding by his House. He planted so many kinds of flower’s plants.

He was explained the Story behind the Three flowers having  the tags. First Rose was labeled as “I” , Second Rose was labeled as “LOVE” and Third Rose was Labeled as “YOU” . And These flowers grouped as  Bouquet called “I LOVE YOU”.  If she takes all three flowers means that She is interested in you. Else she is not interested  in you.

*****

I just reached my First sighted Place with holding Bouquet using Right Hand.  I think today I came early. I love so much her. I am forgetting the whole world while I’m watching her. Because I love her. But I can’t say my feelings to her. I don’t have that much of capable to say, Of course I can’t tell even if I’ve. But please don’t try to ask me ‘Why?’, yes I am truly speaking , I can’t say to her.

Yeah..! She is coming . She is the only one person, one  who brings me to here. Today I ‘m very excited  to propose her. I decided that she is perfect match for me , because dress color matched for Both.  I can’t see her eyes continuously, because they look like water in the sunshine. Her eyes so Dazzling.  I never saw such an Angelic beauty even in my Past.

My Heart Beat Started increasing as the speed of the ‘

‘ in the Olympics. My Mind became Blank and Throat went dry. I started Sweating even in the cool morning, Because of my tension. I’m not able to stop my feelings, so with a lot of hope and confidence , I take a Chance to propose her. I moved so close to her.

I suddenly proposed to her at same place of my “First Sight” , knees down, offered three Red Roses, without asking anything. At that moment, it was like my heart stopped beating. I couldn’t believe  for some time that it is all true.

“Hello..!  Who are you? ,What is this? “, she asked too many questions all in a row to me  with sound noisily.

“This is not fair , not at all fair.” she yelled as like I slams my house door when I get short temper.

“

“, She asked with her deep booming voice reverberated the surroundings .

“I’m regularly observing your behavior, Daily you are coming and waiting here.  Actually  I don’t know why the boys getting sleep while open the books and I don’t know why the boys getting Love while seeing a girl.” she scoffed at me.

After some time she disappeared. Then she moved away from that place. All my dreams just collapsed.

I walked into my room and plopped on my bed.

My friend is also with me. And He moved to his house.

“You wrote the First Exam, But it didn’t give the good results.” , He sent from the Default Massager to me.

“hmm… Yes”, I replied.

“Never give up, Let’s take another chance. I will meet you on tomorrow “, He replied.

“Yah, Sure”, I replied.

“Good night”, He replied.

“It’s only night, Not Good”, I replied.

“Oh no, common. Don’t feel bad”, He replied.

“Yah, It’s okay. Good night”, I replied.

“Fine. Take care”, He replied.

*****

 

This is 

, yes I am friend of 

Now I shall tell you the rest of his story. Because he can’t tell you.

The Next day morning He wake up in early in the morning. The Alarm ranged.  I went to his house.  Now I am also added to him. We followed  her for few days. After few days we found that  “She Is Interested in Music” and “She is going to the Music Classes”. We used to following her  while she is going to music classes daily.

 

[After few Days]

One Fine Day, we ready to execute one plan , on the road where she walks to music classes. He plays the guitar while following her. Once she loves his music at the moment. She get impress on his playing. Then she turn back to him, and Suddenly she slaps him.

“Look Mr., Yes I really Love the Music, But don’t try to impress me by playing cheap tricks. I’m not a such a kind of person.” she said with a disgusted look on her face.

[He going to depression]

“Hello…! Please listen to me”, I said to her. ” He loves you so much, and He doesn’t want to lose you because his life has been better since the day He found you. He loves you so much, but he can’t say in words even”, I said to her.

“Mr. Can you please stop your ‘Geetha’. What is this? Why you  both people playing with me. Please go away from me. This is last and Final Warning. I don’t tell you again.”, She said.

“No matter how many times you say, He can’t understand. Because He is 

 and 

 from Born”, I looked at her with sadness. “He will feel  guilty and hurt when somebody looking him as Deaf and Dumb person. So that was the reason why he didn’t respond to you at your First Sight”.

“Is it? I can’t believe it.  Can’t he listen anything. Then How he learn the music and He is Playing the Guitar very well. ‘O my God …’ How do he feel the Music while he is Playing.”, With a shock tone she glanced to me.

After I said, a tear drop from her eyes and She started crying.

“He comes to know that you are interested in Music and He is interested in you. So He thought that if he understand your Interest , then automatically you can understand his Interest on you. Of course he know that it is impossible for deaf man to learn Music. But He never thought that nothing is impossible than you, so he continuously lean the music daily , 18 hours per day. Then He can Visualize the music from his heart. I can’t understand the strength of Love until His Love. Now I know the Power of Love . Yes …! That is Magic of Love.”, I said.

 

Then she walked into her room and plopped on her bed.

The Next day, She reached their First sighted Place with holding the Flower which was labeled as “You” , using her little smooth hand. At that time He is Playing a Sad Music, She Comes to him and She tells Sorry to him by giving the Red Rose which was labeled as “You”. I think she also loves Flowers especially Roses because she kept in water. Still It is Wet. Now He has the Three Red Roses which are labeled as “I Love You”.  My Dreams comes  to true . He couldn’t believe  for some time that it is all true.

She just smiled and cried. She didn’t notice that she’s crying until he hugged her and wiped her tears.

THIS IS ALL ABOUT  “

.

 

*****

“Love is not just like to Drink a cool-drink with placing two straws, or not just like Travelling two persons in the boat at the Park. It’s all about two Hearts Live together until the End of Life. Love is Precious. So just Do Feel it ; Don’t Pollute it.”

__END__

