Love Short Story – Lost Love

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Lisa was at her Aunt Sallie’s garden.  While waiting for the latter to come out on that door, she took a sip on the lemonade that was served when she arrived.  It’s about more than 10 minutes now and still there’s no one coming out. “Well, just as she is, nothing’s changed.” She sighed and smiled as she remembered when they were together in a vacation some years ago.  Aunt Sallie was always the last one to come out of the room, she’s busy with some little things and making her getting busy with her own stuffs.

Aunt Sallie is very particular with details.  No wonder she’s a good artist.  She loves art so much, such as writing, painting and sculpture.  She loves music, too.  As Lisa looks around the garden, she saw the expressive beauty of her aunt’s works.  “So impressive!”, as she glanced at the different lovely flowers, the palm trees and the small plants around.  There was also a pool and some benches installed on the other side.  It looked like a small park.  She couldn’t believe it’s her aunt who did it all by herself.

As Lisa enjoyed the surroundings, a question tickled her thoughts, “How could she haven’t got married? I mean like, she’s one of the most talented and anybody could fall in love to this lady with such amazing ability.  She’s lovely and not even strict?”.  But of course, only her aunt knows.

Sitting on that patio table shaded with a huge umbrella, she saw Aunt Sallie approaching.  She stood and took the wedding invitation from the table.  She almost forgot her purpose on coming.  Her wedding is two weeks away from now and she came to see her aunt for the invitation.  As she handed her the envelope, Auntie gave her a small wooden box with a small padlock on it.  Her face filled with excitement, “Is this a treasure chest, or something?”, and made a little loud laugh.  She laughed at her joke, too, and gave her a grin as she pressed her hand saying, “It’s more than a treasure box to me.  It’s a box of lesson.”  She smiled again and hugged her tight.

When Lisa got home, she went straight to her room and locked herself inside.  There was a feeling of curiosity in her that made her want to open that box.  She took the key that was placed in a small compartment above the cover of the box and inserted it on the lock.  As long as it was opened, she saw piles of folded torn little pages, maybe from a notebook.  It looks like some kind of writing from someone’s diary.

Lisa picked up one piece and read “MY LOST LOVE”.  It looks like a title.  It could be a story title, she thinks.  Then on the lower right corner of the paper she saw a date written, “28th of April, 1990”.  This could probably be the date it was written.  “Great! Auntie really loves writing ever since”, she said with amazement on her face.

Then she started reading each page one by one.  Her face looks as if she’s an agent investigating on something mysterious.

Lisa closed the box with a teary eye.  Aunt Sallie’s love story totally struck her.  Now she knows why auntie didn’t get married with another guy.  And maybe she made her experience as an inspiration to her art works.  It’s truly a lesson of love and trust to the one you love.  That’s what she has to remember when she started living with her partner and that’s in two weeks, she better prepare herself.

__END__

