Short Love Story – MINUTES AT A MEDICAL STORE

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

We go to chemist to buy medicines and other things. How long it takes for the transaction, usually a couple of minutes. You ask for something, the shopkeeper gets it, you pay the amount and you collect the object and leave. We don’t expect anything more to happen at that place, but sometimes it does and we don’t notice it.

Just like usual one day I went to the chemist. It was moderately crowded so I waited for my chance; I got the tablets, paid for it and then left. Nothing out of ordinary, so that’s done and I continued with my day. Later that night moments before going to sleep, I thought of all I did earlier that day. That’s when I realized that something out of ordinary had happened.

At the chemist shop I entered to see that it was moderately crowded. I am a kind of person who does the job without distractions, I don’t look around when my mind is set on something. I concentrated on my transaction and left. But there was one more transaction I remember. Inside the shop where I was standing, adjacent to me at a distant a girl was standing. With a look she seemed attractive girl of about my age. I was attracted to her with one look, but that does not mean I would have gone talk to her. That’s not what I am capable of doing. I just took a quick look and then turned my head to look forward pretending to look at the items in the shelf.

From the end of my eye I saw her looking at me too. What if she was attracted to me to? What would she do? She didn’t appear of kind who approaches and talks to a stranger just because she felt some attraction. Is it possible that she has left some random signs for me to pick up? That’s when the scene became clearer for me. I entered the store and waited until my turn would come while she had already given the list of medicines she wanted, and yet she was there in the store until others were gone.

That was not sufficient info. She spoke very little but whatever she said was very clear. That’s what people do to create good impression on people around, mainly strangers. Further an old lady came and stood beside her and she was asking for medicine. Her voice was not enough to grab shopkeeper’s attention in the entire crowd. So the girl requested to give her medicines first. Was that for me to learn that she was polite and kind hearted? Then she takes out her cell phone and calls her friend, she identifies herself by name and tells her phone number out loud saying that her cell no. had changed.

Did she do that intentionally? While giving the medicines the shopkeeper tells her that one of the tablets in list is not available in the store. She pays for the rest and leaves. Till then I am still in the queue for medicine. When it’s my turn to collect medicine, the girl returns asking when the missing medicines will arrive. Based on his reply the girl says that she will be back ‘Day after tomorrow around same time’. Now there is a lot going in my mind.

Why did she call her friend and gave her the number out loud, her friend doesn’t have caller id? Why would she wait until the crowd is cleared from the store as long as I am there? Finally why would she wait, can’t she get medicine in some other medical store? And what was the look she gave me? Is all this just accidental or on purpose. Now, I know her Name, Cell Number and where she is going to be 2 days from now. The big question is ‘What should I Do?’

__END__

