Short Story on Infidelity –  3 Bullets

Short Story Husband-Wife – 3 Bullets

Photo credit: 

 from 

The extent of love and lust is never known. The idea of losing someone you really love is enough to drive the hell out of you. If you can give your life for the sake of your love, you can even take somebody’s life for your love’s sake. I wish I could define all the types of love and their boundaries.

So once it was 2:00 am in the chilling winter morning when we were having a group discussion (actually it was a group of just three friends me, Abhi and Nishit) on most killing topic “What would you do when you know the person whom you love most is cheating on you and you finally find him/her sleeping with some other person?”.

“Come on man, its 2:00 am in the morning. Why not talk about some hot topics like ‘Girls of the city center’ or ‘How will you grade girls of our college on 10 point scale?’  Please don’t spoil our precious night by bringing on this boring topic.” Nishit said.

“You, moron. The only thing you have known in your life is to fantasy about women. Ain’t this love thing defined in your dictionary? Have you ever had the idea of perfect women in your life? Imagine a person whom you have loved most in this world and despite your eternal love for her, only betrayal is reciprocated. What would you do then?” I said.

“This is the reason I don’t want to take a useless risk falling in love with someone. Frankly speaking whenever I see a beautiful girl, I feel something but I know it for sure this isn’t love. I also feel like doing something but never like loving her. Instead I like to fantasy womanizing.”

“Literally I don’t think this is ever happening to me because I will love a person when I know her the best and when I will love her most, why will she ever go to someone else for less love? So no, this is not applicable to me too.” Abhi said.

“Come on guys I am not saying we already have got cheated. God forbid this ever happens to any of us except Nishit. I would be so glad when children of Nishit would look like some third person (perhaps some neighbor). Just kidding but the point is, imagine if you are in such situation, what will you do?” I said.

“I don’t know. I will be highly disappointed, frustrated, hopeless and furious too. My whole world would come to end. I would fire the whole world in my rage.” Abhi said.

“I totally agree” Nishit said without even giving a thought to it.

“Shut up you bozo. As if you know anything he is talking about. And Abhi, firing the world won’t let aside this fact that your another half who used to love you a lot once is with someone else” I said.

“So true”, said Nishit with a huge yawn.

“I can’t even bear the thought of it. Okay, you say what you will do when you find so?” said Abhi.

“My heart will be set on fire even when someone stares her. I will just kill that bas*ard.” I said.

“But that again won’t change the fact. It’s your girl who cheated on you and not that guy.  So this is not still the total solution.” Abhi said.

“Kill that bi*ch. This is the perfect solution. I say you these girls are the cause of all problems. You love them with all your might and what you get in return is a betrayal. So better remove the root cause by killing that bi*ch.” Nishit said trying to prove that he was listening the entire time. I wondered if any of his words was relevant to our discussion.

“Shut up you, bloody idiot. So why don’t you open your half shut eyes and give us some valid points.” I said.

“You only said I have to take part in this discussion. Love is the worst vampire I have ever known. It will suck out all your blood and leave you bleeding on the floor. Come on Abhi, back me up.”

“Ha ha ha ha.. You know what, the word love sounds quite ugly from your mouth. Love is like a Tsunami dear, you never know when it is coming and even if you are fortunate enough to know it, you can do nothing to stop it. I swear, one day you will learn to respect women and love both. And regarding this topic, if this ever happens to me I won’t have strength to bear all these. I will kill myself and finish all the pain. End of the discussion. Let us go to sleep, it’s already 4:00 am in the morning.” Abhi said.

This was our first discussion out of which no conclusion came. It was already too late, so we left for our homes. I wasn’t feeling good about it. There must have been some way out. I was moving to my home thinking really hard on this topic.

I reached my home quite tensed. I was much tired but the topic we were discussing about wouldn’t let me sleep. Hardly had I closed my eyes when my wife came.

“What happened honey, anything wrong? Why is cute smile missing from your lips? I was missing you so much.” God, she was beautifully beautiful. Thanks God, I was never going to be a part of topic we were discussing

“Nothing sweetheart, we just had a hard discussion in our talk of the town. Never mind. I am the luckiest man alive to have you. You make my days and nights beautiful.” A tight hug and a soft kiss put me in six hours hibernation.

Next day I woke up and went to work but that topic was still not out of my mind. I was feeling different. I felt as if the most important puzzle of my life remained unsolved. There sure needed to be an absolute solution to that. I knew I was being a total pessimist but I couldn’t help myself out.

The bright side of my heart said, “Come on, dude. You have got a beautiful wife who loves you a lot. The whole world may end but you will never get cheated in your love.”

While the dark side strongly opposed,” Nothing is eternal in this world. What if her love fades away one day? What if she is already seeing someone else and you don’t know about it?”

I was too deep in dilemma. The bright side and dark side of my heart were fighting badly. Even though I shouldn’t but I started giving some thought to it. And then began the destruction of my life. All the bad things started happening one by one and I couldn’t avoid any of them.

My night shifts were on at work. Though I never called her from work at night because she wouldn’t be able to sleep, I decided to call that day. But there were no end to surprises then. I kept on calling her for an hour but she never responded. Her earlier voice, “Your late night hanging out with friends even once a week makes me impatient. I was waiting for you” kept ringing in my head. I didn’t dare to find it out soon but she didn’t respond to my calls at night for next two weeks.

My night shifts were over and I was at work one afternoon when I got a severe headache. I took a day off and returned home but to my surprise the doors were locked from outside. I opened them with my own set of keys. I lay down on bed for an hour taking rest but she wasn’t still back. I kept calling her for next one hour but her phone was out of coverage. My headache was still not over, so I thought applying balm might help a little. While searching for it in drawers, I came across my 9mm pistol. I looked at my gun and I had a strange feeling that very soon this would be brought to use. However, I kept it back into drawer then.

I called her again but her number was busy. I freshened up and settled down to read my favorite novel. Few minutes later I heard a familiar voice talking at a distance. It was my wife talking to someone on the phone. She was so busy talking that she didn’t even noticed the main door not locked.

“Okay honey, I am home. Will see you tomorrow, till then don’t forget me. Bye.” She was talking on the phone. She entered the room and was bewildered seeing me home already.

“Oh, dear. How come you are home this soon? I was missing you a lot. I was feeling kind of homesick, so I decided to move out. You should have called me, I would have come earlier.”

“I kept calling you for an hour. Your phone was out of coverage area. And whom were you talking on phone now?” I asked seriously and stood up.

“I was talking to my cousin, Ankita. Anyway, when did you come and how was your day?” She said casually looking into my eyes and hugged me.

“I just came five minutes ago and my day was fine. I am kind of super busy doing my work.” I lied too.

After few days I had to go out of city for business. It was to take a week’s time. I reached airport early but to my disappointment the flight was delayed for two hours. All our happier moments were revolving around my head. I finally decided I was not going anywhere

 I decided to go back home and talk to her directly. I wanted to solve everything; I wanted to make her mine again. I rushed home even without giving a single thought.

I reached home within an hour. The main door was unusually not locked from inside. I opened the door and got in. The second unusual thing was I heard a chattering noise coming out of my bedroom. I went towards my bedroom. The door was slightly open. I peeped to see what was going on inside. I had a nervous breakdown after what I saw. A mixed feeling of anger, despair, frustration and pain was flowing through my blood. I felt strangled. I saw my wife in arms of other man. My whole world had come to an end. I remained lifeless for next few minutes without feeling a thing. And then when I got my senses back, I thought this is not the way it was supposed to end. I rushed to my study room and took my 9mm pistol out of drawer. I hid it behind my back and kicked the door of my bedroom open.

Both of them were dazzled and became red faced. She couldn’t speak a word but he came forward and said,”we don’t want a fight here. Do we?”

“Of course not, bas*ard.” I said taking out my pistol and shot him straight in the head. She became a wounded lioness or literally a bi*ch after seeing this. She started shouting loudly. The whole floor was covered with his blood. I didn’t pay attention to anything she was shouting until she said, “Don’t you see, bastard. I loved him.”

“I loved you more than anything, you street bi*ch.” I cried pointing my gun at her then. My hands were shaking terribly. I continued, “And you loved me too before. What happened to your love now? Sold it in a market to some hungry wolf? I still love you a lot but you don’t deserve to live on this earth. Sl*ts only deserve the hell and I will send you there right now.”

My hands stopped shaking and she got what she deserved with the shot of second bullet. I didn’t regret a little while shooting her but the moment she was dead, I realized what I had done. I had finished my world with my own hand. “How did I even dare to harm her? I loved her truly. What will I do by living this life?” I thought and pointed the gun at myself now.

My hands were not shaking then and I didn’t hesitate to pull the trigger when I felt a terrible pain in my back. Before I could understand my head and back connection, I realized I had slept for 20 hours straight and that was all a dream. Abhi and Nishit were kicking to get me up.

Thanks God, I was still the luckiest man alive. I heard Abhi and Nishit shouting,

“Don’t you have anything else to do in this world other than sleeping? Get up and let’s go for a ride.”

“Wait. I found the perfect solution to our last night discussion.”

“And what can the perfect solution be?” asked Abhi.

“3 Bullets” I said and told them about my dream……

__END__

