Short Love Story – LOVE RUINS LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

There was a girl, a type of an introvert for whom life was only her family. She was satisfied with her life but not completely as she had many dreams. She lived in a joint family where she sometimes has to face many problems. As she was growing up it wasn’t quiet easy for her to listen comments from some members of the family who used to tease her only because she was the second daughter of her parents. So she decided to take the responsibilities like a son and always acted to be bold and brave though she had a younger brother and an elder sister.

She did her school life and enjoyed it a lot till tenth standard. As she entered eleventh standard, a new phase of her life began. A girl who never went to any other place than school now goes for physics coaching to the nearby street. She choose to study maths and chemistry on her own. She cleared eleventh standard with average marks. She entered twelth standard now. She was now forced to study tutions for all the three subjects physics, chemistry and maths where maths tution was a home tution. Her father used to drop her to the coaching centre and then came to pick her. She did the coaching seriously and even enjoyed a lot with her friend Sakshi, Tanurima and Aiman.

She wasn’t interested in any of the guys as she considered it to be a waste and wanted to fulfill her dreams. A dream to give her mom dad a home wher they can live peacefully. But life never goes on the way we want, and then came a twist in her life.

A guy named Faisal Rehman Khan entered her life. It was the last day of the physics coaching when the girl was going to leave the coaching centre that guy who was waiting for his friend asked the girl for her number to which she replied “WHY?”

The guy answered “JUST FOR A CONTACT AS WE HAVE STUDIED TOGETHER IN THE SAME COACHING.”

To this the girl said “I DON’T MEMORIZE MY NO. KINDLY U GIVE YOUR NO. I WILL TEXT YOU MY NO. WHEN I’LL REACH HOME.”

And the guy gave his no. and the girl too sent her no. They both began chatting but never talked on phone. It was after the entrance exams when the guy proposed her and the girl and as usual like all the girls she too said she needs time.It was 21st june when the girl told him I LOVE YOU. They both were quite happy for two months but after two months girl left the city to persue her further studies to Ghaziabad.

STAY TUNED FOR THE NEXT PART…………..

