I was a simple man with lots of desires in my life…..

Never

I went on to follow her activities on every kind of social networking sites. She started to notice me and at first she started to like my posts in which she was tagged. Then she started to reply to the messages that I used to send her. I used to get so happy after watching her replies on my messages. One day I asked her for her phone number and to which surprisingly she didn’t hesitate at all and gave me her number. We talked a lot and she said how much she enjoyed watching my posts,I being nervous didn’t knew to what to ask her. I forgot every question that I had prepared to ask her but she was very nice to me. After talking to her I knew that I was definitely in love with her. So one day I decided to go and meet her.

That was the biggest mistake of my life..

I talked to her over phone and we decided to meet in a restaurant. I for the first time saw her live infront of my eyes.I told her that I am in love with you. I knew that she would be surprised after hearing this but her reaction was somewhat different.

She couldn’t understand the type of love I was referring to her. She kept thinking that I love her as a fan. I somehow made her understand that I was really in love with her.

She told me that she needs time to think about it. After hearing that I knew that she had a soft corner in her heart for me too.

We started dating and I tried my best to impress her.We both were madly in love with one other.

Everything was just perfect before she told me that she was abused during her childhood. I was shocked and didn’t knew what to say to her. I tried to console her as she started to cry.

I don’t what happened to her as she told me to go away from her life. She thought that she could not give me any happiness. She told me she is like a lifeless person and can’t bear anyone touching her.

I told her that our relationship is not limited to anything. I told her that I don’t want anything from her besides her support but she kept thinking that she was not treating me rightly. I tried my best to make her understand that we both are made for one another but she didn’t listen to me once.

I never went away from her life and thankfully she understood my pain too and the things become normal after some time.

I decided to take revenge against the person who had made her life like a hell. After completing my enquiry about that incident, I got to know who that person was.

That person was none other than her uncle. I didn’t knew what to do next. I decided to go away from her life as I didn’t knew what was happening with my life. It had become a mystery. My life became extremely dull and all that I was able to see was negativity. I told her that I want to go away from her life. I would have stopped if she would had told me to stop me but she didn’t.

After some time I was frustrated that why did I told her that I want to go away from her life. She was my life and without any good reason I went. I just thought of my troubles and forgot the trouble that she was going through all these years.

She didn’t stop me from going. Did she forget that how she told me to go away from her life?.Did she forget that she once told me that she was lifeless?. Did she forget that she told me that she has nothing to offer to me?.Did she forget that I always was there for her. Did she forget all this. Even after all this did I go away from her life?.Then why did she allow me to go.

It was my ego that didn’t allow me to go back to her. Little did I knew that after allowing me to go away from her life she would do this.

She committed suicide after sometime and before doing that she called me and said that she would never ever forget the moments that she shared with me. She told me that moments were the best moments of her life. I was just about to tell her that I am sorry for letting her down but she finished the phonecall.

Now I only can remember all those moments which I had shared with her and cry. I acted like a coward and thus have to cope with this guilt all my life.

–END–

