Have we ever understand the nature of love? Love is the hub of drama, where we find abundance of spices. In the beginning, you stretch your wings airborne higher in the sky. You swing your fins to swim deeper in the ocean but gradually you back to your normal world. As the wheels of time runs, your heart becomes worthless numb-skeleton and no one is there to console you. Only sarcasm is swaying in your ears and eyes fill with tears. Some relations have tumultuous beginning but they last with ecstatic care and love.

At 26, Oasics, Surrey. A long brown beard, strapping physique, criminal sapphire big eyes and tall-troll man living there. He was Tyran (a roguish jerk for the world but actually he was an undercover agent whose name was Jason McConnell). A refugee Mohammad Ashif Khan lived with his wife Maryam Ghafari in the same block where Tyran’s flat. Both of them were informer of the terrorist and that was the Tyran’s mission: to find out their plan; and to arrest them at the proper moment. In the morning, the lift was full, Ashif and Tyran were also in it. Ashif got a call, he moved to the corner. Tyran also shifted. Ashif noticed but he ignored him. He smiled and started talking in Urdu language. Tyran was eavesdropping his conversation but he didn’t understand anything. On the next floor, he moved out from the lift and waited for it to come back from the ground floor. The lift came back. He entered and found Ashif and his wife were discussing something in Urdu. Tyran gave them a hideous smile. He asked them about their language. Ashif explained him in polite Arabic accent that they were talking in Urdu and that was their national language. They were from Abu Dhabi. The lift stopped, all of them were moved to their flats. Tyran’s investigation was failing everytime. Maryam and Ashif were astute indeed. They were acted so smartly. In some ways, they hypothesised that Tyran was an undercover officer and their suspicion was correct but not sure.

Two months later, Tyran was not found a single evidence against them and that was the first time he took more than a month and still the case was not solved. Therefore, he was called to the headquarters. The lift was as usual full. He entered and gave a hideous smile to Ashif and Maryam like he did always. The door of lift opened in the ground floor. Everyone rushed outside quickly except these three. They exchanged smile again and stride forward. A handwritten paper was fallen down from Ashif’s pocket. Tyran looked both sides to ensure anyone was noticing him or not. He picked up and put it into his pocket. He slightly displaced in the parking lot. The paper was written in the Urdu language but he was satisfied because he had something to show his seniors.

Now, his hope was regenerated, might be the paper was kind of a clue or a part of their plan. A black Bentley continental GT stopped in front of Tyran. He seated adjacent to the driver and the driver was none other than his chief. Tyran explained everything to him and gave the paper. They arrived the headquarters after long forty-five minutes drive. It was an under constructed building and all the agents were dressed like builders. The chief gave the paper to the Muslim community officer. He started reading; few lines were the prayer of Muslims, when he read the last ten lines. All the agents were startled and they quickly moved to the apartment where Tyran lived.

The lines were “We have talked to Hashim. He said that he fixed a latest chip inside you two and it’ll explode after three months. He had done the operation on 1st October. So, the bomb will explode on 1st December at 4:35 pm. That’s the last message from us to you. After that you will not receive any message from us. You were truthfully reliable and shrewd for us. We’ll always remember you as martyr. One thing more a male undercover officer is living in the same place where you stay and he is hired to expose our secrecy, so be careful and Allah Hafiz.”

Today was the day of explosion and only four hours thirty-two minutes left. They were confused because the reason behind the explosion wasn’t mentioned in the paper. All the agents were parked their cars immediately and rushed towards Ashif’s flat except chief and Tyran. They took their positions. The chief called the lieutenant commander and told him to wait there and be in touch for further actions. Ashif and Maryam were not in the apartment. The bomb squad got the information and they dispersed quickly all over the city. The chief and Tyran moved on the Victoria Street metro station with few bomb squad members.

A metro train just arrived at the station. The bomb squad searched the whole train but they were not found. Tyran and chief checked the station and they also failed to find them. Tyran tried to recall the places where they two usually went when he followed them during the investigation. He looked at the clock. The needles were moving very fast as compared to the other days. The time was 4:16 pm. Tyran recalled that he followed them to the mosque of Outland park. The chief summoned all to the mosque. It was full of innocent people; bend down their knees and praying. They rummaged Ashif and Maryam in the mob but they weren’t found. Tyran quickly moved to the upstairs.

Suddenly, he heard a Muslim prayer and that was Ashif’s voice. It was coming from the locked room. He smashed it with his muscular body and the door was breached. Ashif and Maryam were sitting together in a complete Muslim getup. They took out their gun and point it to Tyran. He fearlessly jumped and grabbed them in his big arms. They all broke the glass of the window in the motion and fallen down on the ground. Only one minute left before explosion, the squad promptly caught Tyran and took him to the car.

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, boom! The car also caught the fire. All were escaped quickly but Tyran broke his left leg. He was admitted in the hospital. The doctor said to chief that his ligaments were seriously damaged and there was no sign of complete recovery and that news was precisely traumatised Tyran. He was expelled from the secret bureau of investigation. After that the chief and his team continued further investigation without Tyran. They succeed to find the reason behind the blast and that was to kill those Muslim people who believed in Christian religion and the Muslims of Outland park did. Ashif and Maryam weren’t husband and wife. They were friends and seen their family murdered in front of them by the terrorist and its partner took them to their den. It wasn’t ended here, he succeeded to convince them that the murderer was British-Muslim of Outland park. However, this terror was taken place.

Tyran migrated to East London. There was a house of his aunt. He decided to spend his whole life there. He was nurtured into a true beast now. He yelled on playing children, beaten his neighbours for tad issues. Therefore, his neighbourhood were afraid of him but every pain has its medicine and Tyran’s medicine was Sarah: an intoxicating eyes, silky hair, feather-body; and lighthearted woman.

It was November month, Tyran was peeped through the window; the children were playing like they usually did. His wrath ordered him to drive back them out from here. He moved out furiously and screamed on the children but Sarah came there and coped him valiantly. Tyran picked up the Sarah’s cycle and smash it on the road hard and gone back to his house with a devil’s smile. Sarah’s eyes were filled with water but nonetheless she was dissolved in the colour of children. They both were faced themselves in the same way for any issue occurred on the street due to Tyran.

Today was Christmas, Tyran was sitting in the lawn and cleaning his gun; unexpectedly he saw Sarah riding a new bicycle. She was gazed him and lost her concentration due to that she lost her balance and fallen down on the ground. Tyran quickly ran and grab her hand. She jerked it but Tyran was strong so he took her to his house and bandage the wound. Sarah’s mind was stunned– She was confused.

Few days past, the new year was knocked the everyone’s doorstep but it carried a guest too, and that guest was a gangster escaped from jail. He entered in the Sarah’s house to hide himself from the police. Sarah went to the kitchen and few seconds, she screamed very loudly. Tyran heard that he rapidly rushed to the Sarah’s house. The gangster was pointed the gun on Sarah’s ear and her face was bruised. He warned Tyran but asusual Tyran was an expert in handling this situations. He putted out his gun within a second and shoot him. The gangster was fallen down and Sarah’s mawn. Sarah grabbed Tyran’s hand and demanded him to explain everything about him.

Uncharacteristically, Tyran revealed everything about him: who was he; why he was expelled; and how he turned into this. That incident was completely changed Sarah’s mind. Next day, she dressed beautifully and made breakfast. She rang the bell and gave breakfast to Tyran but he had been thrown it and slammed the door. He was spying her through the window. She was crying and Kevin tried to comfort her. Tyran’s temper was out of control and he jolted kevin but Sarah came in the middle of them before he buried him deep in the ground.

She commanded him that why he couldn’t see her in pain?– Why he saved her from the gangster? – Why he couldn’t see her with any other else? He was quietly seeing her. She answered her own questions that he cared for her and so did she. She hugged him with flowing water in her eyes. Tyran was slowly raised his hands and hugged her tight.

Three years later, Tyran was clean shaved, short hair and well dressed happy man now. He dropped and picked his wife Sarah from office– He played with his toddler– He gave a joyful smile to everyone. That’s the power of love who changed a beast (Tyran) into jubilant human.

We should also give some time to our relationship before end it because if we do, never knows what we have forfeited.

–END–

