Love story of a girl

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was in a rush to board my flight from Delhi to Chandigarh, reached an Airport and boarded my luggage. When i saw time in my watch i was not late, it was still 1 hr left for the flight to get announced. I was looking at the people coming in and going out, some people at the security and all chaos. A girl was sitting besides me,Wearing a nice combination of Red pullover with blue jeans and blue half jacket looking at the people with kajal in her pretty eyes, fair natural glowing skin and those small pink lips. She doesn’t have athletic body but was really cute. She asked me to give her some space so that she can keep her luggage, so from that where our conversation started

.I asked,”So where are you travelling to?”

Her response to unknown person was in very direct manner.Its Chandigarh.In a few more conversations we got to enough about each other profession, hobbies, family and all. I checked my watch again.

”It was still 40min left”.

She asked me,’As we are travelling to same destination,and we have nothing to do, so if u interested i can tell you a real life story”.

Being a writer,i am always keen to listen to real life stories, so i agreed. She started with,

“Its a story of a girl named Riya. Riya was very extrovert,bubbly and happy go lucky kinda girl,who lives her life to the fullest and always surrounded by her friends. she loves to dance ,partying and enjoying with her friends. she loves to make people happy with her humor, it was her passion and she was pretty good in that. She was really good in academics and when it comes to her love life, Inspite of getting loads of proposals, she was always clear that she wants to do arrange marriage. Riya was very practical, sorted girl who knows what she wants from her life,what she wants to do in her life. It was easy for her to take big decisions in life though always get confuse in terms of picking a dress for occasion. She always believed that like other girls,their is someone made for her and her parents gonna find  her dream man, who will love him,care him and make her  feel on cloud 9.

Riya was 22,when she started waiting for her right man, Every guy who comes close to her,she refuses everyone. By 24,she strongly made up her mind how things gonna be, and how she will meet a strange guy,what she will talk and etc which every girl think before going for arrange marriage. But then out of all blues, she met a guy Aryan,5’11 tall,handsome,good looking,toned built. On 1st instance she got attracted towards him but she somehow ignored him because she never want to get into love & all this. But as they become nice friends, she started liking him and Aryan felt the same for her. Riya started feeling that he was the same guy she has always dreamt of her parents would find.The way Aryan used to understand her, take care of her, love her, trust her, pamper her. She was on cloud 9. Aryan was falling for her so do Riya but she didn’t showed or may be she never realized this till now.”

It was an announcements for security check, She paused and we move towards security check. I was so excited to hear about the new love, how it would have bloom and had so many questions in my mind. I asked her to continue her story in flight. While boarding i was in a hurry to take my seat and settle down asap so that she can continue the same. After taking seat she continued-

“BBM’s, watsapp, talking on phone was so frequent they never realized when it becomes an addiction for both of them. She has never felt this good from inside before. She felt so  loved and complete. Aryan was so dependent on her, his meals, his family and his friends all now comes after her. She used to take care of his everything now i would say his life now. She motivated Aryan towards his work, she made him more responsible now And Aryan also made her feel so special and priority in his life. Riya never thought in her dreams that she would fall for someone and will think of  love marriage.

People say “Sometimes you don’t have to mention some relationships,they develop themselves with time”So that’s what happened with Aryan and Riya,they were actually behaving like they are in relationship ,those lovy dovy things,cute little fights and then conciliate each other. On the other side Riya’s parents were looking a guy for her,as they were always knew that she will never go to this love relationships as she always cleared her parents about her marriage views. Riya’s parents were high believer of kundli match and She was aware of it that they wont let her marry anyone if her kundli doesn’t  match.

So after screening loads of boys for Riya,finally  her parents found a suitable match for her.Now Riya got panic and she told the entire thing to Aryan.On earlier discussions about marriage between the couple,Riya gave a hint to the Aryan about her marriage and expressed her fear of getting into such chaos,so when asked about his kundli he ignored. But this time she wanted Aryan to talk about their relationship with her brother so that they will have a support and she wont have to see for the guy which was going to finalize but Aryan wanted some time to get settled. Aryan asked for 6 months but Riya somewhere was really scared because she knew that upcoming 6 months might change her life.

Now The irony of life has stuck Riya in such a manner that she doesn’t know what she should do?She should give Aryan 6 months to get settled or She should go ahead with her parents choice?On One side,Its the man she love and she want to see him as her life partner and on other side is the guy she always dream of,what her parents have finalize.”

Our Flight landed,she paused again.Many questions were rolling in my mind,i felt like as if my mind will burst if i didn’t get my  answers what happened next.What Riya did?From the time we step out of plane and walked towards our luggage,i was in deep thought.

Riya never wanted to go against her parents nor she will but this time she was totally in chaos. She should take a stand for her relationship which might turn to marriage or she should be practical enough and find her love in the suitable guy.She should wait for Aryan and give him 6  months of her life or she should get married to the other guy and make her parents happy?What if Aryan didnt marry her after 6 months too and she has to face more hard time?

***

