First Love – Short Story Love

Short Story – First Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

—I DEDICATE THIS “FIRST LOVE” TO MY LOVE—

It was an awesome and an unexpected climatic change in the city. Each and everyone in the city enjoyed the cool and romantic climate. The sky was not clear and there was a sign of drizzling. Sam was preparing for his final review. Anyone who sees him can easily say that “Sam is bit disturbed on an issue”. His heart murmured “Sam concentrate on your review”. he was not in the state of listening to his heart’s murmurings. He stopped his preparations and went to the upstairs to make his heart calm. He saw the beautiful climate and thinks about Anu, his lover. So as the sky Sam’s heart was also not clear and he was longing for a solution to the question which troubles him for the past one year.

Sam is cool and good looking guy, who was about to complete his master degree. Anu is his class mate  whom he loved a lot once. Both Sam and Anu loves this climate and mostly they used to share their time at such a climate only. Even couples have promised that they would think about each other at such a climate. These thoughts made Sam a bit weak and his eyes were filled with tears. He could not stop his tears nor he could compromise himself. Sam started crying. There was a sudden drizzle all over. It was like sky is trying to accompany Sam in this issue.

Sam said to his heart “I DON’T KNOW WHO LEFT THIS DAMN BEAUTIFUL SKY”.

He dint want to escape from the rainfall and want to spend some time over there so as to accompany the sky, as it did to him.

Anu and Sam were awesome pair of love birds for more than three years. Even they were the hot topic to the gossiper’s in their college.Sam’s heart again started to ask the same question “Why the hell you left Anu” which made him frustrated. Even though the couple’s life were filled with Love and Care they were not happy as there was a single word between them it was EGO. Sam was careless about that and was not aware that he would lose his better half because of that single word called EGO.

Sam decided to leave his Ego and took his mobile to contact Anu. he saw the date on his mobile screen it was 24/05/2012. Now he could remember that it was the birthday of both of them. He decided to wish Anu and to take up this chance to get a solution to all his question in his heart. He was bit nervous as he is going to get an solution to his long time question.

Suddenly he received a call from an unknown number.

He said “hello who is this”.

There was a complete silence at the other end. After few seconds a girls voice wished him “HAPPY BIRTHDAY SAM”. he could realize it is Anu. he was completely speechless. He thought he is living in a dream. The other end continued the conversation saying “Sorry….”. Sam wished “HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANU”.  The unspoken words for the last one year were spoken between them. They were at their important point of their life time. Both accepted that EGO is no more greater than their LOVE. Each shared the final words of their conversation as”I LOVE YOU DEAR”.

Sam was at his peak of happiness he could never exactly explain the sweetness of that moment. His tears were vanished so as his partner Sky’s tear also vanished. After so many days Sam’s heart was clear like a crystal and he was very happy about that. Sky was also very clear after a couple of days as Sam’s heart.

I will do my review better” Sam said to himself and continued with his work….

 __END__

