Short Story of Love, Hate or Jealousy (Part 3)

Photo credit: 

 from 

When Aina came to home her mother opened the door. Before Aina could step in the home her mother asked “Who was that boy”

“Who? What boy?” Aina didn’t understand first because she was sure that her mother didn’t see her with Percy. But as soon as she asked the question her sixth sense told that her mother knows about Percy.

“The boy…. with whom….. you came. I am asking about that boy, girl.” Her mother’s tone was dangerous.

“He is my friend. He is in my class.”

But her mother’s expression was same.

“Ohh come on mom, it is not a big deal. He only dropped me because I was late. Today was his birthday. My whole group was there. I didn’t realize the time. When I checked time it was late so I requested him to drop me.” Aina made a lie so that the temperature of home comes down.

“But why didn’t he drop you to the home? Why on street end? Why do you want to hide this?”

“Because of your THIS behavior. There is nothing between him and me and this is first time when I come with any guy and you created this scene. Think if he has come to home what you would say? That’s why I told him to drop me on street end.” Aina made a new lie because she knew this is first time her mother saw Percy.

“Ok, but don’t do this again.” Her mother’s temperature was coming down.

“Who was that boy?” again same question came in her ears. It was her sister Pritama.

“Please, don’t start it again. I told mother that….” Aina was interrupted by Pritama.

“I have heard that. But I am not your mother. I am your sister. I saw you how you were sitting with him. If he is only a friend then why you were hugging him from behind? There was no place for air between you two.” There was a glimpse of naughtiness in Pritama’s eyes.

“So you told mom about Percy.” Aina understood all.

“Ohh so his name is Percy.” Pritama smiled.

“Youuuuu, you will not tell this to mom.” Aina threatened her little sister.

“Don’t worry, I am with you.”

But Aina didn’t know it was true or not because in same week her father took them to a party and introduced her to Raj. Raj was doing MBA and his father was owner of three factories. Aina talked to him a little. He asked for her number, don’t know why but she gave him her number. When they were returning from party her father told her that Raj is going to join his father next month. Her parents were very much interested in Raj. It was like that they were interested in her and Raj’s relation.

At night she got a funny message form Raj. It was just a joke and at the end two words “Good Night”. That was not much but Aina liked that and replied with “Gud Nt”

She checked her FB and found there was friend request of Raj. She accepted and started to check Percy’s Timeline. There were two new poems by Percy and a big comment list mostly from Komal and Percy. She liked the status and didn’t comment.

Next day when she met Percy her mood was not good. But when she saw him her mood changed, she was cheerful again. Love always does this to lovers, a look of your love change the emotion more quickly than light came from bulb on   switching on the bulb. She was talking with friends when she got message from Raj. She checked it again it was a joke. She ignored because she was with Percy. When she reached home, her mother told her that Raj was waiting for her. She was surprised but she met to Raj. He brought flowers and a present for her. She was not able to reject him but it was something unnatural. Her mother told them to sit and she went in kitchen. Raj started to talk and asked her to go out with him. She told him that she can’t go today. He told that he will come to pick her from her home at 8 pm. She said that she can’t go. In the mean while her mother came and when she heard Raj’s plan she didn’t say anything. Raj told her that he will come and if she is ready then she can go otherwise he will return home.

When Raj left her home she saw the present, actually by Raj’s offer she forgot to return the present. She didn’t want to go with him and she didn’t like that he brought a present for her. On her sister’s request she opened the present it was a gold necklace, its design and size was showing that it was really costly. She was confused. She got message from Percy. He was free and started chat but Aina told him that she is busy right now.  After this, she started to get ready for her dinner date. She got less time as it was already 6 pm and she had only two more hours to get ready.

***

(to be continued…)

