Short Story – Love, Hate or Jealousy (Part 2)

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Love is really a very lovely emotion of life. Heart starts to beat for someone special. Aina and Percy were getting so close that there was no single half hour of the day from waking to sleeping when they didn’t message each other. Both were sharing every feeling. Their friends know that they love each other. When one of them was not in group other was sad and didn’t take part in any activity. Percy accepted this feeling and proved that day when he let his mom to talk to her and Aina refused but Aina was not ready or she was confused whether she was in love or not. She never accepted her love to him but her behavior always told that she is in love.

Both were on Facebook and Aina has got a lot of friends, some of them were totally unknown. On the other hand Percy had limited friends, mostly known. Both were sitting under a tree and talking to each other when Aina’s phone bip. Her phone was placed near Percy he took the phone and saw there was FB icon on screen, someone messaged her. He clicked the icon and message displayed. “Hi beautiful, how r u?”

“Who is this?” Percy gave phone to Aina and asked.

“Oh, he is Ali, he is my FB friend.” Aina replied casually and typed the reply “I m fine, ttyl”

“But how he is talking to you like he know you from a long time.” Percy loved and believed Aina but any boy will get tensed if he would see this type of message in her girlfriend’s inbox.

“Arey Yaar, don’t worry. He is from Dubai.” Aina assured him.

“But I think he is from India.” Percy had checked his profile before because Ali had commented almost on every picture of Aina.

“How do you know? Are you keeping an eye on me?” Aina was surprised.

“No, just checking your FB and found a lot of comments of Ali on your pics. How do you know him?”

“We met on FB only, on a FB page, we liked each other’s comments and become friends.”

“Does he has you phone number?” Percy’s questions were endless on this topic.

“Yes, I gave him my number.”

“But, why?”

“Hey, are you suspecting me? Look he is only a FB friend and he lives in Dubai, miles away from here.”

“Do you know all friends you have on FB? Do they all have your number?” Percy’s tone was changing now. Irritation was reflecting in his voice and Aina was feeling that.

“No way, I am not giving my number to anyone. Only few people have my number.”

The topic was closed that day but Aina felt that Percy didn’t like those unknown friends. So she checked her friend list and unfriend almost half of her friends. Percy noticed that and accepted it as a proof from Aina’s side that she also loves him and cares for his feelings.

One of Aina’s friend was Deepak. Aina was treating him only as a friend and he was also behaving like this but from inside he had a soft corner for Aina. He knew that Aina loves Percy so he never tried to bring out his feelings in front of Aina but from inside he was jealous from Percy. This unfriend thing hit him hard because once he had also asked Aina to remove this unknown friend and Aina told him to mind his own business.

He wanted Aina to think only about him but till Percy was in her life it was impossible. He decided to take step. He asked one of his friends Komal to send friend request to Percy. She did that and as Percy knew that she is Aina’s friend he accepted the request. Aina didn’t object that and Deepak was happy as his arrow was targeting the right spot.

One night Percy got a message on his inbox. He thought it will be Aina but it was Komal. She sent a good night message and Percy replied. From then daily he was getting good morning and good night message from Komal. He was not thinking about her as she was only a FB friend. Komal commented on his pictures and he commented back some times. It is normal FB activities when someone commented on your status or pic and you comment back. So Percy was normal with that but Aina was feeling this because on Percy’s pictures comments were rare from his family. After all a guy’s status and pictures don’t get much attention from the world on the other hand if a girl comments or put any silly thing in status 50 likes and 15 comments are necessary.

College magazine was published and Percy got award for best article. He and Aina went to a restaurant for party.

“These days this Komal is following you everywhere.” Aina said in complained mood.

“Who?  Your friend Koaml?” Percy teased her.

“Huuuuuu” her usual word when she was showing anger.

Percy liked this very much.

“Please say again.”

“What?”

“This huuuuuuuu. Please say again.”

“Huuuuuuu”

“Once again”

“Huuuuuuu, Now stop. I will not say again.” Aina was also smiling.

“I love this from your mouth.” Percy also smiled

That day both were late from restaurant. Percy dropped her outside her street because if anybody would see him in street with Aina she will be in problem. It was routine and till date nobody noticed this but luck is not with you always, today was that day.

***

(to be continued)

