LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

William was tired; the job was taking its toll on him and so was the marriage. It was going down the ruins. He didn’t feel the same spark he’d once felt with her. The marriage seemed empty now and too monotonous. He tiredly rubbed his eyes; he was going to end this soon. Though it pained him to do so, he should.

“Hey are you alright? You seemed tired. Do you want a cup of coffee?” Delilah’s voice was concerned; but instead of calming him, it sent irritation through his bones.

“No thanks.” He closed his eyes. Delilah was his love, his only escape for 5 years now. He loved her, though their marriage was planned by his parents; but something went wrong the moment he laid eyes on the new woman in his department.

“Will, come on, you can talk with me. Is it work?” She probbed, as her soft hands touched his shoulders, kneading and massaging. He was suddenly ridden with guilt.

“All I want is a moment of peace; just go away.” He snapped. Her hands left him instantly and after a second pause, he could hear her soft footsteps fading away; he sighed. He had to give her the divorce paper, soon. He didn’t want to cheat on Delilah, but his attraction for Isobel was compelling. So, he wanted to end this as soon as possible.

When he opened his eyes, he found a cup of coffee in the hot flask. He left the coffee there and walked to their room. Delilah wasn’t there. Carl was sleeping in his room; he kissed his 4 year old son before walking to his room.

The next day was Saturday and still no trace of Delilah. He woke his son, bathed him and feed him. The boy seemed unusually silent, as if he knew what was going on.

In the table was a white paper, fluttering helplessly in the wind. His heart stopped for a moment when he found Delilah’s handwriting. Did she leave him? Did she meet another man in work too? He didn’t know why it upset him; he was after all planning to leave her.

~~~

 

 

~~~

Tears were streaming down his cheeks. He walked swiftly towards his room, and tore down the divorce paper he’d asked from his lawyer. He was angry at himself, for trying to hurt Delilah and end the marriage.

That evening Delilah was back looking like a mess. Her eyes were red and puffy; she noticed him and stopped on her tracks. Her eyes never met him as she talked.

“Please give Carl to me; I don’t want to face an ugly divorce; he’s my everything.” She looked at the sleeping boy on the cushion.

“And I’m not?”

“I heard from Rosalie that you were out with another woman.” Her voice was clogged. Her fingers shivered like a last leaf on the winter night. She didn’t blame him; her eyes weren’t even accusing. She looked crushed and wounded.

“What if I said it was just work? What if I said it was just short-lived, a stupid mistake? Are you not going to fight for me?”

He now realized what he felt for Isobel was fleeting. Isobel was an attractive woman, and she seemed interested in him; it gave him a thrill; he hadn’t felt that thrill with Delilah, because Delilah was his, even before he acknowledged it. Isobel wasn’t his, and it gave him an adrenaline rush, that someone other than Delilah wanted him. It was stupid and childish, now he thought of that.

“You don’t have to pity me. You lost your interest in me and I don’t know how to bring it back. Don’t prolong it and make me suffer.” Her eyes were filled.

“I don’t pity you; I love you. I’m sorry that I went out with her; but it was one time, and I promise, even when she tempted me, I didn’t cheat on you. I didn’t want to cheat and pollute what we’d for years. You’ve to forgive me for what I did, you’ve to or I’ll become a mess. I really love you, Del. You’re IT for me.”

The comfort and certainty he felt for her was safety; it was the certainty of knowing that she’d be there for him come hell or high tides. He wasn’t bored with her, he now realized.

She didn’t answer. The silence hung in the air, thick and it pulsated with flagrant tension.

“I know it’s hard for you to trust me now; but please give me a second chance to prove it. Our marriage isn’t just a convenience, it’s destiny. I realized it, too late, but please. Another chance is all I ask of you, to prove you I am worthy of your love. I love you, Del. I really do. Please accept me back.” She nodded and walked away.

Carl, their little boy was smiling that night. His ploy had worked. He found that letter in his mother’s diary when he was looking for a paper to paint, days before. Though his vocabulary was weak, he could read and he found it was a letter written to dad. Days later, when he realized his mom and dad were fighting, he knew the only solution was that letter. The little boy’s intelligent.

On the opposite side, Will was vigilant on his bed, looking at his laptop. She had always wanted to visit Hawaii, but in the whirlwind of work, social life and marriage, he had never brought her on vacation outside the country. Now was the time.

He applied leave for a week, and booked a flight to Hawaii. It’d be her anniversary gift. He then booked for a villa near the beach and closed the laptop with a smile.

Sometimes, we didn’t realize what we had, if it was given to us without any fight, and it was the same with Will. But now he realized her worth and was eager to fight for her heart.

She gave him a second chance and he was willing to work for her love again; this time he wanted to do it the right way, without taking her for granted.

And so he would.

__END__

