Breakup Short Story – THE UNANSWERED QUESTION….

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story is of a girl named Arushi and a boy named Varun who fell in love in their teens ..

 

Arushi was in her teen, she was in class XI  and Varun was her classmate and the cutest boy in the class with the cutest smile. Aarushi was a simple & sweet girl who had a crush on all the cutest guy with brain who came in her way, she believed n simple living. Arushi and Varun beng classmates became instant friends and both of them secretly had a crush on eachother but no one was ready to disclose it. One day Varun took all the courage and flushed all his feelings infront of his lady love, Arushi was very happy but she didnt wanted to say yes to him so easily, she wanted to get sure whether Varun’s intentions were right or not, she  waited impatiently but her heart wanted to say him yes. Atlast Arushi said him yes, Varun hearing her “yes” jumped and shouted that “Arushi is mine”.

Arushi blushed hearng it. Varun and Arushi was madly in love to each other, there was nothing that could make them separate from each other. It was complete fairy tale for both of them. They used to talk with each other whole day in school and night over phone,their talking used to never end, they would decide what they will do after school, college, future,marriage but they forgot future is uncertain. Varun used to always pamper Arushi, he used to always make her mood whenever she used to fight with him.

Like these days passed , years passed Varun and Arushi grew closer and closer, and their bonding also became stronger.Both of them passed their school with flying  colours. After school they went in separate college, Arushi in a girls college  and Varun in a boys college. It was at this time Arushi was sensing some trouble in their love life and yes she was right about it, Varun wasn’t give her importance, he was avoiding her. She felt everything but she was afraid to confront him, she was afraid to hear the truth from his mouth. It was both of them’s first love. Arushi couldn’t loose him at any cost.

But Aarushi’s world came crumbling when one day Varun said Aarushi that he wanted “BREAKUP”.

Aarushi knew something was wrong but she never thought he will say her breakup. Arushi asked him several question WHY?? WHat I DID??  WHAT WENT WRONG THAT YOU ARE LEAING ME??

Varun didn’t answer any question, she begged, she did  everything but Varun didn’t answer her THE REASON OF LEAVING HER .Varun just wanted to get rid of her at any cost. Varun insulted her in front of their friends the whole world , abused her to get rid of her. Aarushi still stayed strong & still luved him for whatever he did , she beged him for his presence in her life .Varun didnt stop there he abused her parents, whom Varun used to call “MA” .

That was it for Aarushi, she decided to leave him. She stopped her heart and freed Varun but she didn’t stop loving him. She promised him not to see his face but Aarushi was hiding her love for him beneath her anger. She still wanted to be with him and wanted to know why Varun left her but she couldn’t say Varun to come back because he abused her parents as for Aarushi her world always meant her parents.

She LEFT VARUN BUT DIDNT STOP LUVING HIM. SHE STILL LUVS HIM. but she couldn’t forgive Varun because of his deeds.Varun after his freedom still abused Arushi for every failure in his life, Arushi heard everything without a word against him. Varun changed, no one knew the reason and nor the reason behind leaving Arushi.

Arushi still searches the answer to her question,  what went wrong that Varun left her, she blamed her for everything. Her tear doesnt stop flowing, nor does her love for Varun has stopped. Arushi doesn’t know whether her questioned will be answered or not in this lifetime.

__END__

