 

“Where are you Andy,get the car keys and open the door.” Rachna’s mother screams from the living room.

She just got back from the market and found her daughter lying on the ground,beside her is a bottle of dettol. Could she have drank out of it? Rachna’s mother stared at the bottle confused. What could have pushed her to make this decision.

Andy rushes into the living room and quickly carries Rachna into the car. Her dad was still at work. She was rushed to the hospital and taken into the emergency room.

“Madam please be patient,she will be fine.” said one of the nurses.

Rachna’s mother sat down crying. She quickly got her phone and called her husband who sounded angry on the phone.

Few minutes later,the doctor came out to meet her mom.

“Madam,your daughter drank a poisonous liquid and we trying to flush it out of her stomach. It won’t be easy but she will be fine” said the doctor.

He then returned to the ward.

Rachna’s dad walked in and immediately his wife sighted him, she ran to him and gripped his suit. “You devil, you pushed her, you pushed her, all she ever did was love a guy.” Rachna’s father Chattan slapped her and pushed her away from him.

“No daughter of mine will marry a poor farmer,not in this life.” Chattan said angrily.

He ignored his wife and walked straight to Andy. “What happened to her?” he asked.

“Well,the doctor said she took a poisonous liquid.” Andy replied.

“That foolish girl,what does she think she is doing,” Chattan said.

Rachna’s mother Babita wiped her eyes immediately she saw the doctor approaching and quickly walked to him.

“Your daughter is fine,but she still needs to be under intensive care for now. You won’t be able to see her today, you can go home now and come back tomorrow”, the doctor said. Andy looked at his wrist watch,it was 11:56pm already. They had no other choice but to come back the next day, so they left.

Chattan went straight to the bedroom when they got home,he wouldn’t talk to his wife.

The next day Andy drove Babita to the hospital, Rachna was discharged and taken home. Chattan got home and heard his daughter was back from the hospital, he walked straight to her room while Babita was in the kitchen.

He entered Rachna’s room and found her sitting on a chair. Rachna noticed her father and stood up immediately, Chattan walked close to her and slapped her.

“You fool, you are a disgrace,how dare you?” Chattan angrily shouted.

“Leave me alone papa, I am not a pet, am 21 and I know what I want. I won’t stop trying to die, papa I won’t. Not until you release Shanj from that horrible place, I won’t stop trying to get away from you papa. I love Shanj, I love him a lot and I am ready to die if you don’t let us be. You may slap me as much as you want, you can lock me in this house papa but one thing is sure,I won’t stop trying to die,I won’t stop until am dead. You can stop me from seeing Shanj but you can’t stop me from loving him.” Rachna shouted with tears rolling down her cheeks.

Chattan left his daughter’s room without uttering a word. Rachna fell on the ground weeping badly.

Few weeks later, Chattan told Rachna she was free to be with Shanj. Chattan released Shanj from the prison and offered him a job in his company. Two years later Shanj and Rachna got married and lived happily.

–END–

