Love Short Story – Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

I remember it was my summer vacation. Now only 20 days were left for my school to reopen. Vacation seemed very fascinating and interesting for the others excluding me……

“Trrrrriiiiiiinnng” it was my alarm in the morning at 8. Yes during vacations also I had to get up so early to go market to search out for vegetables required at home.

This was my daily household tasks. If I didn’t go I would get punishment for it. The punishment would be no food for the day.

In the market when I was buying vegetables something happened which had never happened before. But what? Wait let me figure it out. As soon as I turned I saw someone standing at the back right behind me whom I had never seen before. I had a glance of it and concentrated on Tomato and Aloo but then I understood that something was wrong with me I could hear my heart beat. They were very fast because I now realized and could not believe that the girl standing next to me was the one who I witness sometimes in my dreams. Yes dreams I get such dreams. I could see that someone is just coming in my direction and holding my hand. It was this girl who was just my imagination. But tell me when you see someone who you imagine just in your dreams, exist in reality what would happen to you? I don’t know about you but I think I was keen of her.

There was a tea stall in the market area. I decided to sit there and see her purchase and bargain for the vegetables which I could never do. She was done with her buying of veggies and I was full of tea after intake of 20 glasses of tea observing her. She left but she also left something in the market that day. It was her photograph. It fell from her bag when she was going away and the moment I decided of picking it and handing it over to her she disappeared. After that day I never saw her again.

I am now 28 years, working as a photographer. In my profession I meet so many people but not her. Anyways now there is no point on meeting her too because I am married now. I don’t understand why but till date I have that photo with me in my cupboard and my wife doesn’t know about it.

I was out for my photo shoot one day and it was Ronita’s (my wife) birthday. On the occasion of her birthday I every year would keep a gift in the cupboard and gift her in the morning but since I was not there that day she started hunting for the present in the cupboard (I forgot about her birthday because of the busy schedule of mine that year—meaning there was no gift in the cupboard) and she found the photo of that girl which I had kept there.

When I returned home I was given out of ordinary treatment. It was the first time that she did not invite any of her friends that day on her birthday to celebrate it but she decided for a candle light dinner with me.

Before I move further let me tell you about my marriage life. It was an arranged one and I was always busy with my profession so much that I did not have time for home. She loved me and I loved her but even after 1 year of our marriage we lived like friends. My thought of cheating on her, because I never told her about that photo I had in my cupboard, held me back and I could not express my love and she felt I was not interested so even she did not try. But what happened today?

We started dining. There was silence on the table when suddenly Ronita asked me something.

“Kunal did you ever hide anything from me?’’

I was scared but thought she has done so much for me now it is the best opportunity I have got to tell her about my past and was about to tell her when she kept that girls photo on the table which had I love you please don’t leave me written on it.

I was about to explain her when she asked me a second question,

“You know who she is?” after asking this much she said something which changed our life.

Any guesses????

She said, “It’s me”. I swore I was only 29 or 30 years that time if I would be 40 or something, a heart attack was sure. That night was best night of my life. My wife was the girl who I had met in the market that day.

I can’t explain you what I felt that day because sometimes you fall short of words to explain your feelings. I always thought will I be able to love Ronita after my first sight love? I got answered.

Today after 2 years of my happy love and married life with Ronita and after having my two beautiful daughters, I define love saying—

LOVE IS COMPOSED OF SINGLE SOUL INHABITING TWO BODIES…Thank you Ronita….I love you alot….

So readers keep loving, you never know when you become next Kunal or Ronita?

__END__

