Romantic Short Story – Love Beyond Control

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Peter is a software engineer few years back. He is searching for a good job. He is young and charm is on his face called smile. People like him very much. He is like a hero of action films. He can get a job with his good physique and his wit and wisdom without an effort. The only problem is his desire to have the best job with very good salary. So each job he gets has become ‘not interesting’. So he is getting and rejecting the jobs. The time is getting late for a job. His parents left him to do as he likes and this has become his great comfort.

One day he is walking on beach. The evening is very lovely. He is not in love till then and a girl of twenty or twenty five came to him like a flash of light in the cloudy evening. He is wondering at her beauty while she is talking with him as if she is his girl friend.

“Hi, I am waiting for you. Why are you so late? What happened to you?” She asked him putting her hands on his shoulders.

Her electrifying beauty is shock and he looked like he is about to faint. Somehow he controlled himself and asked her, “Who are you? I don’t know you. I am seeing you first time.” Peter said politely.

His polite and cool look made her wonder at him and he questioned him in a pretty love mood, “Hi, what happened to you? I am your Peggy. Do you say that you are not Peter?”

Peggy is a sweet girl. She is very beautiful. Peter thought that having a girl like Peggy as a girl friend is really fantastic. He is unable to remember that he has seen her before. How she got his name? It is a wonder. Anyhow, Peter is ready to have her as his girl friend. It’s not only Peter, let it be anybody else in that situation, he cannot afford to lose her.

Just then Peggy hugged Peter and kissed him.  Her perfumed kiss is a great experience to have in the history of kiss and a kiss of a hot girl like Peggy has no comparison with other. Peter tried to talk with her in helpless condition that he is not the one she is expecting.

“Don’t waste time in talking something like nothing. Just make use of good time Peter.” Peggy hugged him more tightly and her kiss was so hot that Peter cannot forget that comfort of a young girl in hug any time. The great feel of happiness in a hot kiss and in a hottest hug never vanishes in memories.

After half an hour, Peggy is out of the love syndrome or concurrence and she asked pardon from Peter for her unexpected behavior. Peggy said that she was not abnormal in deep love; there is solid reason for that.

“Thank you Mr. Peter. The police are after me. I pretended as your girl friend for some time to mislead and avoid the police that are following me. They are gone now, thinking that I am not the woman they are looking for. You may be in surprise thinking how I know your name. I saw your application for job in our company. I am working there as the financial advisor and few million dollars are misappropriated there. Police has an eye on me in their investigation. I took your help to escape from them. Anyhow, I think that this lovely moment with you will be a sweet memory for me. I thank you for your help in this unexpected situation.” Peggy said.

This is a shock for Peter. He looked for any police around, but there is none as Peggy has said, they might have gone. He could not digest the incident as it looked as a sudden storm of love and all of a sudden it disappeared as a false rain. At last, Peter became normal and he saw her with a feverish love. Peggy is like the angel of love and he is just like a beggar for love and remained as a dreamer.

“If you don’t mind, may I know the name of the company you are working?” Peter asked her.

“Sure! No problem to tell the name and even to give my mobile number to you if you promise me not to follow me with love fever!” Peggy said this as if she is teasing him.

“My goddess! I will definitely not!”  Peter said

“What goddess?”

“Sorry, a goddess is a female deity with supernatural powers in polytheistic religions. I mean her, just my God!”

“Nice” Peggy smiled and gave her number and the company’s address to Peter.

“Now I say what my heart says Peggy, if you love me I definitely leave you not.” Peter said.

Peggy smiled as if enjoyed this as a repartee.

“If you need my help for anything in life, you can call me. I will be a real help for you.” Peggy said.

After this meeting, Peter did not see Peggy. He had not called her. A month or more than that has passed away. But Peter did not forget her. He remembered her every night before he goes to bed.

Peter wanted to see her, but he strongly resisted his inner urge for no reason. He may be dreaming to be called a gentle man. But he is no more a gentleman. He is longing for her kiss. He is mad after that kiss and his wish is burning him day and night.

The name of the company is Endeavour Technologies & Solutions. He wants to go to the company to see Peggy.

All of a sudden, he remembered that he has attended for a job in that company. He has applied for software developer. The woman who interviewed him asked about the salary he is expecting. He quoted a salary that is equivalent to highest one in USA.

“We have to appoint you as the manager in the company to give you that salary, not as the software developer.” She said with sarcastic smile.

Peter lost hope of job there and he forgot the name of the company also which is suggested by his friend. Now, he remembered that the lady who has interviewed him is none but Peggy.

Now it is another dilemma that how far it is good to go there to see the highest position official in that company. On the same day, he got the appointment letter from the same company. To his surprise, he is appointed with the same salary he has quoted, but as the assistant manager.

When he reached the office to join there, an old man took his joining report and asked him to take care of the reputed company well. He is the CEO of the company Endeavour Technologies & Solutions. He worked for few months there, but he cannot see her.

One day, he dared to ask the manager of the company about her.

“I saw a woman who has interviewed me, I don’t know her name. Why she is not here?”

The manager is around thirty-thirty five. He is John. He smiled and revealed the truth.

“Oh, you are talking about Miss Peggy. I thought you know her. She played a key role in getting you appointed. Her father and our CEO Robert told us to put your application on hold. She made her father accepted for the salary you have asked and she has suggested that you be appointed as the assistant manager. So you are appointed as assistant manager instead of software developer.”

“Oh, I really don’t know all this. Why she is not coming to office?”

“If she is here, she cannot stop coming to the company. Now she is in USA. We have our branch there and she is looking after the business there. She may come back next week.” John said.

All this made Peter very surprising. His wish to see her is growing and he is waiting to see her.

After one week, Peggy’s number flashed in Peter’s phone.

“Hi how are you?”

Peter recognized her voice.

“Thank you for the job.” He said.

“Just that… No more?” Peggy’s voice is teasing.

Peter is really getting burnt in her thoughts.

“I want to see you at once.”

He said like a boy who is putting his demand for a chocolate.

“Why late? Come to the same spot in beech. You know where we met last time!”

Peter reached there in no time. Peggy is before him. She is very fresh like a flower with spring charm.

 “Don’t you thank me for the job with your dream salary?” Peggy smiled.

“You have opened a new chapter long back when we met last time. I am mad at the new taste of a kiss with a hug. I want to own it forever.” Peter said.

“Why late?” She smiled as if she is inviting him for that.

Peter could not resist his feel to kiss her. He took her in his tight arms and kissed her as if he is hungry for that for a life time.

“I thank you for everything you gave me. If I knew I would be falling in love with an angel, I would have searched for you harder and found you sooner.” Peter said with poetic touch.

“Wait, it was not you, me who found you. You won my heart in the interview on that day. You forgot me, but I could not.” Peggy said with a teasing smile.

“I accept. You are my angel of love” Peter said keeping the warmth of Peggy in his hug.

“Other men, it is said, have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.  You may be one person to the world, but to one person you are the world! It’s me my lovely peter.”

Peggy invited his lips to her and Peter forgot everything in her warm hug. Four lips lost in love and time is stopped for peter and Peggy.

__END__

