Love Short Story – Will you marry me?

Photo credit: 

 from 

It looks like God is angry too much. There is heavy rain and thunder all night but seems not going to stop today also. Well known and romantic hill station, Mahabaleshwar is no more looking romantic now but looking more frightening and thrilling.

There is quite silence in the room of paradise cottage and only thunder and wind voice is breaking it. Julie is looking outside for long. Her face is looking calm but unable to hide sadness from it.

“Julie, lets have a Coffee, dear” , Mathew called her loudly to divert her attention.

Unwantedly, Julie turned face and look at his dad. A retired army man, discipline and a strict Dad. Those are enough to describe his character. Jeny, Julie’s mother died before 5 years and then after also his dad’s nature don’t changed much except he becomes much conscious about Julie now.

Mathew gives cup to her and they sit together. ‘Dad, lets go back. I.. ‘ before she could have complete Mathew stand up and told without looking at her ,”I already told you, we are going to settle here. It is better for you if forget past and adjust with present”.

Mathew tried to change his expression and turn back but Julie already left. “Julie, it is not good weather outside come in “,

“ok at least take raincoat, you know that you often get ill in rainy season” Mathew is requesting by going against of his nature but she doesn’t respond and continues her aimless walk. His words are seems swollen in air. Mathew is about to running behind but a hand came to his shoulder. “Let her give some time. She will move on” , loving old woman told him. She is Julie’s Granny.

Julie is walking without knowing where to go. After some of minute she see a small tea stall. She moves there. Rain is almost stop now. On normal day, there is always crowd here but today there are 2-3 person only. She took tea and move some of foot away. She take sip and flash back started in her mind.

Little mumma’s girl now grown and joined college in Bangalore. Tall, fair and rude girl but having killing smile. She was in first year of engineering. She was ruling on heart of many boys. They were running behind her every moment in the hope that she might tell ‘hi’ or at least smile. But one guy was different among all. He was like rowdy. Reach, stylist and always surrounded by rowdy gang. None of girl liked his group and boys were frighten by them. Class bunk, fun at canteen, harassing newcomers etc. very common features of this gang. Ravichandram was his name but more famous as ‘Ravi’ and ‘Surya’ – Means the Sun.

One day Julie went somewhere and got late. She was unable to get auto or bus from station. There was dark surrounding and fear was visible as there were few people left. Suddenly, one car stopped there and due to fear her heart beat raised in such a way that almost she would die. Window glass slide down and a boy told “Come inside, I will drop you”.

He was none other. He was Ravi. She got bit relief but not much happy by his offer as fear of defame in collage. Ravi told her, ‘come and sit. you are not going to get vehicle to your home from here.’ He got to know her hesitation so told or should I ask cab or auto for you if you have more trust on those unknown than me? Julie looked at him and opened the door. Without doing any formality, she sat and closed door. Ravi started car. He drop her to her apartment’s entrance where she was staying with friends.

Full night, she was thinking that how can it be? One person who was rowdy in collage and same as good human at outside of it.  But suddenly cold fear crossed her by thought that if he told some naughty story to others then. She cursed her self about taking lift. Full night went on positive and negative thoughts.

Next day also she passed full day with fear but nothing happen like her thoughts. When she crossed Ravi’s path even nothing seems like changed. Finally she got relief. Next few days passed but one thing in her mind keeps running and that was thoughts of Ravi. She started to take more interest in him and had guilty also that she didn’t even thanked him. Finally, she went to him and told thanks for lift on that day. Ravi smiled and told ,”so you remembered that you forgot to tell thanks. Anyways, its ok”. And here new journey of friendship started.

Now, she had no fear or shame to roam with Ravi. She started to help him in study. His rowdy group was no more rowdy for her. She started to know many good thing about Ravi. She got to know that he used to sponsor poor students to achieve their dreams. She didn’t even realize when she fall for him. Days were passing and finally collage days were over. She was happy that her father got transfer to Bangalore and she could arrange meeting with Ravi.

But how to tell Ravi? Whatever she dreamt was one sided till. She called Ravi and asked him to meet. After few hours, both met at coffee center. Both were speechless for some moments and suddenly Ravi told, “Julie, my father is expecting that I should marry now. He has some proposal” and again some killing pause.

Julie was feeling too grief inside but trying to keep smile. He continue ,”By the way, why you called me here? ” he changed topic all of sudden. She told nothing important now.

He smiled and say “is it?”. Before she say anything, He hold her hand and say ,”Will you marry me?”

She couldn’t stop her tears and rolling down on cheeks.

She first time gave him hug and accepted his proposal. She thought her father must be happy as he would accept this relationship but what about Ravi’s parents?. Ring sound break her sleep and she lifted call without looking caller’s name. Smiled started rolling on face as she got informed that Ravi’s father was agreed and wish to meet her with her father. Life was like fairy tale. First father transfer to beloved city, then Ravi’s propose and now all set for her marriage. She rushed to dining table but not hurry to eat breakfast.

“Dad, I want to marry a boy. Actually my friend” , with all gathered courage she told main agenda to dad.

Mathew almost screamed , “what?”. He controlled his anger and told ,”what is his name and what is his family background”.

“Ravi, his name is Ravi and his father..” but she couldn’t finish as Mathew turned red by just hearing name.

“What are you telling? not from our community? let me clear, I am ready for your marriage with your choice but not to outside community ” Mathew put full dot on conversation.

Suddenly, her fairy tale life collapsed like card palace. She informed this to Ravi. Ravi decided to come and convince her father. At evening, he came. Mathew was not happy by seeing him at home. Ravi asked him, “Sir, please hear me once.”

He told him all about his family, study and business. “Let us allow to marry as Julie will not marry without your happily permission.”

“look young man, I cant allow my girl to marry with such boy. You only told that your reputation was not good. More over, you are not from my community. Your kind of boy are just interested in beautiful girls. My daughter wont be tissue paper for you” Mathew finished and opened door.

He showed sign to him for go from here. Ravi lose his mind by hearing such nonsense thing about him, “Julie, you need to decide me or your father”. Suddenly life reached at such point where she only going to loose by choosing either side.

She looked at her mother’s photo which was hung at wall and then turn to her father.  She replied without saying a word and Ravi didn’t take a minute to know it. Two heart and unlimited dreams were broken by prejudice thinking of a person and quick condition of other. That was the day when she mat Ravi last time but none of single day passed till today when she didn’t have tried to convince her father. Day by day, she became reserved and cut her self from out side. David who was doctor and Mathew’s friend came to meet him.

“Mathew, in this age such thing happens with youngsters. You don’t worry. Take her to some good hill station. I know she will come out and remember she loves you a lot else you know in this age what child is doing with parents.”, David gave advice to Mathew. Finally, he took Julie to Mahabaleshwar. But here also she didn’t get relief.

She reached so deep in thoughts that she forget where is she? Suddenly massive voice break her thoughts but its late. She just hear some sound of rushing people and her eyes closed. She met an accident by vehicle. Driver tried to control but failed. Vehicle was loaded with house hold cleaning chemicals and tiles cleaning Acid was also in one glass container. Unfortunately, it broke near to Julie. Mathew rushed to hospital. Julie got several injuries on face and hands. Doctors advised to shift her to Mumbai for further treatment.

Mathew don’t even take single drop of water till she comes out from coma stage. Julie touches her face. She realized that now she is no more beautiful. Beauty is faded away. She asked her father to give mirror.

“We will go for cosmetic surgery, dear”, Mathew hardly manage to say it with unsuccessful control on tears. Nurse comes there and ask to Mathew to fulfill some formalities. He got to know that She will be discharged from hospital after 2 days. Mathew has took appointment from Dr. Tejal who is well known plastic surgeon of Bangalore. Two days before, Mathew was not ready to go back to Bangalore but destiny is calling back there.

“Julie Farnandiz..” a man paused to swallow saliva at receptionist table.

“Room no 203, right straight” , Receptionist reply without looking at man as she is busy with her routine job. A man run towards room no 203.

“Ravi..”, Julie exclaimed with joy but turn her face at second moment. “Why you came here?”, she started to act bit rude.

“Your cousin called me and I run here. How this could happened with you?”, he broke into tears.

Julie knows him. She knows that he will never leave her alone but how can she be selfish now. She is no more that Julie. Everything is changed now. She wants to stay with him but not by getting his sympathy. She starts to act very rudely and insulting to him. She is not turning her face to him also. Ravi stayed all time there in spite of lots of insult by Julie.

Mathew is feeling as failed father. He is cursing him self to go to Mahabaleshwar. He is watching inside window, Ravi is trying to feed Julie but Julie is not ready to turn her face. His heart is crying a lot. He decided something. He called Ravi. “I will spend my all wealth for her plastic surgery. I know it is selfish to ask but will you marry my daughter.” by folded hands he hardly completes.

“No, sir” Ravi replied with very calmness. “Still you thought I love her due to her beauty. How can I say yes?” and Ravi left from there.

Mathew realizes now that judging person by outside nature, religion is wrong. Real person is hidden in heart. Person’s purity is measure by his heart not by race, caste, religion or clothes.

“Will you marry me, Julie?” with same smile Ravi asked to Julie. How can Julie resist her self now?

“Ravi, I am not that Julie”, by turning his side she replies.

“This is definitely not my answer, my love”, Ravi hold her hand and kissed on hand. She becomes speechless.

All three land to Bangalore after two days. Three days later they marry. There is small function for it. Few days later she goes through Plastic surgery. However she cant fully recover. But it doesn’t make any difference to Ravi. He has same smile by seeing him which was when he gave lift to her. He proved that internal beauty  is never fade whether outer beauty remains or not.

__END__

