Love Short Story – Does it matter?

Photo credit: 

 from 

Standing at the bus stand, Anvi couldn’t help to sneak a look at her watch after every few seconds. At any moment, she will meet Rajat, the love of her life. The meeting was supposed to be short like always but for two hearts separated by thousands of miles, it was like an oasis in the desert.

Lost in thoughts, she was wondering what she will say to him. She always had millions of things to say to him but as the moment was approaching, she couldn’t remember anything. For last 4 years, they were in love. Their days were incomplete without each other’s calls and messages. They worked in different cities but those miles seemed to work as a catalyst for their love. Their love cherished and blossomed every day. Both of them looked forward towards their Short meetings. But for last 1 year, they couldn’t meet. Today, their long wait was ending. They were finally going to meet. Anvi blushed at the thought and once again looked at her watch.

A warm hand on her shoulder made her jump. She turned and saw Rajat smiling at her. His handsome face was clearly happy to see her. Anvi was speechless. Happiness was rolling down her eyes in tears. Rajat wiped off her tears and gently embraced her. She felt grateful for this gesture. After all the wait paid off. Soon they sat on a nearby bench. Anvi was still speechless. Rajat too was short of words. Sitting in silence, they were looking into each other’s eyes.

After a few minutes Rajat broke the silence. “I am here my love. Won’t you say anything?”, he asked.

“No. We have phone calls for talking. But this feeling of sitting next to you, looking into your eyes and feeling your presence….. this i can’t have on phone. Time is short. Let us make the most of it. So, for today, let silence be our language of love.”

Rajat smiled at her. “I like your philosophy sometimes”, he said. Anvi blushed again but remained silent. Few more minutes witnessed their silent communication.

“Time to go”, Anvi said. Rajat looked at the watch and sadly said, “Yes. We are again going to be separated for a few months.”.

“Does it matter?”, Anvi said mischievously. Rajat looked confused.

“As long as we love each other and we can steal such moments from life. Does it matter?”, She again spoke when Rajat couldn’t understand the meaning of her question. Rajat was stunned by this. “I really like your philosophy sometimes”, he finally said.

Getting up from the bench, they intensely locked eyes for the last time that evening and advanced towards their destinations. On his way, Rajat couldn’t help but thinking about her philosophy. He smiled and thought that she was right. It truly didn’t matter.

–END–

