LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

“And finally the day arrived”. Spice Jet ,Flight no SG324 Mumbai to Bangalore. I looked at the ticket, None of the details on it interested me. Except the name of the Passenger, Aditi Rahul. Yes! My name looked the  most beautiful now. It has been exactly two years since my name has joined to his.

Ours is a love cum arranged marriage. Rahul. I never thought that he would become my life partner at any time. Our first meet itself was a tragedy. I was in my final year of college by then and there was a national fest arranged.  Participants came from every possible college. I am neither a serious studious student nor take up responsibilities. When every students of my college were busy in doing arrangements for stay and preparing checklists for events, I made myself busy in tasting all the flavours of ice cream in the new stalls arranged for the fest.

“Excuse me, can I know the way for Mechanical Department”. I turned back hearing the voice.

It was him. And I did not realize that the cassata cone I was eating by that time made its mark in my nose.

He looked at me and smiled. “Ok I think you are busy feeding your nose. Its ok carry on I will ask somebody else”

“Oh I did not notice” I wiped off the ice cream on my nose and said. I felt little weird. “You asked me way right, U have to go straight and..”

He did not let me say. “Ya I am sure you had not noticed where the mechanical department is either. So don’t strain”

I got furious. What is he trying to prove. “Hello, You came to my college. Don’t dare to tease me”

“O.k next time I will come to your home and tease you”. He smiled again and went. I was so angry on him and scolded with all words I know.

I came home and threw away my bag. He is the first person to tease me in my all life. Being only daughter I was pampered like anything at home. Fights and teasing never happened.  And this looked new to me.

The second day of the fest was awesome. It was all colourful around.  And I was made the in charge of food fest. It was fun and I was busy giving tokens.

“Ya I know you will be here in this section only”. I turned up and looked who it was.

It was him. “Don’t you like anything than eating”. He asked me with an evil grin.

“Don’t you have any other job than teasing me”. I said like a kid with anger.

“Absolutely not. I love to tease you. Any problem in that?” He smiled

“Yes!”. I said and tried to walk away. He stopped  my way and looked at me.

“I want to make these fights with you for the entire days of my life. Will you give me that chance?”.  I did not expect him say that. I was stuck with the glare of his eyes. A strange chillness went through my spine when he gave me that continuous stare straight into my eyes. Before I could react any he gave a smile and walked. I stood motionless for a long time trying to realize what had happened.

The third and final day of fest arrived. I was wandering with my friends to see the dance and ramp walk going on. I didn’t know why my heart was searching for him. Where is he? He did not come up today or what? My eyes were looking in all possible directions. The fest ended at scheduled time. And i did not find him at all.

I wondered what is wrong with me. I was missing him. I wanted to hear his voice. How come he occupied my mind so soon. Did his eyes really meant what he said yesterday. Or he was just passing time and went back. I walked back home with lots of things running in my mind.

“Were you looking up for me? I was busy in finding your home to come and tease you”. He stood inside my home. I was shocked with joy and surprise. How come he is here and why is he here?

My dad and mom came near me and said. “We told you right, this is Rahul. Our Rishi uncle’s Son”. Ya, they told me that they proposed for marriage. But I have never seen him and never expected him play like this. “You did not answer my question.”  He said with a lovely smile. I did not say anything and hung my head down with shy. And that said everything he asked for.

A year of our marriage life passed and it was all filled with love.  And now..

I just opened my eyes. For a moment I could not realize where I am and how did I come here. It was all white stuff around me.  The bed, bed spread, the curtains too.  Is this heaven or what?

“No problem you can take her now”. The person in white coat appeared like a saint with a stethoscope. Oh yeah, then I realized that’s a doctor and am in hospital. Rahul thanked the doctor. He came near me and gave a smile.

“What happened to me? Why am I here?”

“Sshhhhh” he kept his finger on his lip like a kid. And before I could come out of that sight and question him again he pulled my hand and took me away from there.

I stared at him while he was driving. Like any other normal day his whistle sound troubled me. It’s the way he tries to irritate me whenever I ask him a question he is not willing to answer.

“Will you stop whistling and tell me what happened?”  I am out of my patience now.

“This is why I tell you don’t eat all chocolates, ice creams and cake in one day. Now you got food poisoned. You are told to be away from those for at least a month“

That’s the worst thing I could ever hear.  It is tough for me to get my hands and mouth away from that.

“I will be the only husband in world history to take wife to hospital for food poisoning due to ice creams” He was showing a pity face and concentrating on road.  He gets me chocolates everyday he is back from office.  That’s his entry pass for the door to be opened to get him inside. But yesterday I had lots than usual.

Our car passed the “Cream and Chill” shop. Every Sunday evening one hour is dedicated to this shop. I love all the flavors here. But now I don’t have guts to tell him stop. He understood my glare and said with a smile. “Now, no more cassata or Cadbury’s for you.” I felt sad, more than I did when I failed my exam for the first time in school.

He opened the door to our home and went straight into kitchen. I did not say a word. I felt like thousand people are carrying away all my candies and cookies and burying it deep inside ocean.

He came back with a glass of orange juice and medicines.  I looked him with a sad face.  “Now I can have all the chocolates without somebody fighting for my share”.  He said showing his proud and happy eyes.

“This is not fair. I will not let u” I said with anger and worry. He started smiling hard.

“Let’s see. Now stop fighting with me and take tablets with juice, you will not feel the bitterness”. He held my hands and gave me.  That’s the beautiful thing I love in him. My body was so tired and I hardly remember how long I slept in his lap holding his hand.

He was not there when I opened my eyes. I walked out of bed. The door was locked from outside. He might have gone out. I always love to see him sleep like a baby whenever I wake up.  Kiss on his forehead makes the start of my day. I missed him bad and wondered where he went. His number was not reachable.

I searched the remote to turn on the music channel. I started cleaning the sofa and bed.  My mobile gave its message tone. It was him. “I will be back soon. Now don’t escape and have your medicines. The prescription is near your cupboard”.  I called him again, he did not pick up. Idiot, I will take good care once you return. I thought to myself.

I went for the prescription and found a paper. No, A Letter..

“To the most beautiful girl in the world

I cannot believe that it is been a year since we got married. I feel  I saw you just now in a family function. Sweetie, I cannot describe what all were running inside my mind that moment. I was stuck for a while. I was following you without your knowledge. And before that function ended, I was there with my family to meet your family and make the proposal of wedding.  I came home with my parents to see you. And I was told that you went college for fest. I felt so nervous when I came near you, to talk. I managed to hide it somehow. The way you looked at me with you ice cream fed nose is still there as a picture in my heart. I know that you were so angry that day. But it was awesome to see the cheeks which turned red emitting anger on me. I had a fear on what you will answer me for my proposal. And I was dragged by the shyness you gifted me making my dreams with you come true.  I fell for you head to toe.

And since then I am falling for you each day and each moment and every time you do something. Be it the morning kiss you give me for which I act like am sleeping though I wake up before you. The way you ask me to get chocolates every morning I leave for office. The doubts you get on which color dress suits you when we go out. The expressions you give when you cook a dish and wait for me to say how it tastes.  The phone calls you make when I am at office only to say you miss me. The way you try all possible cheating to win in our arm wrestling. The horrible songs you listen in TV channels and say it’s the most wonderful song you ever heard. I fall for each and everything you do. My love, I love to spend hours and hours just to look at your cute small fights, expressions you give on my teasing, care you show when I feel sick. YOU COMPLETE ME. I always called you my girl and never as my wife. And you keep asking why. It is because I always feel you as my small lovely baby. And now I make this promise that this love will never change and I will keep treating you as my first baby who is carrying my second baby inside her.. Yes my darling! WE ARE GOING TO GET OUR PRECIOUS GIFT SOON! LOVE YOU THAN ANYBODY COULD EVER DO ON EARTH”

I don’t know when my tears touched my cheeks. I kept my hands over stomach. Our baby is inside.  Our sweet little world. The feel of mother drove me away from floor.

“Baby”, He called me from behind. I was not able to turn around and face him. I don’t know whether it is joy or shy or tears of love or sweet anger for the prank he did yesterday.

“I am not talking to you, cheater” I said without turning back. My voice was unsteady and soft than ever.

He hugged me from behind. I started crying with joy. He touched my stomach and said softly in my ears. “Come we will go to the Cream and Chill now”

And now I am here, carrying our seven month old baby within me.

“It’s time for boarding”. The announcement reached my ears for the third time. My parents are here to take me home for delivery. I was so happy to be with mom and dad at this time. But thinking of being away from him made me sad to the most.

“I still want to come with you”. He held my hands and said. He has an important assignment for his project for a week and he has to go Australia. I hugged him. I did not get words. I wanted to be with him badly. But I know it is his dream to take up this project. I did not want him to lose it.

“It is ok baby. Just ten days. Don’t think about anything and do well there. I will pray that you succeed in this assignment”, I said

“I will finish my work soon and will run and come there”. I did not speak anything. I know I will break if I talk to him.  He kissed me on forehead.

“Eat proper, don’t skip any meal” I said looking at him.

“As you say madam” he smiled.

We went towards the boarding gate. The silence existed at that moment understood that I started counting time for him to come back.

__END__

