LLC02: Love Letter after Decades

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

I still remember the exact day, when it all began. 16th April 2010.

It was just a normal, autumn afternoon. I lived alone, in a great big house. It could get lonely at times, but all the small teddies and photos of my kids were comforting. They had grown up, now. Moved on, with their own families to take care of.  I pretended I didn’t mind living on myself, but I’d always longed for someone special. A guy, who would love me loads and make me feel special.

I heard the door, knock. I was startled. I lived in the countryside, away from the city so I never normally got visitors. As I went to open the door, I realised it was just the post. I went through the mail;Bills, bills, bills… A Letter? Someone had sent me a letter??? It must be my kids, William or Ciara writing to me. I read the front of the envelope:’

it read. I was puzzled. Maybe it was the wrong address. But I checked the address many times and it was the same one as mine.

Cautiously, I opened the envelope. I delicately pulled the letter out. It read:

 

I smiled as I read it, then gasped afterwards. Who was this person? The address was : 

I tried to take my mind off it and made myself a nice warm cup of sweet tea. I couldn’t help myself, I had to write back. I grabbed a pen and paper and wrote as I sipped delicately:

 

 

It wasn’t long till I got a reply. I had just arrived back home and the door was open. I was very startled. Luckily, nothing was missing so I hadn’t been robbed. A letter was on the floor, next to the door. Slowly, I bent down, carefully in case I pulled a muscle in my back, again. I opened the letter, excitedly. It read:

 

 

I was so shocked… 1933?!? But..but that’s impossible!!! How could we even be communicating if it’s 2010 now and he says its 1933. I didn’t know who this Gillias was, but he was playing tricks on me. I replied, saying how there must be some kind of mistake because its 2010 now, so he should just stop pranking me. I knew it was too good to be true! However, a couple of days later I got another letter from him:

 

 

I pulled out the crumpled up newspaper. The date was 1933 and the headlines were all events of the past.He was telling the truth! But How??? It couldn’t be real.. Could it? I had to prove to him that I wasn’t lying so I sent him, yesterdays newspaper. I also sent a picture of my phone and explained what it was, just to show him that I was living in 2010 and that was a modern gadget.

I never got a reply for weeks. I decided to give up and carry on with my life. I sat in my room and began to read a Road Dahl book. My favourite author ever! *KNOCK* I jumped, the book crashing onto the floor. I carefully picked it up and gingerly walked downstairs. It was just the post. I searched for a letter from him and then found it at the bottom. It read:

 

 

I was so amazed by all of this. I knew it couldn’t be true, but I still believed his sweet words. We continued writing to each other… Months went on and we were suddenly in love with each other. I kept all his letters safe in a white leather box, held shut by a scarlet red ribbon. He told me great stories, about the past. How everyone is so respectful and well dressed. I told him about all the new gadgets and devices, how rude and dis respectful some people can be now. How the clothing had changed. I sent him loads of photos and explained what a camera was.

One night, as I got into bed, I had the most unusual dream I’d ever had. I dreamt that I was with Gillias and we had finally met. Then flying there in the air above us, God himself was speaking! He said, “Time isn’t important when there is true love” We smiled at each other, because this was true love! We both knew it. I held his hand and gave it a squeeze. He gave mine a squeeze back. We stared at each other for a while, then he came closer. I came closer. God’s great big voice boomed down, separating us “When two people are meant for each other, it doesn’t matter about the date, I will do whatever it takes to get the two people together”

I woke up. My beautiful yet strange dream was over.I got out of bed and realised it was 9:o1 am and decided to get ready. I got dressed and brushed my teeth. I was expecting Gillias’ letter at the usual time, right after breakfast. I had the normal tea and biscuits. My mind was buzzing. I couldn’t wait to tell Gillias about my dream!

The mail finally came. I grabbed Gillias’ letter and opened the envelope. It said:

 

 

We both had the same dream! Woah! I quickly wrote back and told him about my dream.

I had another weird dream that night. I dreamt that someone was telling me to wear a red long dress.

In the morning,  I yawned and stretched then got out of bed. After, I has brushed my teeth and eaten breakfast, I decided to wear a dress. I didn’t have a red one, but I could wear my deep blue dress, that I wore to Prom, when I was a teenager. I opened my wardrobe, then to my amazement there was a beautiful, ruby red long dress hung up. I picked it up delicately and gasped. I had a weird feeling telling me to wear it, so I did. It fit perfectly! I twirled around a bit, the dress swaying in the air. I put on my smooth, red high heels to match. I couldn’t believe what was happening. I curled my hair then put it all in a bun, leaving a few curly pieces out.

After I had put on some jewellery, I went to look for a letter from Gillias. I picked up the letter, casually. Inside was a small piece of paper. It read : 

I had to read the note several times, until it made some kind of sense. Follow my heart? How can I ever meet Gillias, we are in two different time zones!

I went to put on another necklace because the one I  was wearing was suddenly itching me and the little studs were falling out.  As I opened my jewellery box, I noticed something that hadn’t been there before. A necklace a gold, shiny, shimmering chain with a red heart dangling from it. I was stunned. It was gorgeous!!! I picked it up carefully and realised that the heart opens and closes. I opened it and out popped a piece of crumpled up paper. As I looked closely at the heart, I was astonished. The heart said 

 inside it!

I unfolded the piece of paper and it read: 

So when Gillias wrote, ‘Follow your heart’ he meant the heart on my necklace! I excitedly got into the car and drove to the church nearest to me, it was 3 miles away. As I drove, I could smell a sweet clingy scent. I  sniffed in the fresh air and continued driving all the way to the church.

As I got there, a few people started to stare at me, because I was wearing the long, red dress to church. I couldn’t care less at this moment, I was way too excited. I sat away from all the other people. There was mostly just old women and men, a few little crying babies and some stressed out mothers. Not much children, though.  I sat up and began praying. Time went on, so slowly. I occasionally looked around. Some mothers were now leaving with their babies.  A man walked in. He wasn’t with anyone. He seemed very happy. He was a bit tall, had dark brown hair, chocolate brown eyes and he was wearing a round-necked schoolboy’s sweater with baggy knee shorts.Underneath the sweater,was a white collared shirt. He looked very unusual. His clothes were very dull but his bright eyes and his perfect smile lit the whole outfit up.

He walked in very confidently and sat quite far from me. I couldn’t help but notice that every now and then he would look around the whole church and his facial expression looked very astonished. It was 5:30pm now only 30 minutes left. We were called up to go and receive the communion. I held out my hand and walked in the line. He held out his hand. We walking at the same time in different rows.

Suddenly, a woman standing in front of us tripped up. She seemed quite old. She yelled in pain. A whole crowd formed around her , everyone trying to help. The man bent down and comforted her. Trying his best, to keep her calm. He looked at my phone. I took this signal and called an ambulance. The old woman was crying in pain, we saw that she had twisted her ankle as she fell.

The ambulance came just in time. They said she would be okay, it was just a sprained ankle, no broken bones. A few people said thanks to me for calling the ambulance. It was no big deal, but I was enjoying the attention a little bit. The  man said thank you to me , without looking me in the eye. When he looked up , at last, our eyes met. We stared at each other for a while, then he whispered,”Jade?”. My mouth hung open. It was Gillias!!! I nodded then whispered to him,           ” Gillias? Is that you?”. He smiled. I smiled.

“But how? How did you get here?” I asked him. He seemed confused.

“You sent me that letter, telling me to go to this Church” he said.

” I didn’t send you that letter… You sent me that letter telling me to ‘Follow my heart'” I said. He shook his head. We were both so confused. He squeezed my hand re assuringly.

“At least, we are both here and we have finally met!” He said, still holding my hand. I smiled again. We both walked outside and looked up. We could see the sunset. All these wonderful colours clashing together.

“It’s beautiful! Isn’t it?” I asked him.

” Amazing! We don’t have such clear skies any more. Black clouds everywhere! Depression and sadness. Here there’s so much joy and happiness. Everything has changed so much! As I was riding here on the carriage, there was a storm! I got swept into it, but when I came out I was in a car. It was completely different. It was all shiny and really weird to be honest. But strangely, I knew how to drive it!!! I drove all the way here, somehow knowing the way.”

I looked at my watch. It was 5:59 pm. I looked at him, he looked at me. Then he came closer, I came closer and before we knew it we were kissing. It was a short but passionate kiss. As we stepped back, breaking the kiss I heard a faint voice. it wasn’t Gillias though. The voice said “When two people are meant for each other, it doesn’t matter about the date, I will do whatever it takes to get the two people together” I remembered my dream. Somehow Gillias was hearing the voice too.  It continued, “Time isn’t important when there is true love”. Me and Gillias smiled at each other, because this was true love. We both knew it…

__END__

