This story is selected as 

LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

“Where are you going?” she asked him, knowing very well where he was headed. He did not answer immediately. He usually never did. A blank, dazed expression had made room in his eyes for some years now. They saw everything but reflected nothing. “Posts…,” he said, trailing towards the door.

He was gone for a few minutes but Lata wasn’t worried. This is a drill he will follow for a while now, she thought. He came back with the second envelope, addressed to him. He sat on the living room couch and leafed through the pages. She watched him read for some time and walked away.

 ——————-

She observed him the whole day.  Nothing had changed. He spoke the same – in monosyllables. He spent the day watching the birds and the trees. He never emoted. He had his lunch when she gave it to him, his tea when she laid the table, his medicines when she said it was time.

The third letter he opened with a slight hurry the next day.

My love and admiration for you grew the day you put your foot down in front of my father and said, “Lata will study as much as she likes. After she graduates, we will tie the knot. Not before.” You waited while I drowned myself in notes and books. On the night of my graduation, you bought me a beautiful yellow silk sari. I got your name embroidered on the blouse sleeves. So silly of me! I still have that sari. It reminds me of our youth.

You got your wisdom tooth during our courtship days. But it was extremely painful. You had to get it extracted.  With a swollen mouth, you went mute for two days. Those two days, time stood still. During that time when conversations were the foundation of our relationship, silence didn’t do us any good.

 

————————————–

 He walked around the house, today a little more dazed. He sipped his coffee while looking at Bindu, the sparrow, his beautiful evening companion. Today she was building a nest. Something that intrigued him. Minutes went by silently. Finally Lata asked him, “Isn’t it fascinating?” He looked at Bindu and whispered in his frail voice, “Bindu is a big girl.”

He walked the next day outside the house. Many minutes went by. He came back with an envelope in his hands. He walked towards the dining room. Pulled up a chair and read.

 

 ————————–

When she walked into the living room after her bath, she knew immediately that something was new today. He was bent over, looking inside the fridge. He looked around but it did not seem he wanted anything. She walked over towards him and asked him, “What do you want?” He didn’t answer as usual. She said, “You want water?” He shook his head.

“Fruit?”

He shook his head.

“Chocolate?”

He shook his head.

“Corn?”

He shook his head.

She saw the old unused ice pack kept in the fridge.

“Ice pack?”

He stood quietly. He didn’t answer. He didn’t shake his head. He looked over at the ice pack. Then slowly, he closed the fridge.

The next day the letter read.

 

————————————–

She saw him walk towards his room. He carried the three envelopes in his hand. She walked behind him, curious. He looked around the room, confused but slightly certain of something. She wanted to help, to go in and ask him. But she knew this was not the time. He was in the process of discovering something significant.

He walked towards a suitcase kept next to the window sill, camouflaged with her shawls, bed sheets and packets of incense sticks. He opened it and dropped those letters in them.

The next morning, he slowly tore the new letter.

 ———————–

“Chinki,” he said in his frail voice. She came running out of the kitchen. “What!…What did you just call me?” He looked blank, his eyes were vacant. Minutes passed by, they became painful. She cleared the table and walked away.

 ————-

He sits in the veranda everyday these days. He sits and watches nothing.

 Today, he cried. She didn’t go outside to wipe his tears. She let him heal. He opened the new letter the next day.

I love you,

Lata.

 ————————-

 They sat together in the veranda the whole evening that day. A year had passed, some letters were hidden inside his suitcase, some others forgotten on the veranda table. Their 50 years were captured in words, but did they find their source, she didn’t know.

The evening they sat in the veranda. Something was different today or was it all the same. She couldn’t tell. She sat with him, watching the trees, the birds and the bees. She too, today, looked at nothing. The evening wrapped its wings and left the two alone in the dark. She kept dozing off in between. He never once closed his eyes. Somewhere between sleep and wakefulness, she felt a tingling sensation in her hand. She felt she was still dreaming. Slowly as she opened her eyes. The movement was gentle but not confused. He slid his shaking, wrinkled hand inside hers. Their fingers intertwined. For the first time, he wasn’t looking towards the vast nothingness in front of him. He was looking into her eyes, she was sure. She wanted to see those brown eyes looking back at her, but it was all dark.

A few moments passed. And then, the sun rose.

 

 

 

I love you,

Lata.

