Romantic Short Story – A DATE TO REMEMBER

Photo credit: 

 from 

I met him at a restaurant at seven. He looked really handsome wearing a white buttoned down shirt with a red tie and a pair of black jeans, it totally complemented his whitish complexion. I walked over where he was waiting for me. I have never been on a blind date out of fear, but now that I was going on one and the guy who was standing in front of me looked chivalrous, it didn’t seem like a bad option, maybe blind dates are not as bad as people assume it to be.

He looked at me with his grayish blue eyes and walked me to the table which by the way was the best table in the restaurant; the view was just amazing with the sky orange in color, slow wind keeping us company and pleasant music that was soothing to the ears. It just seemed too perfect, right out from some dream date. Well I haven’t been on a date since my last breakup which left me miserable so I was pretty scared of what might this be like but to my surprise it was nice and exhilarating.

Like a gentlemen he pulled the chair for me and then sat opposite me. He introduced himself “My name is Samarth and you must be Diyanshi.”

I just couldn’t look away from his eyes so just nodded in order to answer his question, I know that was really stupid but his eyes were just so mesmerizing that I couldn’t look away.

The next few minutes passed by us scanning the menu cards “what is your favorite cuisine” he asked me.

I was taken aback by the sudden question but I put my bearings together “Chinese” I answered.

“Well that is interesting “he said, I was intrigued

“what was interesting” I asked with a smile on my face.

“Turns out that Chinese is my favorite cuisine too” he said rather amusingly.

Well there is a start, something common between us I thought. He kept looking at me from the corner of his eyes but I acted as if I was oblivious to what he was doing, I was enjoying it much to point it out. After about some ten minutes the waiter came and took our orders. Now there was nothing to distract us from each other so I asked him if he has ever gone on a blind date before.

“I have never been on a date before let alone a blind date” he said shyly. Wow I thought such a handsome and chivalrous guy and haven’t had a girlfriend that is something.

“Well that is really strange, any girl would fall for you” I said and at that moment regretted it, how could I say something like this to him, it’s his choice, it is his life who am I to judge him. “Im sorry I didn’t mean to pry” I said.

“It’s okay a lot of people think it’s strange but I am not just that boyfriend type of guy” he said. This made me think if there was some underlying ache in his heart which now I could see in his eyes but I knew better then to bring it up.

To lighten the mood and cheer him up I asked him about his favorite moments of his life.

“The day I turned 21 I took my parents out for dinner and not only that I had brought presents for them with the money I earned from my two month internship. They were elated with my gesture and nothing could make me happier then seeing them so proud of me. It was the best moment of my life.” He told me this with riveting smile on his face.

“That was a very sweet memory and I’m really grateful that you shared it with me” I said blushing a little thankfully I was saved by the waiter bringing our food, he set the plates and served us our food.

I was feeling a little embarrassed but happy to meet a guy like him. I don’t know whether I like him but there was certainly a bond forming between us and I could feel it. We started eating quietly for some time only for him to break the silence.

“So what do you do in the free time” he asked me, well I was relieved that he didn’t ask me any question that would put me in a compromising situation because it was difficult for me to open up to anyone.

“I like reading and writing” I said a little embarrassed, I know it’s nerdy but I can’t help it.

“Nice so let me guess you like love stories” he said a little confidently. I was feeling bad to prove him wrong but anyways I said “I more of a science-fiction fan rather than love stories” I said looking down.

Hmm was all he could say, I think he was trying to figure me out but it’s quite impossible for someone to figure me out let alone in one meeting but I was glad he was making an effort. This tells me that he is intrigued by me and this may turn into a beautiful friendship which I desperately need right now.

After we finished eating our food the waiter came with desert’s menu but we were to full to have anything else so instead we asked for the cheque, soon the waiter came and he paid the bill.

He walked me to my car and opened the door for me, but before I could slide in he asked me if I enjoyed tonight and if I wanted to meet him again. Well I was elated at the thought of meeting him again so my answer was plain and simple “yes”. His whole face lit up on hearing my answer and that made my night.

With the thought of meeting him again and the memories of tonight I drove away and with this my most memorable date ended but on a good note.

__END__

