LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

There couldn’t be a more delightful moment for me than to see him standing with a bunch of roses clad in his crisp and neat uniform. I always felt proud when I saw him dressed that way. He scored a perfect 10 when it came to carrying off 

look. This reminded me of the day when we went on our first date. It seemed that there was another beginning of a great life. Twenty years had passed since we met last. We both had aged with time but our spirits were as young as any newly wedded couple.

He wiped off a tear from the corner of my eye and handed me a thick envelope. It seemed old and crumpled. I opened the cover in excitement. Kept inside was a bunch of papers. The impression of the letters had overlapped onto each other. I opened them carefully lest they should tear. Looking at my expression he told, “These are those 21 months of my life when I was away from you. I couldn’t send them across then. I thought of giving it to you when I was back but my return got delayed. Finally, that day has come.”

 

I stopped reading for a while. My thoughts were flooded with the memories of our happy marriage. Wiping tears off my eyes I continued…

I was so overwhelmed reading mere words. I wondered how it would have been if I had received these letters on time. I would have been anxious and excited to read the rest of them.

I asked him, “Why did you leave these letters incomplete?”

He told me with a smile, “You read the rest of the letters; all your questions will be answered.”

I had a tough time reading beyond this. None of the words were clear. The impression of the words on the front and back seemed to overlap. Almost eight to ten letters seemed to have been spoilt because of the moisture. I tried hard to read clearly from each. I held them up against light so that I could indentify some words from them.

Among these I could only make out some words that played a key role in describing his feelings to me. Found words like, 

, 

 and ‘

It would have been easy for me to know what was written as the person himself was standing right in front of me but I chose to read and understand his feelings that were written then.

The last few sheets had something clearly visible. Ajeesh had quoted a few lines of a song for me.

I started humming the song. It had been my favourite.

I smiled at him. I knew all this before he could express it to me but it is always better when doubts are cleared by the person concerned.

I was a romantic at heart and mind. I certainly had difficulty adjusting with Ajeesh but never found it impossible. I only had to search for those specials qualities in him which he wasn’t aware of himself.

(The first time he had used these three words together.)

My heart was feeling heavy. Myriad of emotions and thoughts flew across my mind. Tears of happiness flooded my eyes. I met him again. Today our souls met. We were at the doorstep of our new home.

Placing his hand softly on my palms Ajeesh said, “I only wish these letters had reached you on time. I heard from someone that a town had organized means to send communication across. I put these letters in an envelope and took them along but…”

There was complete silence. We both stopped each other from speaking further. I could see his Adam’s apple move fast. I didn’t want him to lose control over his emotions.

There was a telegram for me twenty years back.

“The newspapers mentioned that the water level had increased suddenly after the floods in Bali the day you had reached there to send me the letters,” I said softly.

He gave a sigh and continued, “I welcome you to our new home. My wait is over Meera.”

We embraced each other tightly while our parents mourning over Meera’s sudden demise.

Their match was made on earth but they will live it in heaven.

__END__

