Short Story of Love and Breakup

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Heyy”, Hazel said.

 “Hi”, Joe said.

 “Long time! How are you?”, Hazel asked

 “Fine, how about you ?”, Joe asked It’s been two years since we broke up. God I missed her soo much, He thought.

 “I’m doing good”, she replied

 He says he is fine but I Know he is not, he still can’t lie she thought and was giggling.

 “How is Zara?”, Hazel asked

 Joe eyes lighten up when he heard her name. Zara was his first love, his cat, he loves her so much but she is lucky she is still with him. I envy her sometimes.

 “She is amazing”, He said ” Just before two months gave birth to four cute kitties” He said with a bright smile

 I missed his smile, Hazel thought

 “Glad to hear that”, Hazel said

 “So how is your life going”, he asked

 “It’s going”, she said

 You were my life without you I’m incomplete. I just couldn’t think of anything with you Everything was different, I wish I could come back to your life, She lost in the thoughts.

 “Heyy, what’s wrong?” He asked

 “Oh, Nothing. How’s your life, Joozzy?, she asked

 Shit I shouldn’t have called him by that name, Damn me ! Hazel muttered to herself.

 Joozzy, she called me that. Wow. I can’t believe she still remembers. I love the way she calls me that, Joe thinking to himself and the came back to reality.

 “Life is Fine, Hazel” He replied

 Moment of silence passed between them.

 “Hazel”, Joe called breaking the silence. “Wanna grab some Starbucks?”, He asked

 Starbucks is her all time favorite. When we were together she used to say me ‘If Starbucks weren’t made what would have happened to me’ she was such a drama queen ! She could do anything for Starbucks.

 Her eyes brighten up,

 “Never say never for Starbucks”, She replied with a big smile on her face.

 “Did you just use one of the bieber’s song title?”, He let out a small laugh. She is still obsessing over Bieber. This chick is insane.

 “Belieber forever, Joozzy. Time for Starbucks. Come let’s go.” Hazel grabbed Joe arm and took him to Starbucks

 “As usual”, Joe asked Hazel

 “Yes”, Hazel replied

 “Vanilla bean with extra cream”, Joe asked for confirmation.

 “Yaayyy”, she replied

 He still knows what is my favorite Starbuck..He hasn’t changed a bit ! Joe came back with the orders. Both Sat down and were talking. Two hours flew away they both didn’t realize it.

 Hazel phone went off..

 It was Anne’s call she came with her for shopping she didn’t realize that she left her alone there !

 “I’m coming. 2 min I’ll be there, Anne”, she hung up !

 She stood up. Hugged Joe. Joe was surprised but eventually hugged her back

 They pulled back

 “Thank you, I had a nice time with you and thanks for the Starbucks”, she said trying to control back her tears.

 “I had an amazing time too”, He said not wanting her to leave

 “I gotta go now, Bye Joozzy”, she said and hugged Joe once again

 “Bye, Hazel. It was good meeting you”, Joe said

 She turned back and left, wiping off the tear from her face. They both loved each other but as they knew they can’t be together they broke up.

 But they never let anyone take the place they had for each other !

 Love is something that’s beyond anything ! They both still love each other and will always love only each other

 End.

–END–

