Love Short Story – Why am I so unlucky? (2)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Now, Sneha was at Mumbai. She was staying at chacha (dur k) ‘s house. Chachu was good and treating Sneha as daughter. He had one daughter Priyanka. Priyanka was very jolly and fun loving girl. She was very friendly too. She slowly became good friend of Sneha. Priyanka was doing B.Sc . Both girls loved gossiping for hours.

Time was passing smoothly. Sneha had joined good coaching at Mumbai for CA. Mumbai is good place for CA coaching. Sneha tried to concentrate on study but something was beeping in her. Yes, She wanted to meet Amar. Anyhow she was suppressing her desire. But one day, when she was looking Amar’s pic in her mobile, Priyanka had seen Amar’s pic. She started asking Sneha lots of questions. Sneha took promise from Priyanka not to tell anything to Chachu. After that, she shared everything with Priyanka. In love, generally lovers want to share their love stories with people.  It gives person thrill to describe own beloved with friends. Some write stories too. :)

So as now secret was open. Priyanka asked Sneha to call Amar but Sneha was hesitating. The days were passing and one day, when Sneha was returning from classes, She met with Amar in train. Actually she was with her friend Rashi who was friend of Amar. Amar was joining same class of CA Final where Sneha was studying. Sneha was happy but tried to control her emotions. Amar told sorry to Sneha for her behavior and told that he was frustrated because he failed in CA final second time. Sneha forgave him and story started again.

Rashi, Sneha and Amar started studying together. They were together at coaching, library, theater. Sneha had great time. Amar was so dashing, smart and clever as per Sneha’s thought. Same thoughts were of Rashi. Both were so influenced with Amar that they both started loving Amar. Amar who was not aware of these things understood all these matters cool. It was really impressive to move with two girls. Still he was attracted with Sneha. She was honest, innocent and more intelligent than him. She was brilliant according to him. Amar was still controlling his feeling as he knew that time pass was ok but becoming serious at the time of CA final was dangerous. So he decided to go with Time Pass.

Sneha had cleared first group of CA final and Amar and Rashi failed. Amar declared that it was only luck of Sneha that she passed. Sometimes ICAI made that mistake. He was only doing so to prove himself intelligent than Sneha. Sneha, who was in love, thought that it was only her one good luck in life. Amar was right. She had not prepared well but she passed luck by chance. Sneha was not seeing her own quality and intelligence due to these kinds of thoughts.

Sneha had now one group to reach CA degree. Her family members and her Chachu and Priyanka supported her very much. But due to thought in subconscious mind that she was unlucky, she convinced herself that her luck would not work this time. She was also feeling separation from Amar. They could not meet daily because now Sneha’s classes were completed. Amar who left CA course and joined job was doing daily chat with Sneha. He proposed Rashi too. But Rashi rejected him because she wanted to concentrate on study only. Sneha was not aware of this fact. So now, Amar has only one option and it is Sneha. Sometime doing timepass with someone becomes habit of person. Amar is one of those kinds of person who tried to stay engage with girl to prove himself cool and hide his weaknesses. He was asking Sneha to meet outside. Sneha was very traditional girl and not ready to meet alone frequently to Amar. Sneha was now not feeling right for Amar. Her days were passing in confusion. Sometimes she thought to break the relation with Amar but then she realized that she was unlucky and meeting boy  like Amar was her good luck in life. She could not let him go.

Amar was emotionally blackmailing her and convinced Sneha to connect with him somehow daily. Amar sometimes forced Sneha to connect physically. Sneha felt so bad and guilty but due to her victim thoughts she could not do anything. Sneha was used now. She gave her all to Amar. The love became compulsion for Sneha. Sneha was wasting her golden time with Amar. Sneha appeared for examination but result was negative. Sneha again started to blaim luck. Her family also became disappointed this time. Sneha became sad and depressed. Amar whom Sneha considered his love and friend was becoming bored from Sneha. Actually he found another girl in his office and Sneha was outdated for him.

Sneha was not aware of these hings but she came to know the news by Rashi. Sneha was shocked. The person for whom she had given everything  was so cheap. She was really unlucky to meet that person. Sneha decided to become free from these  daily problems and tried to commit suicide but unfortunately she was not become succeed in it also.

Sneha had opened her eyes. One tall handsome boy stood in front of him.

***

