Short Story Love – BEAUTIFUL STRANGER

Short Story Love – BEAUTIFUL STRANGER

I was standing at the bus stop waiting for bus no 44 which surprisingly was late today. Never had it happened before. So here I am standing at the bus stop with my headphones on and observing people without interest. I glanced at my right and then I glanced ahead and then again I glanced at my right. I could’t believe it.

She was the prettiest girl I had ever seen. She was speaking on her cellphone as she was coming towards the bus stop. I felt elated. She was tall, fair with long hair and she was smiling as she was conversing on the cellphone. Man that smile. Amazing. It seemed she was having an animated discussion with the person on the other end. As she neared the bus stop I adjusted my hair bracing myself to talk to her but she passed me without a glance. She was going somewhere else, then I heard the honking of the bus.

The bus had arrived. I debated whether to board or to let go. I waited for others to climb the I climbed the first step and a thought came to my mind. I won’t be seeing this girl again. It’s a chance sent by God. Why waste it. No problem if I reach home late. I alighted as the bus started picking up speed. I scanned the crowds for her  and there she was  around 30 meters away  walking at a leisurely pace. Her phone call was over. I ran towards her, then when I was a few paces away  from her  I stopped, still mustering courage to talk to her.

I started following her. She took a turn in an alleyway and I followed her. She stopped at a bookstall and started glancing through books. She still hadn’t noticed me. I too went at the bookstall and stood beside her. I started acting as if I was interested in the books. I started sneaking  glances at her. She still hadn’t noticed me.

Accidentally her hand touched a pile of books and they fell. Instinctively I bent down to pick them up and that’s when our eyes met. Can’t say about her but it was magic for me. I helped her keep the books back and she smiled at me. I smiled back. At last she noticed. She muttered a thanks, bought one book,  kept it in her bag and proceeded on her way. I waited for a  few seconds and followed her. I cursed myself for not talking to her.

This time she realized that I was stalking. She looked behind her and I quickly started looking on my left and here and there as if I wasn’t interested in her. She started glancing behind very often to catch me off guard and I started running out of ideas about what to do.Sometimes I tied my shoelaces, sometimes I used to turn around but I was more encouraged because she didn’t seem uncomfortable that I was following her. She was still going at that leisurely pace, so I continued. Suddenly she picked up her pace and entered a huge building. Surprised by her pace I had to run a few steps.

As I entered the building I saw that she had entered an elevator and the doors were closing. I ran. She saw me and smiled but didn’t try to stop the lift. I saw the floor. It was 6Th. I debated,whether to wait or to go up. What the hell. I had come so far might as well go up. I ran up the steps. It was a much needed workout for me. As I reached the 6Th floor huffing and puffing I saw that she was just coming out of an apartment.The elevator was still on the 6th floor. I descended a few steps and I waited for her to enter the lift. As she was closing the door I ran up and indicated her to stop. She did thankfully. She smiled and asked’Which floor?’. I said ‘Ground’. Now we both were alone in the lift.

I started sneaking glances at her and I am not trying to flatter myself but she too was doing the same thing. I wished that the elevator should get stuck. I was still trying to talk to her. She was smiling to herself. We reached the ground floor. It was a disaster.I let her walk out first and then I followed her out. I stood for a few seconds debating should I or shouldn’t I,then I decided what the hell. I have come this far. What worse will happen. She will say no or a slap. I can bear it. As I looked up I saw that she had crossed the street. Damn. I wasn’t able to cross the street because of the god damn traffic. I noticed that after crossing the street she had stopped and was looking at me.

I smiled and she smiled back. That’s it. What more I wanted. I couldn’t shout over the traffic so I removed my cellphone from my pocket and gestured to her to give her number. She smiled again. She  started indicating with her fingers from the other side. Nine she indicated. I fed nine in my cell and nodded. Then eight, seven, zero,nine,nine,one,three as I was typing out the numbers I saw that she had strayed onto the road and a car was coming towards her.

I shouted and ran towards her gesturing towards the speeding car.That she had strayed onto the road and a car was coming towards her.I shouted and ran towards her gesturing towards the speeding car. She saw it on time and moved out of the way but I couldn’t see the car coming towards me. I had run onto the middle of the road.The car crashed into me and I knew I was dead.The last thought which came to my mind was ‘What was the girl’s name?’

__END__

