Love Short Story – Love hearted… but never dies…

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a story of a Bengali girl(Sonai)who loved by a christian boy ..this was at that time when she just passed her secondary exam completed and doing very much fun with buddys in a playground. And they was watching some boy’s cricket match…. their was a boy (Sumit) who was playing the worst cricket among all. but Sonai liked the way he was smiling. in past Sonai never seen the boy. then they left playground.

(after 3 days again at playground)…

Sumit: hey why do you smiling at me?

Sonai:this is my teeth I can open it front of anyone. who r you?

Sumit: I am what I am. I am Sumit. by the way what is your name?

Sonai: Sonai…. you played very bad.

Sumit: I know.

Like this some how they did friendship. and within one year they falled in love with each other… and the boy proposed the girl. And she accepted. 3 year they were in deep love. they were very very passionate for there love… in Bengal there is a festival called durga puja. that time they had very much fun. at last of puja they meet a friend of Sonai… her name was Moni…

Sonai: hi Moni.. how r you?

Moni: hello..I am good wat about you?

Sonai: I am also good. Meet my love Sumit.

Mini: Sumit hello. by the way I have rush… bye… they left… .

after after 6 month. Sonai with a friend went Monis house to give invitation of her friends marriage. Moni was not at home. but Monks phone was there at the study table. Sonai thought let’s chk out her phone. they were checking her phone just for fun. but after checking out her phone she was Stunt. she saw there was a msg ‘I love you too’….. and the number was Sumits number.

after that she never met Sumit…. But Sumit really loved her and he was just flirting with Moni. but Sonai never forgived him.

after 3 month Sumit was suffering from chest pain. and he sent a SMS to to Sonai ‘ hey my sweetheart please meet me for 1 last time” but Sonai didn’t meet him.

but after 9 month she was missing Sumit very much so she sent a msg to Sumits number ‘ I want to meet you right now at our playground’ but Sumit didnt came. so Sonai went to that church where Sumit use to came at Sunday evening. but Sumit did not come. Sonai asked to father about Sumit. he told that Sumit is not live he was a blood cancer patient from 5 month. The girl shatterd and never forgive herself and never married. She gone to deep depretion.

__END__

