Short Love Story – Pillow Talk

Short Love Story – Pillow Talk

A blue light emanated from underneath the covers.

 The phone read.

I lazily twisted in my bed and checked the clock. It was a quarter to twelve.

“Awake?” The text read.

It was from my best friend, whom I had not talked to for a little over two weeks, following an altercation of fairly stupid reasons.

“M nw!” I replied, extremely irritated.

“Oh,” Came his usual monosyllabic reply.

I sat upright on my bed and banged my fist on the pillow- I hated being disturbed.

“Wat do u want?” I angrily replied.

“I need 2 talk 2 u.”

“Nw dat my sleep has been killed, talk.”

“I… I miss r frndship.”

“I miss my sleep.”

“Fyn, sry to wake u. Gd nite.”

I now started to feel guilty for getting angry. I was still hurt from the words he’d said. How everyone was right in hating me and how I never cared for anyone’s feelings, let alone his.

“Hey, hey. M sry nw, talk 2 me,” I quickly tapped my keypad.

I waited and waited. Receiving no reply, I knew the damage was done. I quickly picked up my blanket from the floor and started to make my bed. Suddenly, the phone lit up. I rushed to the bed again, leaving the blanket back on the cold floor.

“I’m sorry.” He said.

“R v going 2 aplogyze all nyt?”

“Haha. No. I… I’ve got nothin 2 say.”

“?”

“I’m </3” He said, ‘brokenhearted’ in the funny language of messaging.

“Y?”

“Bcuz I miss you.”

“Oh.”

“Iz dat all u’re gonna say?”

“Y r u still thinking of dis? V ver frnds n then v wernt.”

“That is the problem. We’re not friends. I don’t want to regret not saying anything while you are still in front of me.”

“Vel, der is a screen between us, XD!”

“Hey, I said those words because I wasn’t thinking. You know I never meant any of them. My mind was… preoccupied.”

“Preoccupied wit wat?”

“Some things.”

“Lyk?”

“Like stuff that I wanted to say to you.”

Now my heartbeat started to rise. I found myself getting uneasy on my bed. Suddenly, the room felt stuffy and it became hard to sit. I started to curl my feet and breathe hard. Seeing that he was replying in full English, I sensed that he was pretty serious.

“Like… just stuff.” He said and tore my palpitating senses apart.

“Defyn ‘stuff’.”

“You want to know? Like really, seriously, honestly?”

“YEAh!”

“Stuff like, how we shouldn’t be friends. I don’t want to be friends with you.”

“Oh vel, u must b happy den. V rnt frnds anymre. Congrats!”

“I don’t want to be friends with you because we ‘can’t’ be friends. Because love will always get in the way. I love you.”

And there was my heart attack. My heart skipped a beat and my eyes went wide. It was like a bullet to the head. All of a sudden, the room felt different and extremely open- as if there was a vague light in it. A light not from my phone but of a different kind.

After waiting for about ten minutes and zero replies, he sent me another text.

“Did I kill you?” He asked.

“Pretty much, yeah.”

“Oh, I’m sorry.”

“Itz alright, man. I c full English, dis stuf’s pretty damn serious!”

“So, what are you going to say?”

“M gonna say dat u’re a mean person 4 wakin me up lyk dat. N dat u got insomnia, man! also dat u can’t jst say stff lyk dat to ppl at dis tym of d nyt. also, I gtta hate u for mkin me fall 4 u lyk dat. :) ”

I smiled and waited for a reply.

“That! Was. A. Really. Long. Text.” He replied.

“Killin a momnt here!”

“Sorry. I just, it’s just that I’ve been so lonely and you were the only thing that could make a difference. You care more about me than my own parents.”

“Vel, u’ve knwn me for well ovr 3 yrs now n u shud knw dat i’m a worrier. N u mke me wrry, a hell lot!”

“Are we still two lonely people?”

“Vel, u’ve been lnely and I’ve been lnely. So, v rnt lnely nemore.”

“:)”

“<3”

That night, we talked till four in the morning. Talking of this and that, how we used to make passes at each other and how crazy it all was. Most of all, we were deciding on how to break it to our friends, who would be, I dare say, very, very and extremely shocked.

Love was the sheer heart attack I always wanted, and he was the one to give it to me, at a very difficult time of the night.

__END__

