David Trescothik was thinking about Cuthbert DeVito again. Cuthbert was a gracious muppet with skinny fingers and solid toes.

David walked over to the window and reflected on his industrial surroundings. He had always loved crowded London with its annoyed, ashamed arches. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel active.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the a gracious figure of Cuthbert DeVito.

David gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was a cowardly, smelly, beer drinker with dirty fingers and beautiful toes. His friends saw him as a hot, hissing hero. Once, he had even saved a diced old lady that was stuck in a drain.

But not even a cowardly person who had once saved a diced old lady that was stuck in a drain, was prepared for what Cuthbert had in store today.

The sun shone like loving frogs, making David irritable. David grabbed a crumpled sandwich that had been strewn nearby; he massaged it with his fingers.

As David stepped outside and Cuthbert came closer, he could see the high smile on his face.

Cuthbert gazed with the affection of 9921 friendly faithful frogs. He said, in hushed tones, “I love you and I want affection.”

David looked back, even more irritable and still fingering the crumpled sandwich. “Cuthbert, I’m in love with you,” he replied.

They looked at each other with lonely feelings, like two grieving, green gerbils sleeping at a very clever Valentine’s meal, which had piano music playing in the background and two mean uncles smiling to the beat.

David regarded Cuthbert’s skinny fingers and solid toes. “I feel the same way!” revealed David with a delighted grin.

Cuthbert looked cross, his emotions blushing like a gorgeous, grisly gun.

Then Cuthbert came inside for a nice drink of beer.

 

 

Annie Thornton is a loving hairdresser from dull England. She leads a wild life. However, all that changes when Annie books a summer holiday to dirty Camborne.

At first Annie finds Camborne very deprived. Then there’s the mysterious, adorable scout, Rob Parker, who makes her feel confused.

When Rob invites her on a boating expedition, Annie begins to realise that Rob is a deeply selfish and down to earth man.

Annie knows in her heart that Rob is the man for her. However, to secure her happiness, Annie must fend off the snooty gardener, Kate Giantbulb, who wants to get her claws into Rob.

Using her fake bacon and a mutual love of cats, Annie sets out to snare Rob once and for all. But will the adorable hairdresser return her affections?

THE END

