Short Love Story – The Untold Love

The Untold Love – Short Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

As he went on his knees and asked me if I would dance with him, giving my hand in response, we were on the dance floor, I was almost lost in the warmth of his hands and the soft music not realizing the song was over as I was lost in the thoughts of enjoying the love in the air and just then my thoughts were disturbed with the sound of the claps from the people around us.

The party was over and we were all set to return home, when my parents had to drop another grandaunt and asked me to wait, so that they could come and pick me, just then Rajiv offered to drop me at home and we exchanged sweet nothings and I reached home safely. I could see the love in his eyes.

Unlike the tall, dark and handsome, he was fair, tall, medium frame and of course handsome. We knew one another as children and grew up in the same town, though there were no attachments between us. Until at the dance, I strongly knew that it was not infatuation, as I was old enough to understand the difference.

On a bright Sunday morning at church, I noticed someone had been standing and looking at me for long, as I turned I saw Rajiv standing there as our eyes met, he smiled at me. Just then, my mother interrupted by saying,

“Hello Rajiv! How come so far?”

Rajiv blushed and said, “got up a little early, thought would come here.”

We started meeting at church every Sunday and dropping me at home became a regular thing every week.

He was in his final year of Medicine, while he decided to go abroad for his further studies, I started feeling depressed, with the very thought of not seeing him, but until now both of us hadn’t expressed what was in our minds. He flew to the USA, while I still stayed in India.

One day I was walking through my university campus and I could feel the cold breeze blowing and leaves flying, I could hear the song for which we had danced playing in my mind, I knew he was somewhere close to me. As I lifted my head up and my eyes met his, he smiled and I was happy to see the face.  He said he had come to collect some documents.  We exchanged numbers and mail id’s. This incidence had taken place a couple of times and then I received a couple of mails with sweet nothings and probably the distance kept us physically and mentally far away.

As I was sitting on the shore, watching the waves hit the rock, it is almost 20 years now that the wind of love has not changed and the love still remains untold. Although both of us have a high flying career and I in my mid career, happy and smiling, yet with a deep wound of the untold love still lies deep in my heart.

__END__

