Short Story College Love – Love adds colour to Life

Photo credit: 

 from 

It had all started when they were 17, the minute she saw him she knew it was love. Albeit, he was no Greek god just an ordinary boy standing outside college with his ear phones plugged in. He hadn’t noticed her walk by but as she did her heart skipped a beat. A week passed by and they did not see each other until that fateful day when she was at the tuition centre giving her test and as she stood up she saw him talking to one of the staff members. Her heart skipped a beat, a smile plastered across her face. he was enquiring about classes and timings. he would be in her class ,the thought of that made her happy .

The next few days were pretty dull she followed the same routine which included college which she did not like at all  and home where nobody ever seemed to believe in her or value her opinions. There was nothing that felt right except for the thought of the mysterious boy she had crossed paths with. She eagerly waited for Thursday to catch a glimpse of him. Soon Thursday came but there was no sight of him. Friday, Saturday, Sunday still no sight of him. Utter disappointment was what she felt. She felt stupid  for being so excited to see someone she barely knew. Maybe it was just a whim , a fantasy she made up in her head. But little did she know the gods had other plans for her.

The next week as she entered class she saw him sitting by the window, lost in thought. Her heart beat faster, she quietly walked over and took her usual seat by the board. After an hour of class there was a 10 minute break. The ‘boy’ walked out. He was wearing baggy jeans, black converse shoes, a black sweater over  a white collared shirt . Anina had never observed someone  so keenly. This was the first time she felt like this about a boy.

As she walked out of class she bumped into him , he apologized in a deep tone which caught her off-guard and she was at a loss for words. He didn’t seem to notice her flustered face instead a childish grin played on his face and then he went in to take his place , class went on for another hour when it was finally over she walked out to wait for her someone to pick her up. To her surprise he had followed her down and he also offered to wait with her and soon they were lost in conversation. She learned that his name was Michael. This was just the beginning of a long journey.

###

