Story of Love Breakup – Pieces

Photo credit: 

 from 

I think every person should fall in love with a wrong person once in their life….

It’s strange that people run away from their past or heartbreaks, but that’s how you become strong. You cry, sweat, bleed, fail and crave for a person to love you back. You struggle all by yourself and try to fix every broken piece but maybe it’s not always about fixing. Sometimes you have to let go, start again and create your own world where you surround yourself with positivity.

There was a time, when I fell in love with a wrong person. Once we were good friends but later on our feelings grew and decided to be in a relationship. We had few differences and thought we’ll get over it eventually. But we were wrong to even think that differences would disappear. It wasn’t even a year, everything moved too quickly leading towards fights, quarrels and misunderstandings. We still had feelings for each other but it wasn’t proportionate enough.

Moreover, due to our conflicting nature, differences grew day by day, fights increased, complaints added on and most importantly the trust was broken. Anyhow, we tussled to fix everything and stitch every torn piece of our relation, even after knowing that it’s not going to hold us together. It was the end of our relationship or should I say there was no “Us” in this relationship, it was only “Me”. He had given up very soon, leaving me all hassled. And during this battle of hardship I learnt how to be strong, how to fight for myself and ask for what I truly deserved.

Of course, it wasn’t easy for me to see him go. I wanted him back, I wanted to give one last try, I wanted to start all over again but I also knew the fact that none of this made any sense as I knew what the climax would be. I had sleepless nights, I felt empty within, I fought with myself, I blamed myself even when I knew it wasn’t my fault, I started to doubt my ability to love someone else and not only that, I lost faith in a word called “trust”.

Before concluding, I would like to make one thing clear, a relationship can be between any two people or even more. Not necessarily a relationship between a girlfriend and a boyfriend. Relationship is a simple term used for people who are connected and share a strong bond. A state of being loved without asking and expecting anything in return. A sigh of relief and satisfaction is procured when you start to value your relationship and forget all pain you had gone through.

I had made a mistake to confuse two different terms “relationship and love” together. And even though I had rough patches in my past, I cherish few moments because those were the memories which even today bring smile to my face. I even bet you can fondle your past no matter how bad it was. Life is too short to regret and hold grudges against someone. There are always going to be wrong people in everyone’s life, they teach us the right way to lead our life.

One thing I surely learnt is to not focus on your broken piece but instead emphasize on your completeness and larger picture of life with the lessons of those shattered moments. Moreover, few years down the lane when you’ll stand in front of a mirror, you will be proud to see yourself grow strong while recalling your past full of pain, mistakes and heartache. So never be afraid to have your heart broken, rather be afraid of not letting your heart leap out. Stop restricting yourself just by the thought that someone will break your trust again. Start to express yourself, be strong and fight back for the people who deserve to stay.

It’s definitely not easy but every little step will take you away from your broken self

…. because, someday this pain will be helpful.

–END–

