Love Short Story – UNDER THE GULMOHAR TREE

Image Credit: 

“Dadaji,shaam ko mere saath city park aaona please”, pleaded Sasha to his grandpa who was on his armchair.

“Ha beta bilkul”. Ram Rao, the dadaji of 6 year old Sasha always loved to spend time with the kid. Ram is a graduate in literature and  the former HOD of Maharajah’s college. Life after retirement seems to be boring for him. Watching his grandson he leaned in his chair.

“Sir,post”. Rao opened his eyes to see the postman before him with a letter. Well ,who on this earth will write a letter in this ‘new generation’ century. He read the from address which was not familiar and broke the seal open.

‘RAMU’,as he read the addressing word his heart skipped beats because there was only one in this world to call him like that. But it has been years and now what……..

“Ramu stop being a kid” and Lakshmi laughed her pearl like laughter.

“Lachu,these flowers are really awesome right?”She  rested her head on his shoulder and played with his fingers which were now decorated with the flowers of the gulmohar tree under which they were sitting.

Ram and Lakshmi has been doing the UG  course in the same college for the last 3 years. And their relationship was growing stronger each day.That day was their last day in college. Lakshmi joined for PG in the same college but Ram had to listen to his ‘high-class family orders’ and  will be off to USA the next week.

“When are we going to see again Ramu? Whenever, i will definitely wait for you. Lekin abhi tum mujhe promise karna dat you will never forget me”,she bursted into tears. Ram kissed her forehead and walked away.

After 9 years when he came back the first thing he did was he went to her home but was shocked to find it locked.He asked the neighbours and came to know that her parents had died in an accident and she was with her uncle in Madras. He hadn’t received any news about her. His parents forced him to marry but he refused. Many told that Lachu would have married and might be leading a happy life.Yet he was waiting for her.

Years passed but nothing changed. Ram had to marry his hamily friend and led a busy life thereafter.

“These flowers are really awesome right?”,he woke up to those words.”Dadaji, dekho na kitna khubsurat hei ye.ye kaunsi phool he??”

As Ram was not responding Sasha went to play.Ram read the letter.

 

He turned the letter to see a note in a different handwriting.

Sir,

This is from Kasturba seva bhavan. We were asked to send you this letter by Lakshmi Menon but only after she had departed from this world. She needed you to take care of her belongings after her death so kindly contact us in the following address.. May god bless you.

 

Sweat drops broke on his forehead and his throat had gone dry.

Lachu,my lachu had waited for me.And i…God will never forgive me for breaking the promise.

“Dadaji, yeh kaunsi flower hei?? Batao na plse”

“Gulmohar,its Gulmohar”,he mumbled with shivering tone.

__END__

