Love Short Story – My consort: my love

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was not surprised by what had happened with him because it was very common in the film industry but I could not take it easily for this time it was with my Abhay. My father assured him that everything will be the same as before. Somehow I got relaxed when my father believed Abhay and decided to flash out the truth.

We returned home. My mother was anxious to know what all happened in the jail. She was very much troubled thinking about my future. My father called on my mother. I tried to get in with her but my father catechized me to stay outside the room. The door was locked. Many things started scrambling in my mind. It was very difficult for me to withstand that piece of time. It is easy to face it rather to wait for a decision. After a prolonged time the door was opened. My father asked me to make myself comfortable on a sofa in his bedroom. My heartbeat, it was beating so fast as if there will be a heart stroke.

My father said” I will take care of Abhay here, but you have to promise me one thing. Your exams are near and you are in the vicinity of your studies. Your studies will be complete within 2 months. The legal cases take indefinite time to get solved so we both have decided that you go for higher studies somewhere far from this place. Since Abhay is related to the film world many people must know him and you are related so you can also be identified easily. I leave for you to decide the rest part. You decide the place and time.”

I looked into my mother eyes. She made a gesture to be cool. I went back to my room. I was so much tensed that I could only see Abhay behind the bars. My mother stepped into the room with a glass of water. We had long conversation that day. The next day I made myself prepared for all of this. One thing favoured me and that was our classes were over for the exams.

I stayed at home and somehow completed my exams. My papers were not so good but it was ok. I used to go to the college and before my friends ask me anything I came back home. I excluded myself from all friends and relatives. My mother handled them all. The day came when I had to decide my future.

I had a wish to stay in some hilly areas for a long time and Abhay was also aware of it. We had decided to move towards northeast for one year after our marriage. So I decided to move here where I am now.

When I completed my story I could see tears in many of friend’s eyes. At that time I could hear a familiar voice calling my name “Mithi”. All of us looked back, and this was Abhay. I could not stop myself and tears also came rolling down my eyes.

Abhay came and sat beside me holding my hands tightly. It was a long time since we were so close. One of my friends asked him how he could manage to come here if he was in the bars. Abhay said” Mithi’s father was very helpful, he met with my lawyer. The case got solved one month before. The film maker was arrested for it was all his conspiracy. In the mean I enquired about Mithi but her father was not ready to disclose, may be because of some good reasons.”

I interrupted him and said “this was only because of my final exams which will be starting from the next month.” It is really ironical that every mystery is happening with me in the last stages of my studies.

Abhay continued “your father said she had gone for higher studies. He managed not to say any further details. But I remembered that you were always interested to come to a hilly area, I enquired about the colleges where you could be with your favourite stream. And this was the only place for your option. I did not inform your father and reached here. I was not sure that I will see you here but why I came here I don’t know, may be fate wanted this. This is the reason why your father did not inform you of my arrival.”

Abhay enquired about my new look which was simple. I had one interwoven pony with lot of oil on it. I was wearing specs with thick frames. My dresses were too simple. Again one of my friends took the responsibility to narrate the story further.

She said “Mithi joined our university two months later. Her appearance was so dull that no one even tried to talk to her. But she never complained to this. She had made her own world and always she was busy with her laptop and books. I could know about her because we were sharing same room. I always wanted to change my room but warden refused to do this. For every small thing I used to get irritated at her. She never fought back for her rights. Eventually I stopped bothering her presence. I tried to engage myself in my friend’s room.

One day we got a notice that there will be a dance competition among the two batches of our college and the winner will be selected to go Mumbai for an international dance competition. We were excited for this but it was going to be difficult. We had the best group in our senior batch. But nevertheless we all decided to take a chance and go for it.

Everyday the practice was scheduled at the end of our classes. We were twenty members in the group. One day Mithi voluntarily said she would like to watch them practicing. Though I was not in a mood to allow her but I agreed. The next day we reached there sharp at the time that was scheduled earlier. None had reached the place. Mithi enquired about the song and dance steps. I never saw her eager in any of our activities before but that day she was different. I thought it will be a practice for me so I continued with my practice.

Suddenly Mithi stood up and came forward. She said” Can you allow me to put forth some steps for this music”.

I laughed at her, but seeing her curiosity I stood aside. I was astonished when I saw her dancing. She was like a free bird then. After few minutes she stopped dancing, we could hear some footsteps. Mithi went back to her room. We continued our work, but I was bit disturbed. Throughout out the practice time I thought about Mithi. Everyday I convinced Mithi to come with me little before all reached there. She gave brilliant ideas. I conveyed them to my friends. It continued till the date when Madhuri refused to come with us for the dance. She had some personal problems. Everyone got disheartened as she was the centre girl. I raised my voice and gave the idea of including Mithi in the dance, but everyone denied. I called Mithi from the hostel room and ignited her talents to come out. She believed me and started dancing. It was a spellbound performance. I disclosed everything infront of all.

The day arrived when the competition was to be held and to everyone’s surprise we won. From that day all my friends were then Mithi’s friend. One day I tried to change her hair style. She got annoyed and didn’t speak to me. I was surprised. I tried to talk to her but she started crying. I never queried for I thought it may be a kind of interference. Sometimes she acted weird. But we were friends. Now I understand why she cried that day, she was reminded of You.”

Abhay was stunned hearing all these incidents. Then I and Abhay stood up from there holding each other tightly and silently walked away.

***

