LLC02: Love Letter after Decades

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

It was half past six and the last rays of sun were slowly setting welcoming the pinkish hues with fading blue, when a knock on the door startled her. Though it was early dusk it was a little uncommon for a visitor at this time. Keeping aside the partly folded clothes, she got up slowly and opened the door.

“Sorry for the late hour madam, these are some letters we accidentally came across.  It seems they were sent years ago but somehow couldn’t reach the intended person. They are addressed to a certain Miss Aaliya, can you call her please.” Said the postman.

“It is me. And letters for me? Who would write to me? Anyways thank you.” Aaliya took the letters and stood at the door for a whole minute. Closing the door she headed for her bed and began inspecting the coverings, there were a million questions swarming her mind. The envelope looked rugged, the color too was fading and the ink on the cover was discolored when she caught sight of a faded name. A sudden sense of nostalgia gripped her, flickering with past memories she took the letters with trembling hands and began reading.

The letters had finished, there were no more letters anymore. There was a slight chill in the warm April air, it felt like time had stilled and tears were streaming down her face. Aaliya stared at the full moon in the dark night sky, her heart convoluted with a million emotions shuffling through it.

‘Twenty-one years’, she thought. She wanted to say so much but only the empty house with colorful walls greeted her back. Eventually the tug between her heart and mind receded. Rummaging through a drawer, she took out a crisp white paper and began penning down a reply.

April 19

, 1961

 Dear Imraan,

Words are not my ally anymore, they have deserted me. After all these years, when I had no hope, no faith of your return anymore. Life gave me a surprise, a very beautiful surprise. I finally received them. Too late, isn’t it? But maybe they were lost, my theory is in the fight for Independence they were misplaced. I’ve always had theories, you remember don’t you?

In a time when I should be writing mature words, I’m writing like a teenager. What to do, you still make my heart flutter like you did then. I don’t think I can continue anymore, tears of joy and separation are still flowing.

Reply back to me, tell me where you are. I don’t think I can wait another twenty-one years, I will be too old then to even travel. I still fail at humor but I hope this letter gets delivered to you.

Waiting and loving like always.

Your beloved now a nurse,

 Aaliya

…

Time flew by, everything was the same but there was something magical today. The rains had arrived earlier than expected and yet nothing was disrupted. The sun was going down and wind was blowing with a fervor scattering the leaves. There was a knock on the door. Time stood still like a sea with no ripples. It seemed fate was repeating itself; with Aaliya at the door and the postman on the other end.

Taking the letter and closing the door behind, Aaliya read the letter, releasing a sigh she  embraced it finally before laying it down on the table.

June 3

, 1961

 Dear Aaliya,

The first time I ever saw you, I knew love. Today I fell in love all over again. You were special then, you are special even now.

Flip the letter and you will know your destination.

Still a cripple but now a hopeful one.

Waiting for you,

 Imraan

__END__

