Everything that happens in this world happens for a reason sometimes you find it soon sometimes later, I am one of those who found it late . I am Rony , Rony malhotra . I am an engg student but I was not that studious the way I am .I was not that serious ,the way I am now. But she made me whatever I am today . Her arrival in my life was like dew drops. That stayed for very less time but changed me and my view towards my life.This is a story when I cleared my 10th Standard. Got the feeling of clearing first stage of life. As everyone says your 10th exam report will decide what would you become in your future?

So pull your socks and give your best shot .After this exam your life would be easy like Pythagoras theorem and simple like Boyles law . But my friends let me tell you this never happens . As you go ahead in your life ,your responsibility ,your hard work will increase. But amongst all of these,don’t forget we have only one life to cherish ,to love ,to make mistakes , to live . So live it in your way, do everything but don’t forget once we lose our time it will never comes back so live each day like it is your only day.

4 yrs back

 25th feb

 I was never been a guy who used to look at girls or make comments on them or play prank on them . Sometimes my friends even doubt on me ,”Are you all right?’.

But I always avoided them . Though It made me confused one day so much that even I started asking myself ” Am I really all right ?” Then I stopped thinking on these . As I have passed my 10th and entered into science domain I took 3 tuitions math ,physics n chemistry as I was very weak in Mathematics .Therefore maths was my priority. That tuition changed my whole life upside down. That was the place where I have seen changes in me. I realised how crazy things people can do being in love. It was she who made me crazy for her .

It was Wednesday and Wednesday was always remain lucky for me . No I am not superstitious but whenever I have planned my important events on Wednesday I have got positive result and it was special day. It was the day when I have seen her for the first time ,for the first time my heart skipped a beat then I realised what a beautiful girl can do to a man . Although I was a teenager back then .Her hair was flying like an aimless bird, playing over her face like a innocent kid and her endless try to keep her hair behind her ears makes her more beautiful but she failed.

 As that was the end of February and beginning of March so nice breeze was blowing then.Finally she took out her hair clip and fixed her hair. Suddenly she noticed that someone is looking at her and turned around then I have witnessed one of the most beautiful creations of God. Her eyes were like deep oceans which always drives me into it.With an almond Coloured eye lens.

Her nose was like a mountain peak .Her cheeks were red and soft like feathers and her lips were softer than rose petals and more pinkish . She was looking like an angle dropped directly from heaven to earth. That was first time when I was feeling very blessed to be in this tuition and I wanted to Pat on my friend Rahul’s back for choosing this tution . I was in my dream with her . When my friend almost dragged me upstairs . I can’t tell you . How many punches I wanted to gift my friend but at the very next minute we were in the class where first row was occupied by girls. Let me correct myself by beautiful girls . Second row 3rd seat was her. My girlfriend or dream girl anything you can say.

We the late comers got the last row . Our favourite place . As I told you it was Wednesday everything was going well untill my maths teacher asked us about our marks in 10th standard in mathematics on my right there was Rahul whom I call wizard of math another side . It was sandy who is also good and in between them me who is 180 degree of Rahul. I was not even interested in science still I took this domain just because my friends are there .

Fortunately I Have got enough marks to dive into science stream.Moreover Rahul assured me that he would help me if I take science stream. So I am here.I came out of my dreams from Rahul’s voice . He said he got 95 in math then sandy said 83. I looked at every one they were looking at us like we were the KBC contestants and they are our audience keen to here our answer . sir asked me “what about you? “.And I said 65 and he told me no problems I can make you better. After this I was more worried for my teacher than me.Because For me getting good marks in maths is like getting river in desert somehow we started with first chapter and my first crush ,love or infatuation……

–

￼

