Short Story Love – LET’S RUN…

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sun was saying “Good Bye” to all when I was standing on railway station with my luggage. Train was late by half an hour. I was cursing the railway minister for that. I was roaming around the platform to pass the time which seemed to be struck. While my inspection of platform I saw children fighting their parents for chips and cold drinks and some were just running here and there without any reason.

Then I reached a book stall which was flourished by the books of Indian writer who are busy in writing just about love as if there’s nothing left to write beyond love. Those books reminded me of my own love. I proposed her today, she didn’t replied and I decided to leave. I am going back to home. She broke my heart.

I started moving the piles of books from one place to another to search something which can please me then I got one. ‘Mein Kemph’, an autobiography of most cruel leader of the world, Adolf Hitler. That bring a little smile on my face. With confidence I asked the shopkeeper about the price. It was out of my budget.

I continued the exploration on platform. I reached the corner of the platform where there was nobody. I wanted to cry there. My heart was crying and now my eyes wanted to cry. Then my eyes fall on a couple who were madly kissing each other in the dark corner. Both were foreigners. These foreigners have made our country dirty; have fully destroyed the culture of our country. I decided to delay my plan of crying and again reached the book stall. Now my eyes fell on a book titled 

. Now, this looks interesting. I stared to take an overview of it when somebody tapped me on my back.

I turned to see and got shocked. She was Kashish, my love. She was looking damn beautiful. But why is she here?

“You are trying to escape, Sandy?”  She said while settling her hairs behind her ears.

I didn’t say anything; I was just looking at her.

“You didn’t wait for me to answer your question. You just ran from there.” Her voice was really innocent.

“I waited but you didn’t answer. I got scared so I decided to run from there.” I said while looking at floor.

“So, can I answer now?” she put her hand on my chin and lifted my head and kissed me. Well it was not a kiss, it was a passionate smooch. Oh, I was in heaven. For those 60 seconds we both forget where we were standing, what we were doing, what people around us will be thinking and yes about our Indian culture. We just kissed.

When we ended our kiss my eyes fell on the atmosphere around us. ‘Oh, s**t’ was the only thing came out of my mouth. I saw people staring at us with their mouth wide open, aunties talking about us in whisper, a man closing the eyes of his children by using both of his hands and some children teasing us by lifting one of its eye brows repeatedly. No one was ignoring us.

“Now what?” Kashish asked with a smile.

“Let’s run.” I said.

And we both ran out of the station.

__END__

