LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

I don’t know why God planned to meet you in my life. Our childhood, what a beautiful and colorful days! Those two littles playing, studying  and even fighting together. Suddenly, God decided our future in a different way and taken away  from me. Don’t know dear,why you adore my heart this much; As i’m growing, my love on you also growing with love as its nutrient. I was dreaming of you most often; but don’t know where you are; how you are; and still you remember me or not!

But suddenly i got a call from you and proved that affectionate people never be forgotten. You don’t know dear about my happiness; it’s in peaks and cheerfulness on cheeks.May be that day i lived fullest of my life. That day itself i want you to know that you are the best thing that ever and never happened in my life of-course, i believed that we were destined to be together and  i gave you an indication but your heart didn’t catch that.So, i preserved that feeling safely in my heart. Continuing the same friendship with you up to now.

Dear i want to propose you many times, but couldn’t able to do that because of fear.If you didn’t accept my love then my life will be waterless ocean, oxygen less atmosphere, tree less land.I’m sorry dear and it is strange too if we hate anyone we will tell to everyone without any fear, but we love someone we fear even to tell the person we love, though strange life’s accepted truth. Every time i’ll message you, mail you and even call you  but you always throw an arrow word i.e busy.

Dear why don’t you know that this loving heart expect anything from you except your little time and tiny attention on me. i went on this  issue quite often with myself  why should I?  My heart gave  a very sweet answer  like you,i.e   love and i want to be a part in his whole life. Really i’m sorry dear for annoying you so much. When you stay in my heart my each and every beat counts for your name, waits for your conversation, stays in your presence, like this making precious to me.If you vanish from this temple each and every beat of mine signs as pain to me.

Dear, have you ever noticed though we both are different individuals, ideas and ideals are same somewhere in our journey of our life feelings of our heart, melodies of our mind has built a sweet relationship between us and we better understand our differences too. How sweet it will be like this if it stayed as immortal!

Dear, i have a dream that under a maple tree in a meadow on the bench, only you  and me sharing the most sweetest chocolate, listening to the bird’s most lovely melody. Things around us should appreciate that we are the best couples forever. I don’t need anything at that moment just spending in that silent,close, deep blend of our love and the night comes the star studded sky and the full moon,the campfire again you and me sharing a cup of coffee together. Then the finest music from your guitar singing a lullaby to me and this baby lean on your lap. This is the cutest and wonderful dream i ever had and wanting from you. I know i was crazy a bit but i’m very much longing for you to fulfill this craziest dream with you only.

I want to enjoy life’s cutest small pleasures with you like a delicious meal with you, an ice cream, a shower of rain,a silent night with you, a slow walk on empty road with you enough dear these small rewards with you in my lifetime. Though i have many feelings to share with you but words are few.  If you are with me, it was a wonderful celebration to my heart dear.My heart even forgets my world.

Dear, do you know one thing, i took you as granted,means instead of me in myself i’m seeing you. I f i get any injury to the body i will be so much worried that the pain will occur to you as you are in me.If i look your picture also, some extravagant happiness invades my heart. My heart and soul all the day revolves around you and with your thoughts. Did you ever noticed that? may be you can’t.

Dear, with painful heart i’m asking you that why you always need my silence rather than my conversation? Because you never call me in fact you never message me also. But i always need your words and conversation. Those words make my day, months and years.I missed you a lot these many years and i want to cherish and spend all those moments with you.Could i get those? I’ll get might be in my next birth because you are so busy in this birth. Though it seems a very good excuse it kills the relationship slowly to the person who loves you a lot.  Though the condition seems so worse and so depressing on a small corner of my heart there was a small ray of hope that though you didn’t feel all my love today, one day you will.

Hope is the best thing in everyone’s lives it makes to see the invisible, feel the intangible, give the patience  to wait for a thing which will happen hardly. But make it sure, that time should come fast otherwise i loose you in me again.Life is quite interesting and harder too dear.Time and life goes hand in hand dear they won’t wait for none. some one ,somewhere is waiting eagerly to enter in my life to share my everything dear it will be sweet and lucky if it is you but not be someone rather than you. Realize my love before i miss you,accept my love rather than delaying because my love is like my personal diary only you have to read that.

Dear i need you so much once if you understand my love and enter in to my life i’m sure you will be enriched with life’s best love from me. I love you a lot and stand by you all the even and odd times of you. you will have care to the deepest, happiness to the fullest, anger to the lowest  and love at constant.I want to be the reason for your smile , solution for your problem and to accompany you when you are alone.you are my precious gift  and a miracle thing  that happened in reality whom i thought as imagination.

In your company i find myself as princess and you are my prince. I just want you to understand my love and give me small place in your heart and i love you without measure and i share all warm feelings to treasure  i calm down your pressure and i assure you life with me will be  pleasure and i swear that  you’ll feel be blessed and   i too feel the same with you and i feel  so enjoyable and fulfillment as if  with my family.I’m so much devoted to you and to your love.

I promise you i will be essence of your happiness.You are an extraordinary  person that i can connect with you at all the levels. You are an extra special and my future too. Whatever the situation will be, however the hard it will be wherever i’ll be, whenever the time will be, i’ll be with you ever and forever. This is a good promise from me dear. So dear, look forward with confidence.My giant wish is you have to understand my love dear.I need my whole life with you to prove above all.  i want you to stretch your arms fully and open up those for my arrival for the next second of your acceptance of my love. I want to be you to know How much i’ll love you only God knows it fully and i need him and praying for him to say to you about my true love.

you may ask why you like me this much though i haven’t done you anything? You know what my answer will be some persons not necessary to make some thing to impress other’s lives, their presence itself make them special. If a large quantity of cheerfulness was added with kindness and full measure of thoughtfulness was added and if it is flavored with essence of charity and garnished with love it’s you. It’s not a reason why i love you it’s a reason why people like you so much.For my love there are no reasons, no seasons, no boundaries, no limitations.  As of saying the people whom we care most in life are taken from us to soon.

The same thing happened in many lives and i’m not the exception too. I never sat with you perfectly, never seen you perfectly and never had a cup of tea with you but the time already came to take you again from me. The day when you told me about your plan to abroad i told you good luck  with so much pain. I was puzzled quite often with myself and again chuckled about my unluckiness. Dear, do you know another hardest thing that anyone never had and only i had, though we both are staying at same place and knowing each other and unable to meet each other. I hope no one should get this punishment.

Dear i fallen down deeply in your love and left hurt with emotional injuries.I love you you are my brightest star of my life.Please don’t leave me in dark.You are the one who exiled child in me, mother in me, love in me, you are such a special one to me. The biggest hurt is when you are ignoring me when i admire you than anyone else.I come to know that loving you is easy but holding you tightly is always difficult and quite impossible to me. Why i’m not eligible to this valuable gift? Why God always testing my inner strength, love devotion on you?He already knew that i can’t bear that pain and it’s very difficult to me to be separated from you so long.

i’m asking you with full teared eyes and heart, What kind of love you need?  and How can i give it you? I’ll give my sacred heart to you and i’ll give all the love owned by me will you come back?  Dear, what i feel for you seems to  have no restricted boundary.

Dear if you understand my love, care, trust, craziness, honesty,affection,emotions and dreams the result will be a colorful bridge between our two hearts.

Dear i know you are the linguist, better understand my language of heart, silent promise  can be renewed lifetime. Dear you are my favorite radio station in which i can tune  sweet melodies  of your love and best songs ever. If I could  all the power in the world to translate my love to every form of living: physical and spiritual, I would and make you to understand .

Dear, do you know i built a temple in my heart and worshiping as my Lord Krishna and having a giant wish that i should be your Radha and no one else.  But remember dear it’s very tough to wait for a thing that might not occur to you but it’s very tougher to give up the same thing as well. Understand dear, you are my life.

Please don’t debar my love and friendship from your life.Don’t worry dear, i never let you know all this and disturb you. These are the dreams of the girl who is more frightened of love and hope you understand me. Wherever you go just don’t forget all the good times we had together. But this is the best way i know to love you. One small request from me, never disappoint a person who cares for you, loves you, lives for you and even die for you.To love is easy and lucky but to be loved is hard and blessed. Hope you will be blessed grow with love and glow with prayers of mine.

From Your Dearest.

__END__

