Reasons to smile

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sanya sat on her balcony exhausted. It was a good feeling.. in the past few years her job as a legal advisor had left her with no time to breathe. Today she let the tiredness take over her.. she felt proud. She had been the ideal daughter going to Harvard to study law. She was a good friend and she forgave her enemies too..

 

Staring at the traffic whizzing past in the mad morning rush at her defence colony flat she craved for some coffee.. but too lazy to get herself to make some.

Reluctantly, she got up and opened the fridge to take out the milk and the coffee. The milk container was stinking and the coffee had expired long before.

Sanya then realized that she had bought the milk three weeks ago when she was home the last time for an entire dayyy!! She threw away the rotting things and cleaned the entire refrigerator!

The urge for coffee still remained so Sanya put on her running shoes and shorts and made way to the grocers to buy the milk and the coffee. After the things has been bought she looked at the clock it was only 7.30! An entire hour before she could leave for office..

She finished her coffee and opened the cupboard to decide on what she wanted to wear. She almost screamed when she realized that almost alllll her clothes were in grays, blacks and whites! The 20 pairs of skirts in dull boring colors along with equally boring blazers and shirts! And she had been proud of these for almost years now, each carefully drycleaned. Today was not the day for these Boring clothes!

She suddenly remembered the saree ma had gifted to her on her b’day last year!It was still lying in it’s shiny wrapping inside the cupboard.And no that was not because she didn’t like the saree she loved it but never found the time or occassion to put it on!

She dug the saree out of the cupboard alongwith her blouse and petticoat and lay it on the bed and went to bathe!

Today was different, She didn’t know what.. but she removed the cobwebs that a monotonous lifestyle had created round her step by step. As a first instead of her trademark black granny brassiere she went for a lacy pink one and an equally quirky pair of thongs replaced her panties.

Then she called her boss Sahil to say she was ill and wouldn’t be in office for the day!

Sanya had worn a saree after agesss. After graduating from law school she had let skirts and blazers and pencil heels be the norm and she looked buissiness like and classy always or so she was told! Today she felt sexy plain simple sexy! She let the pallu of her hang loosely over her chest and her well excercised body..

Sanya was beginning to feel a little stupid when the doorbell rang.

‘S**t.’ Was all she could manage to say as she ran to open the door. Standing there with a bouquet of flowers was teddy!

‘Sanya,what are you doing in a saree all dressed, Sahil told me you had taken ill?’

‘Acha don’t be embarassed open the door atleast?’

Sanya couldn’t think. She was very embarassed she thought Aditya or teddy as she called him would poke fun at her for wearing a saree considering he had never seen her in one!

‘Sanyaaaaaa, open the doooor’

Still in a daze Sanya opened the door.. and she told him yeah laugh all you want. I just wanted to go a little crazy today.

Instead of laughing at her he just pulled her cheeks and told her that she looked beautiful even though wearing a bright blue saree alonwith that skimpy blouse was a little more than crazyy! Sanya laughed for the longest time annd this time it wasn’t even the caffeine overdose !

:)

