Short Story of Teen Love – Bold and Beautiful

Photo credit: 

 from 

She opened her diary, it was her daily routine to note down how her day had passed. This habit was imbibed in her by her father and she will be always thankful to him. Tonight there was a smile. She started.

Her mother called her twice. The dinner was tabled and everyone was waiting for her.  That night it was difficult to sleep. She has been continuously thinking about him. Teenage is difficult. It adds more to it when you think about a guy and smile. She still wondered if he had noticed her. The clock stuck 1. She distracted her mind and went off to sleep.

Pooja was a popular girl, loved by her teachers and friends and that adds a lot more people who envied her.  But she was not self obsessed. She was jolly and fun loving. She could see him in the school campus. He was charming and could make others smile. “Why he would turn to me? There are lots of beautiful girls her”, she thought. This kind of thoughts strikes our mind when we are at least 14 years old. But to her surprise he looked straight to her eyes and smiled. She skipped a beat. It was another wonderful moment in her life. She is blessed, she thought.

Slowly and gradually their conversations started. They now felt much comfortable. People started noticing their company. The texting and phone calls increased. It was a like a dream to her. She never thought Rohan could be so humble and loving. He sang songs to her and she kept listening. And knowingly or unknowingly her grades in the class was decreasing. She tried concentrating but it was only Rohan who kept controlling her mind but she didn’t mind. She smiled.

One fine day she couldn’t wait more, she had to tell him how she felt. May be its infatuation but he needs to know. She has been drowning in the so called 

But to her amazement he responded positively. She was in cloud nine today. She couldn’t express how she felt. Her eyes were moist.

Everything was going smooth until she became a little obsessed about him. But, Rohan on the other side was an outgoing guy. He loved to hang out with his friends. Slowly these were increasing more and Pooja find it quite difficult to digest. Her grades were decreasing now at a faster rate. She had swollen eyes often and dark circles were visible. She couldn’t take it more. She decided to confront him.

Rohan was sitting in the tree shade with his friends. Pooja walked to him but he did not seem to care a bit. She was shocked. Pooja started, “Rohan, I need to talk to you.”

“Not now Pooja I’m busy. Let’s discuss everything over the phone after we reach home after school. Okay? Now please go!”

Pooja couldn’t believe his words. He never behaved this way in the last six months. She started crying and ran away. Today it was the last day at school as from tomorrow the summer break starts. She was in mood for enjoyment. That day she waited all long but he didn’t care to call. She was feeling a little offended. She decided not to call him first. Days rolled but there was still no initiative from his side. He did not even care to normalise things between them. Her dream was starting to break. She felt as if someone is waking her up from a deep slumber, a six month’s long. She felt heartbroken.

She unlocked her phone and dialled his number. He didn’t pick it up. She rang him for the second time. The call was responded, “Hello! What is it? Why are you disturbing me? Can’t you see I don’t want to be with you anymore?”

These words went through her like a knife tearing her flesh apart. Her heart was broken. Completely.

“I love you Rohan. Please don’t do this to me. I beg of you. Please” ,said Pooja crying her whole heart out .

But Rohan turned out to be a completely different person. She couldn’t imagine this in her worst nightmare. “You know what Pooja, you are such an idiot. I have never met a person like you (laughs). You are so easy to fool. Thank you for entertaining me.”

She couldn’t believe it was him. She stood still. She went in a trauma. Her parents were worried what had happened to their child. She didn’t laugh anymore. But she then decided its over, there’s no point of crying for someone who least deserves it. It was difficult for her but she managed to get over him. She didn’t give a damn to anyone.

The school started. Everyone has only one story to repeat “Rohan dumped Pooja”. She thought ‘oh! C’mon get a life!’ She digested everything. Now no force can defeat her. She achieved victory over him. But still there was something, a soft corner. She loved him. How can he be so carefree? She could not take it. How can she suffer alone when they both enjoyed some moments together.

She walked to him,” I want to have a word with you.”

Everyone’s eye was staring them. He stood up, she smiled at him. “I have to return you a favour”, said Pooja.

“What now!”

She smiled even more and BANG! Everyone was shocked. “THIS!” she smiled and went away. He stood still with his hand on the cheek.

“It was cool, Pooja” exclaimed her friends.

“I know. I was too good for him.” They laughed and the lunch break got over.

__END__

