Short Story Love: A boy named me – PART 3, The FINALE!

Photo credit: 

 from 

As the guards dragged him away he dint open his eyes, not even once to see where. They just dragged him and put him in a room and then a guy came in for investigation.

Investigator: Why did you cross all the barriers?? What did you want to accomplish?

Jack: Jane!

Invest: what?

Jack: Jane!

Invest: You are not making any sense and if you don’t answer my questions pro…

Jack: it’s my Jane, she is gone. I wanted to tell her how much I love her but it is not possible now.

Invest: How do I know if you are telling the truth?

Jack: I have no idea what so ever.

After about an hour of pointless conversation, they let him go.

The airport had started to crowd up but he felt lost. He felt alone in the crowd and demolished. He called up her number knowing that it was switched off just to try his luck. But little did he know that his luck had run all out. It was still dark outside and he started walking out. Out of the airport and had no idea where he was going. He was so struck that he dint care about the vehicles coming in front and even forgetting that he had brought a car to the airport. He felt paralyzed and he did not like it, not one bit. Finally he went to a bridge and looked down. Even the water looked dark to him. Without a second thought and with a last sigh he stood up on the fence and dived into the water. With a loud thud, he fell down from his bed rubbing his head in pain. He took the ring box and put it back in his pants.

He helped himself up and sat on the bed and he could still feel his moist eyes. Suddenly everything came rushing back to his head; it was a dream, a nightmare rather. He snatched the clock from the table it was still midnight and Jane had told that she wanted to tell him something. “Could the dream be true?” he started thinking. And as he kept thinking there was a knock on the door and he was not shocked or surprised to see her waiting outside. He awkwardly waved at her and she smiled back. He went and hugged her so tight and so long, as if he feared that he would never see her again. Well he was in that fear, a lot.

Before she could speak anything he kept his finger on her lips and signaled by shaking his heads asking her not to speak anything. She looked down but he pulled her closer and raised her head to see those beautiful eyes. “I am sorr…” as she started to speak again he kissed her and said, don’t be sorry Jane. Don’t be sorry for anything because it’s you who made me into a person this good. She dropped her head and started to move back but he held her hand and pulled her closer again and gave her a hug and said, “how about a dance Jane?” She shook her head slowly and he searched his pockets for his iPod, it was not there. He dint want to let her alone even for a moment so he asked her, “Which is the song that you would like to dance to?” She said any song was fine but after insisting she said, “one in a million by Miley Cyrus” He cleared his throat and said, “please sing along with me Jane because I don’t want to destroy the song entirely” she refused but after a while of convincing she accepted, they started singing and dancing and it was a melody indeed. Their voices synchronized so well that it was a treat to the ears. People from a few houses even came out to see what was happening. The song ended but still they kept dancing to the sound of the wind. The lights were off as it was the usual time to switch them off and it was an angel and a guy in moonlight.

After they finally stopped dancing, he asked her, “Do you want a ride with me?” without hesitation she shook her head meaning yes. He got his bike and they set off to a ride. And as they rode, he kept telling her the places they went to and the memories over there. When they passed a street which was entirely silent, he asked her, “do you remember this place, this was where you gave me a key chain” many memories like this he narrated to her as they went on. Finally they came back to the same place and finally came to a stop. She was in tears and said, “I have to go jack, please its already hard enough” He said, “Jane you don’t have to go. No matter what happens we can sort it out. So please don’t give up on me” she said it was not about him, and that it was her. Even then he told her to listen to him for a moment. “I am not going to bore you with a speech of what love is Jane, nor am I going to make you listen to some boring speech. All I want to say is that I love you more than anyone can love any other girl. If you think that this is the thing that all guys say to their lovers, let it be and I don’t care about others. It’s you I love and there is something I want you to know. I know that you are the one for me.” He touched her hands and stroked her hair. She said, “I love you too, more than anything in this world but it won’t work out. I know it and I am scared, scared that I would hurt you more. Scared that I would hurt myself more and end up hurting millions more. I just…” he interrupted,” shhhh shh Jane. You are not alone everyone is alone and scared. I am with you and I want to be with you forever.”

Saying this he went on one knee and opened the ring box and said, “Jane my dear I want to be with you for ever and love you, will you please marry me and be my wife so that I would have the most gorgeous girl with me for ever?” She was in disbelief that he asked her to marry him. She kept shaking her head and crying and he was still on one knee with the ring outstretched, waiting for her answer. She was not able to accept that he loved her so much. Not able to remove the belief that she wanted to finish it here but it starts up at the very same place. She was scared for even a week but he asked her a lifetime. Was this all right? She was not able to come up with an answer and everything seemed so incomplete and uncertain. Crying deeply she turned towards him and decided to say no but as she saw him, she saw his bright face, sleepy eyes, and a smile on his lips. She knew he had the fear that she may say no but still he smiled. She was confused but not as much as she was before. She went to him and made up her mind. She said, “Jack i don’t know what I should say. Because all of this just seems like a dream” jack said, “If this is a dream Jane, then I will miss you a lot when I wake up” She smiled and cried at the same time, she said “my answer is yes jack, yes” He placed the ring on her small ring finger but it was too big for the finger. Jack said, “strange, this perfectly fitted Amy’s finger, are you both not the same size?” She was standing there staring at him, she said, “WHAT?? AMY???” jack responded, “so easy to get you girls jealous” and smiled. She started chasing him and after a while they hugged each other and went into his house. She decided to end it there but that’s where it started.

You always know when someone becomes close to you and a friend to you, but when you start loving someone? You never know that. It’s not a bargain, its life.

__END__

