There was a beautiful girl named Samantha Rose, like a flower with pink petals but seemed to be crushed out of sorrow. She was an orphan and got adopted by Russel who has been divorced by her husband without a child. Russel was a very rich lady where she had a big bungalow and many cars and servants of her own.

Sam was very much excited to enjoy all new things of Russel’s property. Sam loved Russel very much and the way she cared her. Russel loved Sam very much in return and wanted to educate Sam. They both were great friends. Sam was allowed to pursue her schooling and she was very much interested in doing whatever Russel said.

Meanwhile Russel was in love with another guy Steve Washington. Steve was a great business man. He was a multimillionaire. They both created a new family with two daughters Alice and Nicky. Russel’s interest turned towards her new family. Sam started feeling so lonely. She couldn’t digest the separation of her from Russel. Those two girls were six years younger than Sam. As days passed Sam became a hurdle for their happiness. The two daughters were very jealous on Sam’s beauty. They hated Sam like anything. They treated Sam as a maid. Her room was vacated and she was put in a small room outside the bungalow. Sam finished her schooling and started working as a cashier in a hotel. She met her basic needs with her own salary. She was hurt a lot by her step sisters.

After few years, Russel had a soft corner on Sam and she wanted to create a bond between them. Then they three were made to join in a same college. Sam was smarter and brilliant than the other two. In the same college there was a very handsome boy Jane Carton who hailed from a royal family. Whenever Sam passes in anyway, people will stare at her, this irritated her sisters. Both the girls loved Jane. They both were trying to impress Jane in some way or other. But Jane neither stared nor loved them both, he was very friendly with everyone.

Though he was friendly with all, Sam was his best friend. They used to share everything with each other. Jane spent money for her by understanding her critical situation. Alice and Nicky did not want Jane to talk with Sam. Jane had a crush with another beautiful girl Vinnie who was also a student at the same college. Jane said that to Sam, since Sam was his best friend. She too liked that girl. Jane and Sam started talking about that girl very often. Alice and Nicky felt a bit pleasure when they came to know that Jane was not in love with Sam.

Sam and Jane started talking with Vinnie. Vinnie was also very close to them. But Vinnie was a calm girl and she always used to talk very less words. Jane and Vinnie started loving each other but they haven’t proposed. Vinnie said she was new to the city and asked her friends to take her out to places. They too accepted. Then the three friends had a happy life.

One day Sam and Jane decided to tell Vinnie about Jane’s love on her. So they two planned to call Vinnie for shopping at a mall, near their college, on the next day morning. Vinnie too accepted for the meet. On the next day Vinnie reached the shopping mall a bit early before the other two arrived. Jane and Sam were yet to get out of their houses. They both heard that there was a bomb blast in that shopping mall where they had to meet and Jane heard that more than 150 died in that bomb blast. Jane called Sam and Sam said that she was in her room. After knowing Sam is safe, Jane called Vinnie but Vinnie did not pick the call. Sam and Jane got afraid and tried to contact Vinnie somehow but they can’t. The city was in a tensed manner, full of security forces, heaps of dead bodies, lane full of crowded people running here and there, ambulance moving in and around the city where Sam and Jane tried to find out the presence of Vinnie. Though the city was full of horror, Alice and Nicky was safely settled in their home and never bothered about anyone.

Two days passed Sam and Jane was depressed about Vinnie. The next day Vinnie reached Sam’s room wearing a dirty dress. Sam informed Jane that she was safe. After Vinnie got refreshed she said what had happened to her for the past two days. She said that, she went to the mall and there the bomb blasted. She was a bit hurt, and stood scared and confused where to go. At that time a women came and took her to the women’s home and took care of her. She said that she had missed her hand bag and the mobile with it during the rush and so she couldn’t contact any of them. They took care of her for two days and Sam and Vinnie left to Sam’s room. After this incident they led a happy life.

But many were very jealous about Jane loving Vinnie and many said wrong about Vinnie to Jane and Sam. Vinnie felt very worried for everyone telling wrong about her, so she went to Jane and Sam and said them to walk out of her life as everyone was feeling wrong about her. Sam said that Vinnie was idiotic for feeling for all those gossips and she said they trusted their friend Vinnie. Then all the three were planning to celebrate Jane’s birthday party which was there after a week. They were planning to celebrate his birthday in a great manner. One day Jane didn’t come to college even without informing to Sam and Vinnie.

On that evening Sam and Vinnie went to Jane’s room and asked Jane why he was on leave. He looked very tired and moody and he said that he suffered from severe head ache. He said them to move out as he wanted to take rest. The next day they three went to college. There was a general discussion about sharing their secrets within them. Jane shared something about his school life. Sam disclosed the truth with a guilty feeling that she had a crush on Jane until he started loving Vinnie. But after that she tried to forget her love for Jane and tried to be a friend for him forever. Then Vinnie said she had no such secrets to share with.

The very next day Sam said to Jane that they need to arrange a party and gather people on Jane’s birthday. She included that Jane had to introduce his life partner Vinnie to everyone as everyone is thinking wrong about Vinnie. Jane too accepted that. When they both informed about Jane’s birthday party to Vinnie, she was overwhelmed with happiness. Then they started making arrangements for the party. The day before the party, they gave invitation to everyone and decorated Jane’s house as the party was to be held at his house. They went for shopping to get dresses for Sam and Vinnie. They took royal dresses and Jane paid for that.

The next day everyone wished Jane. In the evening most of the invited persons gathered. There was a lot of enjoyment. Everyone who gathered felt good about the party. Then there came the time to introduce his life partner to the crowd. Sam went upstairs to take Vinnie with her. Sam and Vinnie slowly walked down the stairs. Everyone stared at them. Jane exclaimed “Hey everyone, Look!!.. She is my princess” and bowed at Sam and proposed,” I love you and I need you throughout my life”.

Everyone in the crowd including Sam and Vinnie were confused. Jane then exposed the truth in front of all that Vinnie was a terrorist and she used Jane and Sam and betrayed him. She was one of the terrorist indulged in the bomb blast occurred in the city.

He explained that the day when he took leave for the college, is because Jane’s well-wisher and a cop opened the truth about Vinnie. He said after the bomb blasted Vinnie wasn’t taken home by anyone. She went absconded from the police with other terrorist. He tried to get the truth from her but he couldn’t and said she wasn’t truthful even to him. She needed a safer place to stay and so she hired Jane. He also said that but Sam was a truthful girl and she was always loyal and lovable to him. She even said about her love to him even without knowing what Jane would think about her. So he wanted Sam to stay with his life forever. He asked Sam whether she would marry him. Sam with a beautiful smile meant yes by shaking her head.

The crowd greeted them with applause and they handed Vinnie to the police. Everyone left and they led a happy life.

–END–

