Love Short Story – Love is my life

Photo credit: 

 from 

 Mom and dad were very sad. They rushed to the nearby hospital.

 “What happened to her Doctor?” My mother said. I lied in the nearby segment covered with a green cloth.

 The Doctor replied “So sorry to say….but Maya has 

”

 “What? Cancer? what will we do now?” Said my father.

 “It’s treatment is possible but it is the last level of her cancer. So generally in such cases, the patient dies in a month or so.But yet we should try so start her Chemotherapy from day after tomorrow” the doc said.

 I was gaining consciousness.

 “Nurse! Please come here. I need help” I said

 Nurse came and said “Say how can I help you?”

 “Please call Rahul. I will provide you with his email ID. Just inform him that I have cancer and I wish to meet him” Tears rolled down my cheek as I said these to the nurse.

 “Is he your husband?” asked the nurse.

 “He is my everything, but not my husband” I said.

 “What do you mean by this? It seems that you need to share a lots of thing then only you will feel light hearted. I wonder why you didn’t asked your parents to inform him about your cancer.” Nurse said.

 “If you are willing to hear my life and love story, it will take you the whole night…Do you agree?” I said.

 “It seems that you have a lots of pain in your heart which you need to share” said the nurse. “I wish to hear your story”

 My story begins like this-

 “I was just 12 when I met Rahul. He was my classmate and soon I fell in love with each other. Today I am 27, still waiting for him to become mine…..

 I had not completed when the nurse eagerly said “Why? Didn’t he love you?”

 I replied “He did love me. He taught me the meaning of love. He never left me alone since the day he proposed me”

 “Then why didn’t you married till now?” the nurse said.

 “He belongs from a inferior caste and our parents didn’t allowed us to marry and I decided not to marry without my parent’s blessings…” I said with a deep voice and tears in my eyes.

 “Okay, that’s why you didn’t ask your mother to send your message to him. Don’t worry! I said the receptionist to mail at the email Id you gave me….Okay, now continue your story”

 I started “When I went to class 11, my father got transferred to Delhi and we were separated. We were hardly able to talk to each other. Time went on, I being a studious child went to a reputed university and completed my graduation and post graduation and got a nice job then. Luckily, I got the job in Mumbai and soon found that he also works there. So we started meeting with each other. We generally met in City park which was near my house. I remember his coming late everyday and then giving excuses….”I said

 “He used to come late everyday? Why? Is he a lazy person?” said the nurse in a light note.

 “Ya he actually is….Then we decided to tell our parents about each other. And both sides of parents declined our wish to marry each other” I said.

 I continued to tell her every detail of our relationship and suddenly noticed it was 4:00 am. The nurse said that I should rest now.

 At 9:00 am, the nurse came to me and said “I have a very important message for you from Rahul”

 I said “Please tell me…Quick! Please….”

 

 Dear Maya,

 I am writing this last message to you. I am going to die since the doctor has declared that you will die soon.I will meet with you in the other world. Everyday, I used to come late to meet you in City Park and you never used to complaint. Today, I am leaving first and this time I will wait for you in the other world, without complaining….

 From,

 Your love and life,

 Rahul

 

