Short Love Story – Love above the heaven

Photo credit: 

 from 

I don’t know why? And what my life would have been! If have not met her. She admired me like an angel,did’t know how to describe her hmm…..she was so beautiful, pretty, charming, gorgeous and rather than this she was too hot…her name is Samantha.

Whenever I see her,I used to forget my work and stare at her, I was doing my schooling at that time. I saw her first when I arrived to Chennai, before that I was residing in Mumbai. My house kitchen and her kitchen room were opposite to each other. In order to see her, I always used to be in kitchen waiting for her.

I was on terrace that day on viewing the sky, I heard someone calling me “Jai..”

I didn’t turn back,again I heard the same voice with the increased volume calling me “Jai…”When I turned back it was a sweet shock to me, she was calling me. I don’t know how to react for that and was feeling shy to see her eyes.I was 17, everyone knew that a boy or a girl at that age used to get attracted to their opposite gender but for me she was not like all the girls,she was somewhat different to me. I thought that I must not miss her in my life.

I asked her “How did you know my name?”

She replied me by saying that “in my home often I used to hear your name as your mom calls “Jai” often from the kitchen,I knew that there is no sibling’s for you”She questioned me by asking “Don’t you look at my face and speak?”.

I didn’t know what to say,when I raised my head and saw her,without thinking anything I told “I love you”.

She was shocked to hear that and she again questioned me “How can you say like this to me?”

I told her that “Samantha,I was following at each and every place were ever you go, I am so crazy on you,please be with me…”I didn’t completed my conversation,she left the place without saying anything to me. It started to rain and after sometime on seeing her from backside I too left the place and got scolding’s from my mom for being soaked in water.

After few days I came to know that she is going to Delhi as her mom got transfer in her job, she lost her dad at her early age. It was my exam time, I am an average student and I tried to work hard because of her,I thought that if I study well I can get her.

It was my vacation time,I went to my cousins house and came to my home after a week.I was shocked to see her house door locked and I came to know that she had vacated. I had no contact of her as she had changed her mobile number. I was feeling a lot for that and joined in an arts college.

In that place my life was completely changed,me and my friends always used to move in a gang. I started to smoke and drink. My activities changed but I didn’t forget her. My friends were playing something in my PC and they asked me to say my Facebook password in order to know with whom and all I am chatting. I told them that I was not using it since last few years. Anyway since they compelled me I told them and they logged in. While checking my friends request I was shocked to see her name. I got her mobile number from her page, my friends know everything about me.

I was so happy to see her grown up pics. I called her in mobile but she didn’t responded. As we were free all the time,we were taking short films and luckily a famous director saw it, he called me and gave me an offer to join with him and asked me to work as an assistant director for him. I too agreed for it and started to work with him.I was enjoying that work as I was roaming throughout the places for shooting and I was also asked to be at the location at first to arrange the things before the artists come,at the same time also I used to call her by hopping that she would attend my call.

I was in Delhi this time for shooting,I was asked to monitor the frame of the artists in the Television which was kept aside. I was shocked to view that,I saw her inside the frame. I left the shooting and ran to see her. Finally I met her,she didn’t recognized me initially but within a minute she recognized me and applauded me with a wide smile.I felt happy that she forgot that terrace incident.We were speaking about each other,within few minutes she got a call from a guy and told me that she is leaving the place.I replied with “Okay”.

Again she called me and asked for my contact number and I too gave. I was so happy has she got my number.When I went to the shooting spot director scolded me and he was about to fire me,by begging for a warning I escaped from him.I had lots of doubt that “She as my mobile number,If she didn’t contact me what shall I do? Or else If she calls me what will she say”.

While I was thinking I got a call from her and she invited me to the nearby restaurant.I was waiting for her in the restaurant, she entered I was so pleased to see her face in that candle light were her eyes were twinkling. Oh My god! She was swiping out my heart from me and I don’t know whether to eat or to see her.We were sharing about each other and my mind was killing me to question this one“Why did you left me that day in terrace without saying anything to me?”I asked her.

She took some time and answered me by saying “Jai,I came to terrace that day for taking up my dried up clothes,then I saw you and while speaking with you my mom was standing at back of you,that’s why I left the place without saying anything to you”.

I replied her by asking“Okay,now no one is here,you can reply for that question right now?”

I know that she was breathless and she told that “I think that our relationship will be good until we are friends” She thinks for a while and says that”if in case I am in love with you, next second itself I will let you know”.

Suddenly this time I got a call from the director,I was supposed to leave the place.When I told “bye” to her,she was full of anger.I didn’t feel for that anger, I was so happy to see her face because in anger also she was so much beautiful.

I was fully thinking about her always and I don’t know whether is she thinking about me or not.The director made me as an associate director for his next film and congratulated me. I was feeling happy for that and the production house of that company was planning for a big event for the launch of that movie and gave me also an extra pass for that event.

I called Samantha and asked whether is she free on that day. She told that she is not free.When I told her regarding that event,she told that she would come for sure. I don’t know why all girls are like that. I was standing near the stage and was busy in my work. I didn’t saw her,at the end of function I met her and she thanked me for inviting her.

After few days she called me to her home.I was in Goa at that time in shoot.I told her that I can’t come as I was busy with my work. She ended the call without saying “bye” to me. After the shoot I immediately went to her home and was shocked to hear the news that her mom as died. From her childhood, her world was only her mom. She hesitated to see my face when I was about to leave her home, she hugged me from my back with tears. I invited her to my home,she didn’t reply for it. I consoled her as she was weeping a lot.

She came to my home for first time and she gave a strange look on seeing my room as my room was untidy with smoke ashes and beer bottles.I felt ashamed at that moment and tried to control myself by leaving those bad habbits. I arranged a separate room for her and she asked me to sleep next to her. I felt shy,lied next to her. She didn’t allowed me to sleep as she was fully saying about her mom. I felt happy at that moment as well as sad.

I went out of work and she too left my home. After few days,I told my director that I am going to do a film. He congratulated me and told that “If you are in need of help contact me without any guiltiness”.

When I went to my home I was shocked to see my house door opened and heard vessels noise inside in my kitchen. It was her, I did not had any idea,what she was doing there? Before I questioned her she told me that she wants to cook lunch for me, I don’t know why she was preparing and thought that she is going to propose me.We had lunch together and I enquired her regarding the house door,with a smile she told that “I just broke it”.

The lunch which she prepared was really delicious and I did not knew that she would cook well and thanked her by saying “Thanks for the lunch Samantha,do you know something because of you only I studied well,before seeing you I was just a below average student and I am in this good position right now,its all because of you” and also told her that I am going to make my debut film and also told that for that film you are going to act as an actress. She was listening to me with a wide smile and when I told about actress she opened her mouth widely and told that she can’t. Later I convinced her and she too accepted to act.

Days were passing on and I was about to complete my script. It was night time,she came to my home and told that “I am not feeling sleepy Jai,can I sleep in your house tonight?”.

I too accepted for it.In my house painting works were going on,only one room was free,there were just two pillows and we both were sleeping together in that room.I always have an habit of hugging and sleeping a pillow from childhood. She was having my pillow,at morning when I woke up I was shocked as I was hugging and sleeping her. She too knows that I was hugging her and she didn’t asked me anything about it.

Someone was knocking my house door,as I was cleaning my home,she opened the door.It was a sweet shock to me as my parents were standing out. She left the home without saying anything to me. As only one room was free my parents went inside that room, I bought some water to them and I don’t know what to say to them.They left the home that night itself, again that night I called her to my home for saying the full script to her but she told that she can’t come. So I went to her home,when she opened the door she gave me a different reaction.Then she enquired to me about my mom’s reaction, I told that she didn’t asked anything about it.

Until now she is not in love with me and I too don’t know why I am texting,calling,staying and roaming with her often. After saying the full script to her, I got a producer to produce my film and started to film.The producer was not happy with her name as ‘Samantha’ name is already there in the cinema field, so we changed her name to Anusha. The film also came out well and ran successfully. After the success she became famous around the state and I was in cloud nine at that moment.

I was preparing for my next film and she was busy in acting,we didn’t met often as before.When I went to her house for saying my next script,I was asked to wait in her waiting hall,I didn’t like that behaviour from her.When I saw her she was not in an interest to listen my script and told that “my dates are full,I can’t act in your film”.

I left her home without saying anything. After few days she came to my home with an engagement invitation.The invitation had her name and I was somewhat nervous to see the groom’s name,my name was there. I don’t know what she was planning and I questioned her “What are you coming to say Samantha? You are not like before.”

She kept her hands on my mouth and told that “I think that we must move on our relationship to next level Jai,Jai we were good friends and why can’t we be a good husband and wife,we have good understanding with each other why shall we marry!”.

I was happy and accepted to her request.I asked her for her sudden change in behaviour and her hesitations on me before.Just with a smile she told me that “I don’t want to act after the marriage for that only I am not accepting to any new projects. Just in order to puzzle you I did like that”.

Now we both became so close and were roaming that day fully.It was like a dream for me as she was again sleeping next to me,this time on seeing me she threw her pillow away from the room and was sharing with my pillow. Always I used to hug and sleep now there was just a pillow….what would have happened then? I was so happy,finally I got her in my life,we are married right now.

I was so carrying her like princess but I didn’t got more time as before to spend with her and she too understands my situation but whenever I am in home I won’t thing about anything and simply used to enjoy my time with her.She made a restriction to me by saying that “no electronics item must be allowed in our bed room as it might affect us,these electronics is spoiling our generations right now,we must have a peaceful life”.

I too agreed for that deal as it is a really known fact and an important thing.When I am in home she used to speak with me throughout the night and I also used to speak with her.We both were delighted at that moment as she was pregnant.It was a difficult situation for her and for me also,I was unable to see her in that breathless condition.By god’s grace we were gifted with a small princes which made our life more colourful than before.We were happily enjoying our life with our small girl and the love on our small girl is always above the heaven.

__END__

