Romantic Short Story – LOVE EXITS!

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Reach for the stars had always urged Aaliya to work. She never wanted to be dependent on anyone for anything. Though she was not very happy with her life but her ambition to reach for the stars was never of flying high in the sky as she feared of falling down but it was just an ambition to get a secured and happy life.

Aaliya was a big city girl. She had always wanted to be independent, to be rich and not depend on anyone for anything ever. Her deepest fear was that if she loved someone very deeply then she would not be able to able to move on in life even when she would get an opportunity.

So, she never let her feelings matter even to her own self. She always preferred work over sleep, partying over making love and flirting over serious relationships. But she never played with anyone’s feelings. She was a friendly-busy-free-girl.

She loved her mom and dad. But their relationship was not much like of a husband & wife. She never ever saw their love for each other, but as if each of two linked to one another just for the sake of the bond that had tied them “MARRIAGE”.

In her world, Aaliya had been always very close to her mother, she was always in a great desire to make her mother strong at heart. She was not afraid of anything but yes, of course! She was afraid of GHOSTS!

One day at her office party , she met with a boy and had friendly chats , enjoyed the party together and became friends.

Richard , as his name was kept contact with Aaliya while Aaliya had already started liking him. For the first time, Aaliya had liked someone in her life and his appearance made a mark on her, in her heart.

As their friendship got deeper.., she did not even realise when did she actually started trusting him more than herself..

He proposed Aaliya one day and she agreed. but he always kept his attitude on, as if he was special & Aaliya would have to worship God for getting him. He became very arrogant , and his rudeness increased with time..

Aaliya however did not mind it, though deep at heart she was always unhappy for such a rude attitude of his. He did not ever showed Aaliya any love. LOVE what we mean as LOVE-LIFE….etc.

It was as if Aaliya was nothing more than his girlfriend, a way to get pleasure & spent leisure time, no deep feelings for her.

He quarrelled over with her for petty matter to cover over for his own mistakes like asking her to come for a date and not coming himself but blame Aaliya that he left because she was late.

Aaliya felt as if the smoothness of her life lost. She was pulled by chains of deep trust & feelings she had then. For him & as if she could neither love him or ignore him. His attitude hurt her heart. He kept his mobile phone off for few days, ignored her whenever he liked and suddenly, one day he would sent her message telling sorry.

Many times this happened Aaliya by now had realised that he did not loved her, he actually never loved her but it was his lust for her.

He even had told her that if she did not meet her every day, he would forget her face as Aaliya could not meet him because of pressure for work.

Aaliya finally decided to move on from this pathetic relationship. It must have to be let over.

She lost her mobile phone one day while returning from office and it was all over. She was upset, unhappy but relieved to loose her mobile.

She then decided never to love anyone ever. But all these had made her inside worse. She felt as if life was smiling at her, making fun of her to be failing with the only stupid guy in the entire world. This was all that she got in her wish to reach for the stars to get a happy life. She went to a bar and she drank a lot that night. She drank till she could not no more and the bar-tender had to request her and take her to her car. But she was completely drunk.

Bar-tender called the Boss’s son and told him of the situation as he was unable to decide what to do.

He came driving his car hurriedly, saw the girl lying drunk and asleep on the bar table and fell in love with her at his first sight. He was completely in her and lost his nerves. At once he wanted her forever crazily. He took her to his home seeing her terrible condition and understood that some terrible thing must have happened with her.

He did not want to ask her all things unless she told it to him herself.

She woke up the next morning from bed and found herself in a big room wearing a white shirt over her sleeveless frock and lying in a bed in an unknown house and where an unknown maid serves her a big mug of coffee.

She gets up, though her head felt very heavy and searches for her mobile phone but it was not there nowhere on the bed. Then she remembers

She had lost it and with that memory all her past memories starts flashing back one by one.

She stares out of the window forgetting all about her-self and where she was.

Abhay, the boy comes in and again his love for her strikes him in his heart. She did not even notice him.

He comes and sits on the bed next to her and stares at her, as if, if possible he would suck out all her pains that are bothering her. She suddenly felt someone’s presence and saw him staring at her. .

She got up quickly and left his house. He later on saw a note on the table written ‘Thank You’. She did not even write her name and next morning he received a parcel and an opening it saw it was his shirt that he put on the girl last night. She did not put her name on it, as she did not wanted to be happy any more. She was afraid of her own self. Aaliya was however not normal, she was depressed and her ego, her trust all were hurt very deeply and her heart was torn.

She took two weeks holiday from work and decided to enjoy with old days for a few days.

She called all of them at her place for lunch and then at evening went to the club.

She told the bar tender ‘sorry’ for the last night, giving him a thousand rupees note but the bar tender hadn’t minded for anything so did not take the money. As they were all partying and drinking. Abhay by coincidence passed by the bar so decided to tell the bar tender to inform him whenever the girl comes for next time. As he entered he saw the girl, dressed in red drape dress.

She was looking cute and was enjoying with a smile on her face, still her smile wasn’t reaching her eyes. He decided to speak with the girl, but suddenly the sound of gun-shot and came from nowhere.

People were running randomly everywhere and one of the gun-shot pierced Aaliya’s leg..! She fell down and fainted at once!

Abhay ran to her like mad! Took her and immediately went out of the bar through the underground secret opening known and used only by people in-charge of the bar only for emergency purpose and took her to hospital.

After three hours of operation doctor came out told him, she was fine but her leg was very weak because the bone was injured by the gun-shot. He took care of her and fed her, stayed awake for two nights for her.

Next day……. it was morning, Aaliya got up and tried to get out and walk, there was no one in the room but her leg was still very weak to hold her weight, she was about to fall when Abhay from nowhere caught her. He had went out to buy flowers for her, however he caught Aaliya and took her to bed, told her not to give pressure on leg.

Aaliya told ‘Thank You’ for caring and that she would return all the money that he was spending on her as soon as she gets well!

He grabbed her by arms and told her ‘I Love you, i don’t want anything but you! Please accept me as your Life Partner!!!’

Aaliya kept quiet but tears trickled down from her eyes. He became nervous! He knew something very worse must have happened but couldn’t be as to see tears in her eyes.

She told all her past to him and told him to leave her alone. So, he left. Then, by and by her leg was well and she was able to walk. She resumed work and returned all the money to the Abhay’s address with a ‘Thank You’ note , but this time, with her name and address .

Abhay took his mother to Aaliya’s home to request her to marry him as he couldn’t stop loving her. Aaliya then decided to spend few days with him before she decides to marry. They spent two months together.

Aaliya realised that life has given her a second chance as Abhay loved him deeply. So, she agreed to marry him. They both got married and lived together happily ever after.

__END__

