Love Short Story – The Story of silly Ria…..

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Ria thought this time she is right. She is on the right path. The decision she is taking is the decision of her life. She thought “every time when I went to my gut feeling it went wrong then why don’t I go with the decision of my loved ones – my parents, family & friends”.

But after few days of the declaration of her decision she got to know that when your heart and soul is not with you, don’t listen to what your mind is telling you to do. But then it was too late. She had to marry him and she got married. She was forced to marry him and then her mind said – “Ria you are getting confused darling, things will go fine”.

With time Ria tried to change herself but she felt as if she is choked as nothing went right. Fighting with her emotions she just ended up with sadness and depression. And just after few months she asked for divorce. Is this what destiny wanted Ria to experience? Ria regret for her decision, why she didn’t listened to her heart? He is not the man of her dreams ….a total different person for what she expected her life partner to be. Ria regrets and just think of those beautiful days she had spend with her love…

Her love and not her so called husband…..Yes Ria misses her boyfriend, her best friend, her love. He was everything to Ria and she took the decision because he wanted her to move on.But moving on couldn’t make Ria to move on with her feelings. Feelings which she had for him. Feeling of love, togetherness, happiness. He was her life and her life revolved around him. But he never thought of it. He said he don’t want to loose her. He said that god had decided this for both of them. He said its better to go with destiny. Ria followed him and agreed to his decision.

She went for marriage with the man whom her parents decided to get married to. But she never came out of that pain and love. She was not able to accept him. She was sad , she was not able to accept him,to love him like she used to love her boyfriend. Everyday was a painful one, all her dreams ended up. With time she found he is not the one she imagined to be with. He never tried to understand Ria.

Ria was all broken. Ria felt she had nothing in her life. Ria felt lonely in this world. No one tried to understand Ria. She was in pain.And then she went to take this decision of her life. To die ofcourse………

She was all broken she had to paths-to die to or to get divorce….she chose to get divorced.

Now she is alone…..

–END–

