Short Story of Broken Heart – My Opened Doors

Short Story – My Opened Doors

Photo credit: 

 from 

It has been 10 years since that fight. 10 years, 120 months, 520 weeks, 3650 days. Sounds too long, doesn’t it? Believe me, it felt like I spent my whole life.

“ I trusted you , Gerry” I wept

“ I never asked you too” he snapped

“ How could you say that ?”

“ Look , I think we should get some distance”

“ Distance ? You know you mean the world to me.” I said, trying to control my moans.

“Well, to me, you don’t, now. There’s someone else.”

“ So those last few months mean nothing to you?”

“ Let’s not talk about it and move on”

“So this is it?”

It was the last conversation we ever had till now. Our last shared words. He nodded. I expected it to be an abashed one but I was proved wrong. He was not ashamed to leave me with such an explanation. He seemed so off-the-cuff. Like I was never his’. Like the “thing” between us never existed.

He slammed the door behind me and left the house forever.

That moment shattered me into pieces. Smashed me. That sound of the door felt like a tight slap to my sentiments. I stood there trying to make myself realize that he was just a mistake , a silly one .. but accepting this fact was the hardest thing I’d ever done .I stood there trying to pretend like he was still there and everything was alright but my tears didn’t let me get into that fake fantasy. That whole day I never moved. I just sat on the floor sticking my back to the wall and my face between my knees. When I said him that he was everything to me, I meant it to the core of my heart, I accepted him as my one and only soul mate.

I went into the times when he felt the earth in my arms.

Few days later, I got to know from somewhere that he never found anyone and murdered himself the very next night after our fight.

I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t know why he lied. I didn’t know why he was not breathing. I had no answers.

 

And now it’s been 10 years. He left this world. He left me. This action was uncalled for. Life had shaken me.

 The day he left, I had buried my heart with his corpse.

Nothing could be more hopeless or whatever you’d like to say but I am still here waiting at the door. I am still waiting for an absolution that’d never come. I’m still in quest of those answers.

Madness or Love?

 I don’t care.

__END__

