Short Story of New Year Resolutions Change

Photo credit: 

 from 

Year 1999

Age 09

Today is the first day of the year and I am excited about it. My entire family is here to celebrate the new year. My cousins are fun and I love my parents for getting me the bicycle I wanted.

My new year resolution is to score well and make my parents proud. I also want to be friends with Rachel. She is a very nice girl and she gave me really big piece of the cake on her birthday.

 

Year 2000

Age 10

The last year was tough with my marks dipping after my friendship with Rachel got me into trouble in school and the guys teasing me for being with a girl made me sad. This year I want to make good fiends and show them that I can have a lot of guy friends too.

 

Year 2001

Age 11

Well I guess I got on the wrong train yet again Atleast I could say that this year my resolution did work.

It working is what got me in trouble with the principal for destruction of property. The studies aren’t doing much for me either.

My new year resolution this year is to make amends for having bad friends and find some trustworthy friends.

 

Year 2003

Age 13

I made 2 new friends last year and they are great. They help me out with my studies and though they are not popular they care for me that’s what i love about them.

My new year resolution is to recover the grades that have been in the drain for quite a while.

 

Year 2005

Age 15

The grades have been improving recently and I feel quite confident about the board exams.

My new year resolution is to find the right grades and get into a good college.

 

Year 2006

Age 16

Well last year was a blast and apart from scoring good and hutting up my parents up for good, I also met a girl from college and she seem really nice and maybe I love her. She has the most beautiful smile in the whole wide world.

My new year resolution is to love her forever and keep her happy all the time.

 

Year 2007

Age 17

That bi**h left me for another guy. So now I am lonely and with the exams coming, I think that was for the best. It still hurts every time I think about her, so I try to image her dead (not so easy with her flashing that stupid god-awful smile all over the place)

My new year resolution, yet again, is to try and score really good mark, not for me but to show her I am the shiz.

 

Year 2009

Age 19

I have made it halfway getting into the prestigious college and making good of myself. Now I realise that all that pain, all that misery from my first heartbreak was so fake. Now it seems like I breakup and makeup all the time and the studies have really taken a backseat for me.

I do make a resolution to enjoy the year and try not to fail ;-)

 

Year 2011

Age 21

I am now a man on his feet. I have been place with a telecom company and to earn easy six-figure annual income. This is the moment everyone has been telling me about after which I could enjoy. I cant Imagine I am going to be blowing off my money by the end of the year. Happy to have strive the last few months getting prepared for interviews and all that BS.

My new year resolution is to work hard and enjoy life on my own terms.

 

Year 2012

Age 22

All that things that they said about enjoying your life once you start earning. All bulls**t. I have been living life like a starving overworked dog who is exceptionally well dressed for humid Mumbai weather making it ever more difficult to breathe. Is it ironic that living alone suddenly felt too lonely after years of living with friends?

 

Year 2013

Age 23

Life is more stable now, professionally anyway. I had 2 serious relationships and both ended on, well lets say not-good-terms.

My social life is walking on a thin rope tied with a noose on both ends. I don’t feel the same way about the relationships with technology making life so easy.

My new year resolution is to make social life a priority.

 

Year 2014

Age 24

Last year was special as in the cupid left me my little piece of heaven. She is sleeping beside me right now. It feels like it felt the first time I fell in love. All the butterflies and the hidden laughs and late night calls made way for her moving in with me. I hope I feel the way I feel now forever.

Finally I feel like I don’t need to make any resolutions. I have everything I need beside me.

I Love You Rosie.

P.S: You need to lose weight honey.

P.S.S: Sorry I read your Resolution, Rosie

 

Year 2015

Age 25

Love. Maybe It just isn’t for me.

Rosie was recently diagnosed with cancer 2 months into our marriage. Maybe God is evening out has personal vendetta with me. It feels like the weight of the entire world is on my chest and I can’t seem to shake it off.

She is taking this news better than me. She seems to be brushing this off as a common cold. I hope I write about her well being and our happy life next year.

P.S: I am taking my illness in a stride to shield you from unnecessary stress. You have aged a decade since the news and the worry on your face isn’t helping no one either. All those empty wasted dreams and broken promises have really taken a toll on you. Death may part us physically but my love for you is going to stand the sands of time and mortality.

I pray you find someone nice to spend your life with who doesn’t break you heart like I did.

 

Year 2016

Age 26

The year of sickness and death is behind and this year I wake up to the truth of life and death. Rosie left me fetching for myself. I could never forgive God for f**king up my life once again.

Maybe the point of resolution is moot. The year is going to turn out as it should anyway.

My last resolution is to not make any resolution anymore.

__END__

