I laughed, I smiled, I am working hard to be a good girl.

Then I dreamed, I planed, I am trying to be a good wife.

But Life isnt perfect, Nobody is perfect, and theres no perfect life styles.

Me, I am not perfect as everybody else, and  My husband isn’t perfect either.

Our life is so damn awesome, and so very tragic.

We got our dream jobs, we work together at home comfortably and we spend most of time together. life would be so wonderful and it would be like living in the heaven, IF….

Only IF my husband didnt have a bad back, only if my husband didnt take oxys, only if my husband didnt smoke two packs of cigarrates, and only if God can make it easier for us.

When you read about loving an addict is a hard love. for me, I would say: loving an addict is a such a true love. and if you are an addict and you got someone who love you and still stick around with you, no matter how much your know or dont know, how broken your brains are. Get a mirror, and look at yourself in the mirror, and admit it! you got someone who truely loving you, loving you, loving you, and dont let the one who loves you down, down, down, down, down again and again.

Sometimes I will looked at the sky, I would think, will I be able to understand life, after all those long batters I am fighting through. Will God give me sympathy and finally give me his hand? Will the whole universe helping me get through it. Will it ever end? Will I be able to stand up one day, and proudly say to myself, hey you did it! you did it! I know you can do it! All after I didn’t give up on myself and never give up on you, my dear husband.

My dear husband, Do you remember what you said? you said the kids will continute your legend.  I had a dream, a simple one. Dreaming about one day, we will have a happy healthy wonderful family together. yes, one day!

If you are sick, I will always take care of you.If you want it, I will always get it for you.  If you name it, I will always change.

I  love you.

March 12th, 2018

Sophie

–END–

