Love in Autumn……defining madness !!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

(waiting for your arrival, the sky is cloudy but it has still not rained….waiting for your arrival, the flowers of Krishna chura are yet to shed themselves.)

….A light breeze was making its presence felt in a soothing way. And once in a while a little increment in force of the breeze made some of her reddish Lorealed hairs appear over her face. And every time it was followed by a mixed expression of being minutely dazzled and faintly irritated…further followed by a soft usage of left hand to relocate them…done in a sense that somehow inkled a soft sense of style…one of many, whose magic secret has somehow been concealed only to the female of human species.

Viewing his beloved doing so in midst of a soft conversation extended him a sort of mild ecstasy. And the diminishing but pleasant warmth of the dying Autumn afternoon sun somehow spewed in a little bit of extra romance in the vista. The freshly mowed grass and the distant view of the Victoria Memorial also played their part. A faintly audible sound of a Kishore classic-‘Dil kya karein’, was being played on the low end mobile fm of the person sitting at a distance. It somehow synchronized with the under goings. Though their conversation lacked anything more than a normal talk, yet something magical had crept into each other’s inside..and the magic was growing.

The slanting golden sunrays once in a while escaped the screen of the fluffy clouds and collapsed unboundedly on her face making her lavender glossed lips a bit more glossy – conspiring to awestruck him in a totally unplanned manner, making his vision glued on a her face a bit longer. She, unknown of the mischief of the Autumn sun, couldn’t manage to tame that blush of her each time this happened. It followed a shy smile with her lip’s preferring the left in their bent, a slow lowering of her head…and in anxiety, her right hand fingers mercilessly decapitating a bunch of grass of the lawn they were sitting upon. For him, it yet again was some sort of inimitable reaction, whose secret remains confined only to the female species.

Girl : What provoked you that you to write that message yesterday??

 Boy : aaah…which message?

 Girl : (smiling) as if I am speaking French..!!!…The last message u sent yesterday..

 Boy : ( A naughty smile marks its beginning) : Well..Actualy I did a short course on French…but I m still unable to decipher your question.

 Girl : (changing her sitting form) : Ohh I See…that means I am talking to someone who failed miserably in his French course…!!(blinks her eyes..!!) ..I guess I need to explain more to the poor one…!!..

 (the naughty smile has now passed on to her face with an enlarged prominence)….Actually Mr. French Failure..I was talking about the message in which a boy dared to write me ‘I love u madly..!!’

 Boy : (a manly blush..) : So?..it’s not wrong.. And I see your deep involvement behind that state of the boy…

 Girl : (blushes..pauses…and then speaks) : In that case…I am a little frightened

The change of expression on the boy’s face bluntly communicated…why??

Girl : (again that naughty smile in its nascent form) : I mean….sitting so close to a mad obviously carry a lot of risks…at least for the subject who is accused to be the cause…. isn’t it??..(the naughty smile bloomed to a little laugh)

 Boy: (giving away to a bit of laughter too) : well your highness…even being a student of literature doesn’t legally permit you to take things so literally..(winks)..

 Girl: No…No…no (makes a funny face)…If u really meant that message you have to prove your madness..or else your proposal would be brutally rejected..(The naughty gesture marks its presence again) ..and ya..you have to do it through your words…

 Boy: Wait …But..

 Girl: (contradicts..) and you will get only 5 minutes

 Boy: (perplexed) But..I mean..

 Girl: (bites her lower lip and contradicts again)…and your time starts now…

 Boy: S…..

 Girl: 10 seconds gone …

 Boy : Ok Ok….Here I go…(stands up and stands a bit away..) pauses..

 Girl: what happened Mr Ma…

Boy: (Looks sideways and contradicts) : can you see that man…He is quite a bit of extra tallness and bulkiness squeezed into one body. If fate was distributed without disparity, he should be one Gladiator. Born in the land of Greeks he should have been engaged in intense brawls to continue his existence. But it’s only because you exist, that today he is enjoying his freedom and walking in the coat of fresh grass killing few of them with every step. If you would not have existed, Chidambaram would have still wore that white Dhoti, but would have been just another rubber plantation owner in Kerala , going on inspection walks every dawn and balancing financials of a small firm rather than the whole nation’s.

Girl (highly perplexed and amused)…What??

Boy : Yes.. Its only for your presence that Premchand could fabricate such sublime creations. Or else he would have been just another 2nd Division BA pass student grappling unemployment. Buddha could have never gone to quest Moksha, but sat on a road side tea stall worrying about the piece of biscuit that got dipped into his tea.

 Maybe if u dint exist, Cherrapunji would have been so dry…or Sahara would have been a part of Tropical Rain forest. Shanghai could have been denser than Mumbai and Guatemala could have replaced Kerala. Morocco would not be a Country’s name but some Latin American dish and Greenland could actually be green.

(an increased pace is now evident in his communication)

If you hadn’t been there, the Howrah Bridge might just have been a small footover bridge in some smoggy locality of China. The Victoria memorial could never stir so many memoirs of the British rule. And yes…the Leaning tower of Pisa would have been firm straight and Galileo would have never thought to perform experiments there, but would have preferred reading newspaper basking in the afternoon sun on the 2nd floor balcony of some building in Italy. Apple could have been only the name of a fruit and Newton could have been a Gourmet, who would have prioritized eating the fallen Apple rather than venturing into intricacies of the fall.

Real Madrid could never exist in real and Christiano Ronaldo would have been just another obedient Christian serving in the church of Vatican. Leonardo might have been just a carpenter confused with the bathroom door’s layout and Clooney could have ended up as a small Gems dealer of Baghdad. Though they themselves don’t know but neither Angelina’s lips nor Mila Kunis could have been so beautiful without your existence.

Without your existence that small shopkeeper in that lane could not sell even a single packet of tobacco neither the lady sweeper could find such joy in chewing beetle leaves. Without you, the winter mornings could never be so serene neither that mystic earthy smell could spell magic when the first fanatic raindrops of the monsoon touches the dusty earth. Without you…..

 She could not shield any further and let her laughter out with a thud. And it continued for a little more than usual.(she stood up in the process)

For him it was another enigmatic ecstasy to observe her standing and laughing her heart out . Slowly the background vista appeared blurred to him and unknowingly, she almost served as a spring of euphoria for those few seconds. Only if there was an attainable way to bottle those moments forever!!!

‘Well…(she began to speak with the laugh still faintly existing in her voice). You pass the test of Madness with full marks…(again laughs off)…I guess a little more than full marks. (a to and fro between laugh and smile..)

Standing a little more than a meter distance from her, he looks down, and waits for the tail end of her laugh to pass away.

He looks up to her eyes and speaks “ Well..whatever I spoke might have ventilated you a literal sense of madness. But …but if you raise the curtain, things have a slight different angle to offer…(pauses)… I just wanted to tell that the world for me is as it is only when…..when you are a part of it. For me things around me require the feel of your presence to be what they are. I don’t mean that you make things beautiful, but you bestow a sense of normalcy in them, which has more beauty than being beautiful.

Your smile gently pushes me to do better things in a more better way that may please you and make you smile further….making me evolve to someone better. I now see a bit more refreshing essence in the flowers the florist sells under that tree…an extra ray of hope amidst the peeping afternoon sunshine…a warmth of happiness in the goblet of daily happenings…(pauses).. I don’t know exactly how..but somehow you whisper a bit of extra life to my life( pauses again)…

You….I…(stammers)..I mean you are just like that wonderful early morning dream we all never wish to wake up from…but I must wake up to meet that dream in reality…because its only in those moments when the opulence of reality overshadows dreams. Every time we plan to meet, I pray not to rain…and once you arrive..I pray for a heavy rain so that you can’t leave…..!!!

 And I really don’t know if….(stammers) …if this is Madness….But this is all..”

He looks down. An absolute silence reigns itself in anticipation of being pierced.

Her laugh died away along with its every minute remains. Her eyes struggling with the increment in moistness of the lashes. And something heavenly made its presence felt deep inside her. Laugh or smile suddenly seemed so minuscule an emotion to let that outburst occur. Faintly she was aware of the keen eyes of a passerby. But at this moment, she had nothing to offer him but ignorance. Submitting herself to that sudden deep urge within…she rushed forward and hugged him passionately. Somehow both knew that words in this subtle moment could be nothing but disturbance. And silence reigned once again.

The mobile fm of the person sitting at a distance now played “ Kuch na kaho…kuch bhi na kaho..”

***

 1. Read the word ‘Boy’ in the extract as Prasenjit and the ‘girl’ as….let that be not revealed…;)

 2. The two lines at the start are taken from a well known song By Nachiketa.

