Love Short Story – THE LOVE TRIANGLE

Photo credit: 

 from 

From Piya’s Diary

The earphones are plugged in my ears. Two names are continually playing in my head, Roshan and Deep. Deep had broken my heart a month back. The mistake was not of him ofcourse. But the conditions had forced the unwanted breakup. Deep’s parent had seen my message on his cell. They had called me up and said a lot of harsh words to me.

I knew Deep was also undergoing  a harsh time at home due to his parent’s taunts. He asked me to breakup. I had cried a lot. He had also cried a lot. I was not being able to move on. And then Roshan, my best friend proposed me. He loved me a lot so I just could not deny but somewhere there was a guilt inside me. Slowly I was moving on with Roshan , this guy was madly in love with me, but I never felt the same. And then one day suddenly Deep came back.

He told he does not care about what his parents say. He would be with me. I still loved him so much so I just said him yes and broke up with Roshan. I am feeling guilty to have broken Roshans heart but what else could I do I still loved Deep, Deep loves me too. All I can do now is regret what happened but I am not the one who is all to be blamed, If only Roshan understands this, I hope he willl, because I know he loves me a lot and with him I have now lost a best friend too.

Suddenly a teardrop fell on my diary. Why am I crying? I dont love Roshan then why am I crying for him?

———————-

From Roshan’s Diary

20th December, 2013

The door of my room was closed. Sad songs were playing on my phone. The tube light was switched of only the nightlamp was on which added a sad atmosphere to my room. I was lying on my bed with my face dipped into the pillow. It had become damp. And soon another tear slid down my left cheek after a quarter of seconds followed by another tear drop from my right eye which ran across my right cheek. I was heartbroken.

“Roshan”, My mother was calling my name.

I tried to speak but I was not being able to. So my mother continued,” Roshan my son have your dinner !”

I shouted out this time.,” Ma I am not hungry”

Mother retorted,” What do you mean dear son by you are not hungry? You are studying in this locked room for last 3 hours beta have some food you will fall sick!”

” I am not studying mom i am crying, A girl broke my heart like anything !”,I wanted to shout ….but I said ” Mom please leave, I am not going to eat”

I kept crying in my room. Cursing the person who was responsible for this mess . But I can understand. The way I loved Piya, Piya loved Deep and Deep also loved her. I could have cursed Piya but I wont. She never used me. She had never told that she is in love with me. She had told she is taking me to help her move on. She was not a Betrayer. I guess this was my fate. And I just wish Deep never betrays her.

And  another tear trickled down my left cheek.

__END__

