The Message not sent! – A Short Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

New Delhi Railway station, the only place where we get to see the diversity in our country, you could find people possibly from every state of the country. Some are coming to Delhi, some are leaving Delhi and for some, it is just another station where train stops for some time and leaves. Time was around 11.20 PM, station was busy as usual.

In this crowd there was a girl running, searching for her platform. She was Neha, she had to catch her train leaving at 11.30. With two large bags in her and one laptop bag on her back, she was breathing heavily and constantly cursing Delhi’s traffic for getting her late. Somehow she managed to find the platform; train was about to leave and announcement had started.

She quickly started searching for her compartment, luckily she heard someone asking for the same compartment she was in. Finally, she found the compartment and her seat as well.

There was a person sitting infront of her, he seemed disturbed. He was fighting over his phone. He was tensed. He was angry for something.

“He might have a breakup today…or a fight with his neighbor or his incompetent boss said him something” – these were some random thoughts pouring in Neha’s mind.

He was in formal clothes, so she thought that he might had a bad day at office or he would be frustrated of his job.

xxxxxxxxx

Neha was an independent girl, she loves to talk and make new friends, in other words – she can’t sit quietly. She needed someone to talk, and out of curiosity she asked him “Is everything alright? You seemed disturbed for some reason, sorry, but seeing your mood; I can’t resist myself asking you if anything is wrong. Maybe I could help!”

“Everything is fine, just another bad day. It’s a bad phase of life; I think it’s just some bad time”.

“Good or Bad, time moves on, so do you!” – Hi, I am Neha.

“Yeah, I guess you are right” – I am Rohit.

“So, What takes you to Mumbai Mr. Rohit?”

“Well I have to attend a meeting in Mumbai” – Rohit replied with a hesitation in his voice.

“And With these heavy bags and this laptop, it seems you are shifting to Mumbai, Neha”.

“Oh no no, I am going back home in Mumbai, for Diwali” – Neha replied with a big smile on her face.

“You are from Delhi only?” – asked Neha.

“Yeah, I’m born and brought up in Delhi only!”.

“So, you stay alone in Delhi?” – Rohit asked.

“Yeah, I stay alone here, I work in IBM Gurgaon”.

Rohit started smiling and said – “Oh really, what a coincidence, I also work in IBM, in Noida”.

They both were amazed by this coincidence; soon they became good friends as if they know each other for a very long time. Their journey of 16 hours passed as in 16 minutes. Neha found Rohit a nice guy and they both exchanged their numbers.

She was very happy to reach home, after all she had come home after 10 months; but she was more excited about her new friend she had made in her journey.

Rohit was in her mind all the time. Long chats started over whatsapp, facebook. Chats turned into calls and calls into meetings. Neha started liking Rohit.

They started hangout together more often. Finally, she fell in love with Rohit.

Rohit’s train was a week before Neha’s. He was leaving Mumbai, they were sitting on a coffee shop that day.

“I am leaving in few hours, you know that na. Then why are you so upset?” – asked Rohit.

“Dumbo, you are my happiness. How could I be happy since you are leaving?” – Neha replied with a tear in her eye.

“Rohit, I love you! I can’t live without you. The journey from that train and these few days were the best days of my life. I want my whole life be like this.”

Rohit was taken aback listening to this! He was shocked, he was silent.

“Hello…I am waiting for your reply” – Neha asked teasingly.

Suddenly Neha’s phone rang. It was a call from the hospital. Her Dad had met with an accident. It was a minor one and he was out of danger now. Listening to this Neha left in a hurry. Rohit also wanted to come with her but Neha forcefully made him board the train.

 Rohit boarded the train.

xxxxxxxxx

Rohit was still in shock by Neha’s proposal. He wanted to tell her something, he tried calling her but she was not picking the call. So, he decided to send SMS to her.

And suddenly his phone rang, it was Neha. Message was not sent.

Rohit picked up the phone and a flurry of questions were asked to Neha, where were you? I was calling, is everything alright?

 Neha was amused to hear such concern from Rohit.

“Yes baby, everything is fine, don’t worry”. And all of a sudden there noise of a big bang and the phone got disconnected. She tried to call him again but Rohit didn’t pick up the phone, she called again and again, but still, there was no response from Rohit. Neha got scared.

Suddenly she heard the news that there is a huge train accident. It was the same train in which Rohit was travelling.

She was shocked, chill went down her spine and she fainted. Everyone in her family was perplexed to see her condition. They picked her up and slowly she gain consciousness. She explained everything to her parents.

Her parents understood everything and were ready to help her. They tried calling the helpline number but most of the times number was busy and there was no proper response from them either. 12 hours passed but still there was no knowledge about Rohit.

Finally, Neha decided to go to the place of accident.

xxxxxxxxx

The place was a disaster. It was chaos, blood everywhere; nothing was left. Rescue team was trying to take out bodies stuck the train. People were trying to find their loved ones. Children were crying who were trying to find their parents. Situation was out of control.

Neha started asking from one enquiry counter to another but no sign of Rohit. Finally, she came to know that a person named Rohit has been taken to the hospital, he is still alive. Neha rushed towards the hospital and asked about Rohit. Nurse asked Neha if she knows Rohit? Neha replied by saying that she is Rohit’s fiancée.

She took her to the operation theatre where he was admitted, Neha confirmed that he was Rohit only.

“Nurse, how is he now. Is he going to be alright” – Neha asked with a fluttering voice.

With a mild pat on Neha’s shoulder, nurse replied – “He is very critical; he had some serious injuries in his head. He needs a miracle to come out of this, he needs your prayer, be strong”.

Neha was crying, she was cursing her fate, she was angry with herself that she forcefully made him board that train. Love of her life is shuttling between life and death.

Nurse handed over Rohit’s wallet, mobile and jacket. She wore Rohit’s jacket and started praying. Wearing that jacket she felt as if she is in Rohit’s arms, it was heaven for her.

One day passed but there was still no sign of consciousness from Rohit. She was sitting on a bench near Rohit’s room. With swollen teary eyes she was checking out Rohit’s mobile which had photos Rohit, photos of them together; she was just praying that she doesn’t want to see him her whole life in these pictures.

Two days passed, Rohit was still unconscious, no signs of improvement. Doctors were losing hope, but Neha was just not ready to give up. She used to see Rohit’s photos in his mobile for hours and pray to God, this gave her strength.

Third day, as she was randomly checking Rohit’s mobile, all of a sudden her attention grabbed a message in the draft which was saved on the same day of the accident and it was intended to Neha.

She opened that message which explained everything what Rohit wanted to say on that call. She was rather shocked than surprised. She came to know everything about Rohit.

Finally, Rohit gained consciousness. Doctors congratulated her.

“It is a miracle that he is still alive, your prayers have worked Neha”

“How is he? Can I speak to him, Doctor?” – Neha’s anxiety was at peak.

“He is out of danger now, you can go and meet him. He is very weak, but still he is able to speak.” – said one of the doctor.

Neha was estatic, full of joy. She was not able to control her emotions; her eyes were full of tears. It was tears of joy. Her prayers finally paid off. She wiped her tears and went inside with a smile.

Slowly, Rohit opened his eyes and smiled. He was feeling better, he was able to speak.

“You almost killed me yar, you have no idea what I have gone through.” – Neha’s cute tone showed her love for Rohit.

“Neha, I want to tell you something” – said Rohit with his low voice.

A drop of tear fell from Rohit’s eye, he smiled, looked at her and said – “ I love you, Neha, will you be with me forever?”

With teary eyes Neha kissed Rohit and said “Yes”.

