Love Short Story – “Maybe”

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

That one girl didn’t talk much. She was an introvert, belonging to the group who could almost never be the conversation starters.

That girl liked to laugh, a lot. Everyone who knew her would be jealous of her laughter, it was that beautiful. But not many knew if it was true.

That girl would hide behind the shadows. It is perfectly fine if you don’t notice her, trust me she doesn’t mind.

That girl was loyal. If you got through her, she would stand by your side even if you are the most sinful person.

That girl liked to read. She would just drift in between the pages to another world, a more beautiful world.

That girl didn’t dress like others. She would dress in the most simple and baggy clothes, yet look flawless.

That girl couldn’t express. She was filled with love and care and warmth, if only it was that simple for her to show it.

That girl didn’t trust easily. She couldn’t go through all the trouble, for it to be broken in fraction of a second.

That girl was used. It was painful how every night she would cry, thinking about it.

That girl was lonely. She just wanted someone to talk to, a genuine person.

That girl was broken. She was tired to the point she wanted to end it all.

I was living. “Living” I don’t even know what the word meant until I saw her.

I saw her. How could I not, it was next to impossible not to.

I was fascinated by her eyes. They said the things, her lips couldn’t.

I was captivated by her laughter. Never known what “angelic” sounds like, but i’m pretty sure that’s it.

I was mesmerised by her very being. Her love, her warmth, her loneliness, wanting to share everything with her.

I wanted nothing more than to hold her. To protect her from everything in the world.

I wanted to take away all her worries, so she could just smile and laugh all she wanted. she wouldn’t have to fake it.

I wanted to talk to her, just listen to her voice for hours. I was soft, like honey.

I wanted to save her. Without her, everything in life was meaningless.

 

“Maybe in another life, when I have energy for love” she said.

“Maybe you won’t need energy, maybe what you have is enough, maybe you’ll have your happy ending” I said desperately

“Maybe”

–END–

