Love Short Story – Wake up! It’s too late.

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Mom, why didn’t you wake me up a little early today?”, as I made myself comfortable on the sofa with the 

 that she has prepared specially on this occasion of 

“I remember the last time you said this to me was when your teacher came up to me, the next day, with the complain of your new affair at school.” Her words made me cold in fear, as I really loved Nishi. Really loved her? I love her. That is my 5th relationship in 2 years, so assuming this rate of 2.5 relationships per year, I’m in offbeat with the ways of girls.

I never uttered a word after that, and as usual mothers do understand everything even if not uttered.

Next day after college, Nishi and I went for a movie. As like most conventional couples do, we boarded the corner seats. When “Ae dil hai muskil” was at its climax and as Ranbir started to sing

 I asked her,” Do you believe in love, Nishi?” She did not answer. I asked, ” Do you love me, Nishi?” And I asked a many more questions and she did not answer. I stopped, I looked straight at the screen and enjoyed watching Anushka in that attire on her wedding. And unconsciously, out of the blue, I said, I said, “Will you marry me?”

She looked at me with tears in her eyes, I thought I had effected her, but when she opened her mouth, my daydreams of our marriage shattered. She said,” This is so lovely. Ranbir is so cute. He looks so cute while crying.” I couldn’t but laugh at that point of time. Later I realized that she actually heard every single thing of mine, and as we were walking back home after the movie, she gave me every reply. I looked into her eyes, unlike the way Shahrukh looks at Kajol, and said,”I love you.”

We’d never planned to stay together for the night, but circumstances can lead you anywhere. Mom had gone to a relative’s house and so my house was without any earthly weight, until Nishi and I landed there. We planned to finish our assignments tonight. Dinner was kept ready by mom. She came up to kiss me before we started with our assignments. I always wondered to have a emotional & physical relationship with Nishi. I had been with Nishi for 4 months now, and I always wanted something to happen between us. That was a perfect night, we could have nurtured on this opportunity, and we did utilize this opportunity.

She wasn’t ready for this, I forced her. By birth, man is born with something called  

I used my strength to tie her up in my bed, I gaged her mouth with an untidy cloth, and like a cruel animal I ‘made love’ with her all night. She panted, and screamed at times out of pain but these painful screams couldn’t even reach me. I kissed her, spanked her, bite her. I had thought that I’m Christian Grey. But yes, she wasn’t Anastasia Stelle. Next morning, as I untied her, she ran into the kitchen naked. I was astonished by the energy of her strides. While I lay on the bed, and everything that my eyes could see was blur, I could feel her approaching towards me. She, at once, came into the room with heavy steps and stabbed me right into my heart with that fruit knife. I cried in despair. Before I closed my eyes, and before I could leave my body, I heard her saying, 

I could never listen to my last heartbeat, I could just listen to the sway of the knife into her body, and with her last scream, I left my body.

I cursed myself for killing two people- Nishi and I. I couldn’t realize that I’d raped her, but it was true, I did rape her. That was not love. She believed in love, for she promised me a love in the next world.

I, just after the puja of Maa Lakshmi, could do such a thing to a woman. I better not be born as a woman, or else it would be an insult to the entire feminine society.

I asked God,” Can I be diminished forever? Can the people like me be diminished from this Earth? So that woman may live a better life!”

God said,” I’m born from a woman. I can’t let my fellow brothers get diminished from Earth. I can punish but cannot prevent.”

I replied to God, with the boldest of my voice, ” I’m a soul. I want to become a woman in my next birth. I’ve learnt the power of woman from the way Nishi punished me. Let me be the prevention to this crime. Let this criminal get a 2nd chance. Let this criminal, love ‘her’ male Nishi. Let me teach men, how to respect the ways of woman. I promise not to be an insult to the race of woman. I promise to make man learn to show RESPECT.”

“Nikhil, get up. I’ve 

for you. Get up. The puja is still on.” Mom was visible at a distance in the living room.

I quickly got up. Pinched myself. It was a dream? Yes.

God is great. It is true, the best teacher- God teaches you in your dreams. He taught me love. He taught me respect. He is awesome. I quickly bathed and was ready for the puja, but before that, I left a message to Nishi saying, “I love you. I believe in love now. I can never think of doing the worst to you even in my dreams.” I meant it. I knew that was the last dream of its kind for God has taught me what he wanted me to learn.

A message popped up,” So finally Nikhil, you are getting into the ways of loving me. That message from you was what I wanted for months. I love you, idiot.”

–END–

