Short Story – My true love song

Photo credit: 

 from 

I watched the clock tick tock for a month which has really put me in quite the slump, back and forth the hands would sway, moving at a snails pace every day. This has become my new life now, no smiles only frowns, this is how my hours are spent, staring at the clock waiting for life to hit. It’s quite a bore, but I can bear no more of the heat ache that I feel, so I sit all day pondering if it’s even real. Here I stay with my guard built high letting go of my chance to fly. I didn’t always used to be this way, but yet here I am and here I stay. I used to have a dream so grand that in my castle I would stand with my true love by my side and together we would strive .

My name is Francis Everhart and you should have guessed it from the start that I am the heir of a throne so old that my life is filled with diamonds and gold. I live in a castle which is much of a hassle, but it is here I stride, keeping my painful secrets hidden deep inside.  I’m half my mother’s beauty and twice my father’s heart now I waste these talents just waiting for life to start. My story begins with a slew of men none which mean the world, until my prince with Luscious lips sent me for a whirl.

The trouble began in a month so grand near jolly  Christmas time, I saw a handsome man and knew I had to make him mine. His name was Peter and I was quite eager to give him my first dance. We talked a while but as midnight followed he found a new romance. To my surprise I saw my sister rise and take him by the arm now what I dream of every night are ways to cause them harm.

I soon forgot peter the sister stealer when I met a man named Kyle. He had a nice style with the grace of a dove if it weren’t for the face only a mother could love. It turned out quite rough for my man so gruff had a secret to share, he was a she and I couldn’t believe that the good stuff wasn’t there. Then there was Mark the patriarch who always came around, until that fateful day when he tried to steal my crown. Its safe to say i sent him away never to return, he can feel the pride of possessing with his hide, for I almost skinned him alive.

Men went and they came what a clever game, but soon it all came to a halt, for I met a nice man with a sinister grin who held the name of Walt. He treated me well in a manner so swell that none could hope to compare, but it didn’t last long for at the end of his song he was eaten by a bear. So, I drifted in sadness that turned into madness and an urge for my love so true, so I’ll stare at this clock till I meet a new love, but till then I bid you ado.

__END__

