Never could her voice been heard over the deserts, the sea or the vast outstretched land. If only he was here, he could have seen what pain was she in. She clutched her stomach as the memory came rushing back to her mind for the umpteenth time.

Niall had one hand on Claire’s thigh and he kept  the other one on the steering wheel. His eyes averted from the road time and again. Claire playfully slapped away his hand but little did she know that she was nearing the beginning of the new end.

Every time Niall layed eyes on Claire in the most affectionate manner, Claire stared at the road. She could feel the burning of his gaze onto her bare skin.

“Niall this isn’t funny!Can you please keep your eyes on the road?”exclaimed Claire.

The next few seconds went about in a flash but the minutes of her suffering felt like eternity. For Niall did not experience any pain but the ringing voice continued long after he closed his eyes. The road was clear at this particular hour of the night. Out of the blue, Claire caught sight of the headlights in their lane ;running in the opposite direction. Niall at that moment was showing Claire that he could drive without putting his hands on the steering wheel.

“NIALL!” She tried to grab the steering wheel.

But she was too late.

Glass shattered.

A shiver went down her spine as she was brought to reality ,only to find Niall’s dog licking her feet. She stared into nothingness so she remembered those countless nights with his family in the waiting room. The groans,moans,wailing,prayers mumbled and frequent tears were shed.

How many years would it take for Claire to meet Niall once again?

She absent-mindedly glared at the birds, chirping, on her windowsill. How she wished that these birds could take her message to Paradise. She felt so vulnerable yet outraged at how selfish Niall was.

She did not have the courage to end her life as she was weak. Weak enough for anyone to crush her.Her feelings and heart all lay in a book. A book with I love you’s written over a million times. Could she ever forgive him?

–END–

