This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 12 Jan 2013 and won 

Love Short Story – Threesome: The Love Triangle

Short Story Love – Threesome: The Love Triangle

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sneha Sharma to Aman Raj:

Sept 19 . Sent from Mobile

 

During ‘

’, I used to call him wifey all the time and he referred to me as hubby. It was the way our friendship-cum-relationship was. It was sweet, it was funny, it was hilarious and it was very mature and understanding in its own way. It had its own beauty and charm. Though, it was a ‘

’, it was very pure and selfless.

More than quarter-of-a-year has passed since I blocked him from my life. I changed my number and blocked him from facebook. There was no other means through which he could reach to me. I felt very bad and sorry for him but that’s what Aashish demanded to save our relationship.

Aashish was my ex before Aman and is my present and future again. Somewhere, it was Aman who united both of us. I believe Aman was the only reason that made Aashish jealous and come back to me. Aashish tried whole-heartedly to win me back but I was super-strong with Aman then. I believe, somewhere it was Aman only made me closer to Aashish back. Aashish also did everything to win my heart back, but Aman, too, had a major role in it. I owe a a lot to me. He never asked me restrict myself. My happiness with Aashish is very much a gift from him only. Aman taught me love is all about giving but I could never give him his return gift in the last days of our friendship. I broke my promise of being with him all my life.

I never blame Aashish for that. Any boyfriend could feel jealous if his girlfriend has such a close friendship with another guy. So he did the expected, something that I always feared doing. He asked to part my ways with Aman and I had to do that.

Aman was speechless when I informed it to him, but I heard his loud cry. I said sorry and disconnected him.

“Do whateva u lyk!! I dnt wanna b wid u anymor”, read Aashish’s last text.

We had a fight yesterday and things were still not resolved between us. The reason was a very silly one. He just asked me not to buy those short clothes but I bought them yesterday and it lit his heart.

I desperately wanted to try that dress. It was a rare glossy black dress. Aman had once told me, “Black suits you Snehu. Buy some black desses na”

Aman was the reason why I wanted to buy the dress; but the dress being short was the reason why Aashish didn’t want me to buy it. I was in dilemma of listening to the two opposites – Aman and Aashish. I don’t know why this time I chose Aman over Aashish. I knew I won’t wear that dress but I still bought it because Aman wanted.

On the other hand, Aashish’s heart was on fire. He is certainly a possessive boyfriend and I always listened to him, but not this time.

“Let me just buy it. I won’t wear it dear”, I pleaded before him.

“If you won’t wear it, then why waste money on buying it?”, he asked aloud.

“Because I want to buy it. Because for my happiness. Because I like black. Anything more?”

“Do whatever you like”,  said Aashish and went away from the store.

He repeated the same words in his last texts added with ‘I don’t want to be with you anymore’.

His words were certainly hurtful but I knew Aashish. He had a habit of saying that 

 and then regret it. He was kind of a short tempered guy. I understood that he always felt like possessing me and saying whatever he feel like. I used to feel happy about it. I liked being his possession and him being mine, forever.

But this time, it was about Aman. He always used to say, “Do whatever you like. You are as much aged as I am. So, you can also make your choices aptly”. For this time, I wanted to listen Aman, my Aman.

He always used to say, “You may not be mine, but I am all yours Snehu”.

Its very late night now and I am still lying awake on my bed. I had a fight with Aashish.  So I ‘needed’ to sob about him but tonight I am missing Aman only. I don’t why but I am truly missing.

In last few weeks, I had really forgotten about him. The only time I used to remember was before sleeping. I remember, he used to say, “Snehu darling, roz sone se pahle ek smile jarur karna apne wifey ke liye ”.

All these days, I had kept this promise but today my tears don’t seem to stop. I miss him like hell. Even on having fights, he used to me feel like being in heaven. He had his peculiar way of making me smile. He would write lines for me and draw sketches for me. It was kinda childish and immature; but he truly believed in his saying “Zindagi ki khushi chhoti-chhoti cheezon me hai. Buddhe ho jayenge aur haath kaanpega to thodi sketches banayenge bungbi? Life is here, life  is now. Enjoy it. Feel it”.

He has truly taught me a hell lot of things. But now when I look around, when I need my bestie, he is no-more. I wonder if he had really tattooed my name in Urdu that he wanted to do? Or had he moved ahead in his life?

I need to talk to him. I want him. I need him. I loved him. Now, I remember the lines that I had once told him, “You are the best thing that happened to me :(”.

But now, where should I look for him? I just checked, he is not active on his facebook account. I have lost his number. I have no clue where he is. I don’t remember his friend’s name to look for them on facebook and contact him. I feel cursed. I feel blessed that I and Aashish are together but I feel cursed that Aman is no longer with me.

The light is still switched on. The white light is hitting my eyes. It’s giving pain to my eyes but I don’t want to switch it off. I want to have some pain too. Near the CFL are few webs leading to the cramped corner of the wall. The switch board has a small cramp too and few things written over it. I notice its s number written there.

I look for my spectacles and get up to check the number. Its 7108***578. 

I said to myself and turned to my bed.

Seeing the frozen fan, I feel its his number only. I get up and read it twice and thrice.

Bang! I remember he had once asked me, “Hey Snehu! Write my number on your switch board, for emergency cases. But write it in backwards”.

“Why backwards? Why shouldn’t I write it the way it is?”, I had questioned him.

“If you write it in the way it is, any other girl may call and flirt with me”, he chuckled.

“OK”, I had replied with a blazing smile.

I feel rejoiced to get his number back. I wanted to talk to him and found his number simultaneously. We definitely have a heart-to-heart connection.

I opened Whatsapp and messaged him instantly “Aaaaaman ;’( ”.

Ten minutes passed but there is no reply from him. I guess I don’t deserve any reply from him. I walk to the toilet with teary eyes and when I return, I see a reply.

Its him and his msg is

“

