This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 24 Jan 2015 and won 

——————————–

Story of Teenage Love

I had gone to Goa for a football tournament. We returned with happy memories. It was my last tournament that I played for my school. I was shifting to Chandigarh for a year. I had just one month left in Mumbai and I wanted to enjoy every part of it. I went down that day to play football with my friends. There I met a girl. Her name was Aman. We knew each other already. She was just a ‘HI-BYE’ friend. But that evening changed my life.

We spent 2 or 3 hours together. She became a very nice friend. And she fulfiled my wish of enjoying my last month in Mumbai. I had the time of my life with her. It was MAY and it became my favourite month. I started having feelings for her. But i knew that i was going and I should not date her. So the worst day of the year finally came. 12th June.

I left all my friends and teachers. I left Aman. I went to Chandigarh and started a new life. Ofcourse I was in touch with her but still i missed her so much. I went back to Mumbai for a week to celebrate New Year.It was nice meeting all my friends again. It was nice meeting her again. I enjoyed alot. I spent so much time with her. I could not stop thinking about her. She was everywhere. I knew i was in love. I knew this was my last chance.

And then came 4th December,probably the best day of my life. We met at 6 in the morning and i finally proposed her. And i will never forget the way she replied,”I LOVE YOU TOO SOHIL.”

My heart melted. Their were butterflies in my stomach. I loved her so much. And then we hugged. The best hug of my life. So tight,so warm and so long. Then i had to leave her for more 3 months. But i knew things had become much better in our life now. We love each other so much. We cry for each other when we miss each other. We sometimes talk to each other for 4 hours on phone.

I just cannot wait for the day I get to be in her arms again. I love her so much. This is TRUE LOVE. This is 

__END__

