Love Story – LOVE AND LOVE ONLY

Sheela was charming bubbly girl. As in any college story she fell in love with Harish, the most handsome boy of the class. Everyone thought they are perfect match and made for each other. Both loved Badminton, liked to wear modern dress, attend parties and always seen together in harmony. Everything was in synch for them.

After college they entered into Banking job. Pride over their success in studies and jobs, their parents hurried them to get married. In their marriage, all of their college friends thought “What a wonderful tale with a happy ending”. They even felt a bit jealous.

5 years gone by. Sheela was standing in a market. She could not believe her eyes. Am I seeing my college matte Menaka, her mind questioned? Yes she is Menaka only. Oh my god! How beautiful she is after these many years.

Sheela thought of her college days. Menaka and Sharath were pair in her class. In spite of so many pairs in her class, nobody can forget this pair. They used to fight always. Sheela remembered how Menaka would be crying those days. Then they will go to park or somewhere and get compromised. Again the following week they will be in some disagreement. Even Harish had discussed about this once.” I don’t know how these two become a pair. They don’t have even a single thing in common.”

Sheela thought it’s purely infatuation. It’s not true love and they cannot live together at all. Sheela came back to present by the touch of Menaka. After usual HI and how are you, Sheela took Menaka to her home. Sheela made up her mind to hear her sad story. But to her surprise, Menaka was looking cute, young and clear. Menaka was asking about Sheela’s job, house and then talk pointed towards Harish.

Sheela was a bit embarrassed and told “All is well here. My job, my house and I have settled in life. By one year of marriage life, I could see that Harish and I had contradictions and our views towards life differed. So we happily separated. Even now Harish is a good friend of mine. Harish is going to get married soon and I am sure to attend it peacefully. Now I am a free bird. Just my parents could not understand it and I am no way bothered about it”.

Shocked at this reply but somehow Menaka hid her emotions to balance the situation. Now it’s turn of Sheela. She with inner joy but with sad expression in face asked about Sharath. “Do you know, where is Sharath now?”

Menaka happily replied,” tomorrow is our fourth wedding anniversary. We will be happy to have you in our precious occasion.”

Unprepared for such an answer, Sheela became speechless.  Quickly Sheela brought a compelled smile to her face and asked “How you people manage to have a successful relationship in spite of all differences? Don’t you feel slavery?”

Menaka smiled meaningfully and told Sheela “It’s our state of mind which matters. I know Sharath is a high-tempered person. I love him for what he is. Yes we used to have so many fights during college days itself. So what? Like a husband and wife we used to fight one day and compromised the other day and again fight. We got clarity about our differences through our fight only. Our fights enlightened us with each other’s priorities. Moreover I know pretty well that only the words he utter out of anger are wrong. At the same time I am aware about how much he loves me in his heart. I am really lucky to have Sharath in my life. Sharath is mine and only mine”.

It looked like Menaka is still in her love world with Sharath. Sheela thought Sharath is lucky to have Menaka and she believed Sharath knows it. Now Sheela understood what was missing from her side. She had a deep breath. She felt happy for the couple and thought of meeting Harish in the evening.

–END–

