Extra Marital Affair Story – BETRAYAL

Photo credit: 

 from 

itxa got up from her disturbed sleep. It was raining outside. Gathering her nightgown she swung off the so called bed and walked towards the wash basin, head heavy and distressed. Sleep had evaded her, for the past was not very far behind, just close at hand and the rawness of it filled her with a shadowy revulsion that was indescribable. Her almost three year old son was sleeping peacefully in the crib-like bed, curled up with scanty bed sheet to cover him.

She looked around the windowless shack and the purported bed she had woken up from. The bed was a discarded plank she had found outside the building compound and had brought it inside without anyone noticing. The floor was too rough to sleep on. This room had served as a tool shed at one time, then later as a retiring room for the watchman of the complex and now with the help of the watchman, as a token of kindness from him, she had managed to get it free for a night to hide her head. The room was airless and quite suffocating.

The washbasin was dirty and the plastic tap, too tight to open. When she opened it water gushed with a shrill sound and splashed on her night gown. She struggled to shut it cursing it under her breath. Back in some space the washbasin tap had given similar trouble never closing fully and the water leaked, falling with a pit-pat sound irritating to the ears, but that was in her home. She remembered how she had pressed it from top but the water still didn’t stop, it flowed all the more making a pool below the basin. Gopi knew how to stop the water. He was there in a moment and closed the control tap below the basin and the water stopped completely. He smiled at her, his teeth protruding, which was quite irksome to her. He was so handy and timely. ‘Poor man,’ she thought.

Now she imagined she was dreaming and would wake up with a menacing feeling thanking God that such a thing didn’t happen with her, that she was safe and sound in her own little home, a supreme haven that it had been, a one bedroom-hall-kitchen, which she had beautified initially but later cursed and despised.

But no, she wasn’t dreaming. It was real, the present. She was sitting on the plank with nothing in the room, nothing to eat, no kitchen, no water-closet, only squashed 

and cigarette butts around.

Nitxa sat huddled, hugging her knees, resting her head on her knees. A slight knock brought her to senses. It was Priyanka, her friend. She came in. Instantly she knew something had gone terribly wrong again.

“Hi, what on earth are you doing here? You could have come to my house, five buildings away. How could you put up in this security room of the watchman, no matter how understanding he is? I was going to get milk and when he saw me, he pointed at this room, that’s how I came here; he knows we are friends.”

Nitxa’s face was all screwed up, tightened and taut. Priyanka had a plan. She told Nitxa to go with her to her house for a bath and breakfast. Then they would think what next to do. Picking up her shoulder bag and the child they went to Priyanka’s house. The lift stopped on the fifth floor. Priyanka’s mother was at the door. She looked concerned.

“Please come in. Feel free and relax here,” she said and then continued her 

 stringing the flowers. Nitxa was filled with sudden panic and apprehension. She managed to escape into the bathroom and told herself ‘everything would turn out well.’ After a bath and change, mother and child sat for breakfast. At the dining table Priyanka was cheerful. She had been Nitxa’s junior, but a good friend and still unmarried.

Tarun looked gloomily about, sitting hunched in the big chair. There was a terrible sense of loss in his eyes. He hardly made any sound. He ate mechanically staring into space.

“So why did you leave your mother’s house in a huff?” Priyanka asked breaking the silence.

“I am in no mood to talk. Let me get myself together and then we will talk.”

“Cool. Rest it out here for a day or two.”

Priyanka’s mother was singing Meera bhajan. It sounded so good to her ears. “

Nitxa felt a hot flush rising in her, her incapacity to reason out anything. In a way she has done the same, but for another man. She had left her world of security behind chasing a dream, a shadow, an illusion, but not alone- with a child.

“I think you should snatch some sleep. Go to my room and sleep.”

Nitxa meekly went to the room and fell on the bed. The pillow was soft and soothing. The bed was clean, fresh-smelling and inviting. But her mind was in a confused state. Tarun followed her meekly and stood staring at her with vacant eyes. His thin frame and joyless face made her sick. If only he could run around and play or do something other than stare at her, she thought, it would be easier for her. She asked him if he wanted anything. He did not reply but continued to stare until she could bear it no longer. “Mummy, when will we go back to daddy’s house?” he asked softly.

Under the circumstances she could not sleep. She sat up and called out to her friend.

“Looks like I have to act now,” she said. “It’s now or never.”

“Yes, you have his number, don’t you? Call him up and tell him of your sudden plight,” said Priyanka.

“No, not over the phone. I have to meet him personally and tell him. Last night I even thought of going to his flat then I decided against it. Rightfully, he should take me there, himself. I was on my way to your house only, but it began to rain heavily and the watchman who saw me struggling asked me to run into the first available shelter that was his security room. I’m sorry to trouble you like this. But…..” her voice trailed off.

Priyanka sighed and cocked her head to one side, throwing her a side glance and walked out shutting the door.

Afterwards it struck her that she need not be apologetic to Priyanka. She was the type who reached out instantly and never minded any inconvenience. She helped people on their terms.

Nitxa picked up an empty diary from Priyanka’s drawer and decided to weave all the events of her life together. She wanted some breather, some kind of let-up so that the next step would be clear.

She bit the tip of the pen thinking where to begin.

she wrote

 

It was tea time. Priyanka’s mother served tea and snacks. Tarun looked ill. “Get this child a nutritional health drink when you go out next.” said priyanka’s mother.

The next day Akshit called up and asked, “Where are you? I’m waiting for you in my apartment, I’m missing you. Why didn’t you come yesterday? Can you come soon? I have something to tell you and this will make you happy.”

Nitxa got ready to go and meet him. She was sure he was going to propose to her and they would sit and talk of their marriage. Priyanka gave her a knowing smile and thumbs up. On the way Nitxa bought the health drink for her son. She felt as light as a feather. Akshit was waiting for her in the apartment.

“O! Nitxa, where are you? I’m going to take you to my ancestral house and show you around. What is this you are carrying?”

She said it was a drink for her son. He asked her to leave it in the house and on the way back she could collect it.

They got into his BMW and he drove off to Malabar Hill. His palatial house was a much talked about one. When he turned inside the gate, the security guards saluted him. At one place he stopped the car and told her about the flowers. They got down and walked inside the garden. There were so many varieties of flowers. “If you are here, the garden would look very different and attractive. With all your creativity, this place would look like heaven.” he said.

The ground was wet and slippery and her sandal gave way. “God, my sandal broke,” she said exasperatedly.

He said, “Don’t worry on the way back we will buy a good pair. You can leave it here.” He called for the gardener and asked him to throw away the footwear in the bin. Then they got into the car and drove to the house.

Nitxa was awestruck at the grandeur of the palatial house. As they went in, she felt herself so small in that great hall exquisitely decorated in Georgian style, so typically English in taste. There was a huge built lady sitting at a table at the far end of the hall. They walked up to that table. The lady was heavily bejeweled and was doing some work on a laptop. She had heavy diamond rings on all her fingers. She continued to work and then looked up at them. “Who is she Akshit?” Nitxa asked.

“This is Nitxa, Mamma.” Akshit said.

The fat lady twitched her thick wide painted lips and continued to work, then looked at Nitxa and said, “So what have you come here for?”

“Akshit, you said your Amma is terminally ill.  Then who is this?”

“I call my grandmother Amma and my mother Mamma. She is my mother.” he said.

“You are a divorcee with a three year old boy and you have all eyes on my son? What the hell is your plan? Trying to hook my son and usurp all our property? Are you not ashamed of yourself, leaving your husband and walking out of your house? With such a stinking baggage behind you, how can you dream of marrying my son? Do you know our circle? Have you any idea who we are? My son is the only heir to 300 crores property and you, a hoi polloi gutter rat, eying my son and our property!” she went on and on with her barrage of words.

Akshit shrunk in front of her, biting his nails and hanging his head down. “Go away NItxa, go soon, otherwise she will go on insulting you and I won’t be able to bear It.” he said.

Nitxa turned round and fled from there. Then she realized she had no footwear and in a flash realization dawned on her that she had actually come to the streets! The sun baked road scalded her feet. She walked fast and reached the bus stop and got into the bus and sat down with a thudding heart and throbbing head. She was totally numb, her throat was dry; she did not even know where the bus went. The onslaught from that woman called his mother was unexpected and unbearable. She bought a ticket. When she got down at a place familiar, she had just about enough money to buy a pair of bathroom slippers from the roadside hawker. She walked down slowly to Priyanka’s house. The rude shock of the biting insult did not sink into her till she narrated it to Priyanka at night when they were alone in the room.  Great sobs rocked her body.

Tarun sat up and tried to reach her to wipe her tears. “Why are you crying mummy? Don’t cry. We will go back to daddy’s house.” Nitxa hugged Tarun and wept bitterly. Priyanka forcefully made her rest by giving her a sedative. She feared Nitxa might have a breakdown.

Nitxa picked up the diary to record the great insult of her life and how she came to the streets. Nitxa, she wrote and scratched it till the page tore and she rewrote Nisha.

After two days of complete rest, Nisha felt better. She called up Akshit in his cell, but the message came that such a number did not exist. So both, Nisha and Priyanka decided to go to the Acer’s apartment to counter Akshit also to get the health drink which Nisha had left on the table.

They rang the bell and a middle-aged man opened the door. He looked enquiringly at them. “We have come to see Akshit,” said Priyanka.

“Come in,” he said and opened the door.

“I had given this house on rent to Akshit for two years. Look at the way he has shifted the furniture. How ugly the room looks!”

Nisha recoiled in shame when she remembered how Akshit had told her to reset the room creatively and she had done it enthusiastically and he had shaken hands with her and praised her lavishly. What a fraud he turned out to be.

“Uncle, we want to meet him,” said Priyanka.

“He has already vacated the house and gone. But he has left a carton in the corner of the room. See if anything in it belongs to you.”

Both of them went to the carton. The health drink was in it and many papers and a big file. Nisha picked up the health drink and the file and opened the file.

Every single pamphlet that she had sketched and painted was there neatly filed. She turned the papers one by one and there, the one she was painting when Gopi had come for lunch was also there. Akshit had said it was urgent and had to go for printing. Why did he do all this? The owner looked over his shoulder and saw what Nisha was doing. He said, “If you want that file you can take it. Akshit threw it there saying it was all childish scrawling and a waste of time.”

His words pierced Nisha. Waste of time? It was Gopi’s lunch time, Tarun’s milk time, her home time, and he called it waste of time?

She threw the file back into the carton.

On their way back, Nisha decided to visit the NGO office where she used to sit and work. There was a remote chance of meeting Akshit in that office. But when they went inside, a stranger was sitting in the cabin and asked them what they wanted. He introduced himself as a Real Estate Agent. Then staring at Nisha said, “You must be Nisha, the divorcee with a three year old son, right?”

Priyanka asked him how he knew it. He opened a drawer and picked out a pamphlet that had Nisha’s photo with Tarun pleading for generous donation. Her name was there alright. But what that man said was even more loathsome. “One Mr. Akshit was supposed to be working for women’s cause. He had uploaded this pamphlet in the net and requested for unconditional donation. I have no idea if the NGO profited by this. And strangely, he does not operate the NGO anymore.”

Priyanka put an arm around Nisha and led her out of the office. They walked in silence through the crowd. Nisha’s cell beeped a message. Priyanka took it from her hand and checked the message. It was from the bank where Nisha had opened an account. The message said Rs. 70,000/- credited to her account by an NGO. Both of them looked at each other in wonder. “Think that you worked for an organization and you have received your pay.” said Priyanka.

The very next day the local newspaper pull out carried a small write up with Akshit’s smiling photo…

It was a shocking revelation to Nisha and Priyanka.

Nisha had touched pit, rock bottom of life with the set back and slide down.  She had been too blind, slapdash, too greedy, and arrogant to feel the carpet being pulled from under her feet.

Nisha managed to rent a small room in a slum redeveloped building. And initially for a month Priyanka decided to shift to Nisha’s house for moral support. Gradually life fell into a pattern. Now Nisha had to decide what to do with her life.

The next evening both the friends went to the market to get things for the house. They met Setu and his wife, shopping in the market. Setu’s wife walked a few distance and waited for him while he called out to Nisha and opened his hand pouch. He said, “I had been carrying this envelope for so many days now. Gopi had asked me to give it to you. You know he has gone to Czechoslovakia on business. He is now 50% partner of a Czechoslovakian company making cables. He will be there for minimum two years. And I will be spearheading his company here. He has tremendous business strategies and knowledge about cables. He has also booked an apartment in Acer’s club. I shouldn’t be taking too long, my wife won’t like it. She doesn’t approve of your attitudes, you know.” Setu trotted back to his wife. Priyanka opened the envelope and drew out a cheque with a note. The cheque amount was for 2 Lacks, and the note said, ‘Alimony for two years and signed Gopi.’

It was difficult to console the inconsolable Nisha. Finally, when she calmed down, Priyanka said, “Now look, you got to be practical. You will open an FD account and deposit one lakh in it and put the remaining in savings. You will get good returns. Be frugal in your spending. You have to work now for your living. Join a 6 months computer course, it won’t be expensive and you are sure to get a decent job. Once you land in a job, life will come in your grips. You are just about 23 years old. There’s so much to life still.”

Ten days later Priyanka and Nisha were on their way to a Mall, surprisingly they happened to see Akshit standing on the steps outside the Mall. Both of them hurried towards him and encountered him. “Why did you do all that you did with me?” Nisha asked in loud voice. Akshit turned round and said,

“Oh, Hi Nisha, I was going to meet you and explain everything, but there was no time. I did all that because I wanted to teach my Mother a good lesson. And, you know, she came round. She was objecting to my marriage, not approving of my sweetheart. So what if she is of a different caste? I love her and she loves me. So I wanted to give her a bigger shock. And she got it through you. Now she says Kushboo is any day better. Our marriage is fixed. By the way you too taught your Gopi a good lesson right, for wife-beating and all that? But I tell you Gopi was a very simple and genuine man. Moreover, you wanted to taste luxury, you were unhappy in that chawl like house, you were a willing party, and so I took my chance; didn’t you enjoy everything? It was fun, wasn’t it?”

Just then a pretty lady walked out of the Mall and called out to Akshit.

“I have finished with my shopping, Aki. Who is that woman? What does she want?”

“Oh, she? She was my client. I helped her to get divorce. Her husband was a wife-beater, you know. Poor lady and I didn’t charge her anything. Now she was just thanking me for all the help.”

“Oh, baby, you are such a darling, helping people in their need. God will bless you for it.” she said.

Akshit slid his arm around her waist and they walked towards his car and got in. The car cruised ahead leaving a cloud of dust behind.

(

……)

–END–

