AT WHAT LEVEL IS SEX IN ONE’S LIFE (PART-III)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Future is uncertain. Nobody can predict or foretell what will happen in future in his or her life. Anita never thought of her husband’s illicit relationship with another woman, but it happened.

Manik was a bachelor and had been working as servant in Sadanand’s shop since his boyhood – when he was merely twelve years old, his parents asked him to work in his shop and to earn money to support them as their financial condition was wretched and since then he had been working in the shop as servant. He never thought of being associated with Anita in all that he wanted. Sadanand never thought of her wife’s illicit relationship with Manik. All were satisfied with whatever they had had and were enjoying in the manner they liked. Anita and Manik were well aware of Sadanand’s entanglement with another woman, but Sadanand was quite unknown about the illegal affair that was in between her wife and his servant. He was so deeply indulged in her beloved’s love and romance since last fifteen years that he had no time to think about anything other than that.

These two boys were so innocent that they didn’t distinguish between wrong and right, between just and unjust. They called Sadanand “ Papa ”as their grandmother taught them to address him as Papa. They called Manik as uncle as her mother taught them to address him as uncle. They loved them both. Manik played with them, took on his laps and on shoulder and went out of the house to show the vehicles running on the road and the different types of animals, birds and beasts in the fields. He used to talk to them, but Sadanand was not interested in these things, he was thinking of her beloved and was waiting for the evening to come when he could go there and could meet her.

Anita and Manik were well aware of it, but never opposed it thinking it was immaterial what the boys addressed what and to whom.

It is logical that only mother can say who is the father of her baby, none else, In the case of Sudhanshu she knew that Manik was his father, not her husband.

 The grandmother was extremely happy that she succeeded in what she thought of and planned – marrying his son, getting issues from Anita and retaining his son’s family line (dynasty). It was just like bolt from the blue. She had seen once or twice and more both Anita and Manik on one bad but for her it was an ordinary matter under the situations and circumstances. She was knowing that his son was badly entangled with that cruel woman and wouldn’t leave him till she survived.

 The days, the months even the years were passing rather flying very quickly. It is said the days of happiness pass quickly without hue and cry but that of sorrow and suffering are stagnant, not stepping forward. Nearly ten years passed. The boys passed class ten and were admitted to nearby college. They were quite matured and acquainted with all that young men should know at that age.

 The mother of Sadanand suffered from blood sugar and hypertension. One night there was massive heart attack, doctor was called but she was declared dead.

 Sadanand attained the age of about fifty years. He suffered from many diseases. He was very fat, suffered from hypertension, blood sugar and heart disease, but he was not caring for his health, not taking medicines in time as advised by the physician, due to which most of the time he remained in the house lying on bed to take rest. His health was deteriorating day by day. He was too unable to attend her beloved all days, once or twice he went there as courtesy not on foot but by rickshaw. Staying there for two or three hours only he used to come back home by the same rickshaw.

 The eldest son had to discontinue his study and was fully engaged in his father fair price shop. The younger brother was not taking interest in study. He had seen Manik and his mother sleeping together many a time, even in a naked position and posture but was silent as the matter was related to her mother. Anita and Manik were also aware of this thing, but sanguine that Sekhar wouldn’t harm them.

Sekhar started taking undue advantage of their weaknesses. Whatever money he needed to go to movies, to attend the parties with his classmates, going to red light areas and so on … he took either from Manik or from his mother. On turning down his demand, he had warned both of them by turn to face the dire consequences, he would disclose their affairs to all and if required he would cut them into pieces while in intercourse on bed together, he wouldn’t mind even the relationship he had had with them. As such they were timid as cow before Shekhar. Shekhar followed the wrong ways and fell into bad company. He failed in the intermediate examination and joined his father’s business.

When the question of money arises, relation whatsoever it may be is badly affected. People forget everything and become furious in case their purpose is not served as per their desire. Quarrel, dispute and differences take place and end with some unbelievable incidences in the family which none can imagine of even.

**

 Writer : Durga Prasad, Bich Bazar, GT Road, Gobindpur, Dhanbad.

 Date:19th.November2014,Day:Wednesday, Time : 9.30 PM

*********

