Funny Story of First Sight Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rohan trying to convince her girlfriend, Naina-

“O Sweetheart! You don’t know how much I love you, I apologize for my mistake, please don’t get angry with me”

Both study in Nainital boarding school class Twelfth, had fallen in love from class seven itself. It’s a teenage love at first sight. Naina is angry with Rohan, because yesterday he didn’t bought her expensive gift on Valentine’s Day, just a red rose.

Naina arrogantly- “No, you don’t love me, see what Akash gifted Divya, a beautiful expensive wrist watch, I felt so inferior because of you. Just a Red Rose, Yuck!”

Rohan- “Darling, don’t see my pocket, see my heart………………….it says I love you as much as nobody has loved anyone. You just see, after leaving school Akash will totally forget Divya, but I will love you my whole life, till my last breath”

After final exams, all are returning back home. Rohan and Naina promise to be in touch and never forget each other at any cost, so what if they stay in two different places.

After result, Rohan went to Kota for engineering coaching, so that on weekends he could frequently meet Naina, who joined Resonance classes in Delhi for medical preparation, where she was staying with her maternal Aunt.

 The Love Birds can’t live without having one glimpse of each other, so, one weekend, decided to meet in Delhi, without informing their family. Their embarrassment and kisses seems like meeting after four years. Whole day, spent time together holding hands, least bothered about rest of the world.

Naina affectionately asks Rohan- “Honey! You won’t forget me naa? I have decided after completing medical, will inform my parents about you, so that they won’t betroth me to the other Guy and when they come to know you are an engineer, they won’t hesitate in our marriage. Let’s study hard and show the world that we are made for each other…………….and what about you?”

Rohan answers-“Ya! Definitely, I will also do the same”

They say Goodbye and Rohan returns back to Kota. They met like this three-four times on weekends.

But later, Rohan stopped meeting Naina, reason was none other than a new girl in his life, Khusi, whom he met in coaching. Attracted towards her charismatic beauty so much that he didn’t realize when his five years love for Naina faded. Now, when ever Naina asked him to meet, he started avoiding her, says he has to study hard to become successful so that in future he could ask for her hand with her parents. Innocent Naina had blind faith on Rohan; don’t know he was cheating her.

Whole coaching guys were fond of Khusi, but later she got impressed with Rohan, who was brilliant student, can help in her studies. As its known, a girl and a boy can’t be just friends for longer time, so gradually, their friendship converted into love for each other. After coaching classes, they spent time together, watching movies, meals at restaurant and so on.

One day Khusi said- “Dear!, I love you a lot and can’t live without you. You won’t forget me naa! After leaving Kota”

Rohan- “Never ever, I also love you Sweetie!”

Khusi- “OK then, we will join same engineering college, so that we can live together. You know what else I planned for our future? After our campus recruitment, we will marry and have kids………………….”

Rohan stops her in between-“Hold on my Dear, we have lot of time for marriage and kids, before that our career is important, so first engineering than anything else, Alright!”

Khusi got convinced with Rohan, and returns back. Suddenly, when he arrives at his hostel, he saw Naina standing outside.

Rohan excitedly- “What a big surprise Sweetheart, nice to see you here”

He tries to hug her, but Naina irritably pushed him aside- “You Rascal! you liar! I hate you, fallen in love with me and now having affair with someone else. What you thought I won’t be able to know about your rubbish deeds”

Rohan nervously- “No dear trust me I love you only, who said these stupid things to you, that’s not true”

Naina shows him a video from her mobile where Rohan was kissing Khusi in a park and confessing his love for her.

Naina gives a tight slap on his face, said- “Not true, than what is this? Thanks to Lokesh, one of your roommates who sent this to me, otherwise I would have blindly trusted you. Now, get lost you cheater! I breakup with you”

She goes away from there. Rohan speechlessly sees till her last glimpse.

Both Love Birds after entrance exams joined same college in Delhi with different trades. It was a golden period of their life, as after campus they will live in the beautiful world of ecstasy together after marriage forever. Everyone in college came to know about their love story and their full devotion for each other. Is Rohan really so much committed towards Khusi? Not at all.

 

Jassi, the new girl entered in Rohan’s life. What could I tell you about Jassi; the prettiest girl in whole college, selected as Miss Fresher, daughter of a well known Business Tycoon in Delhi, a localite dropped by her Mercedes every day, most stylish diva and what else to be said about her. Other girls are jealous of her as their boyfriends wandering around her like street dogs, but poor Khusi feels her Beau is not like other guys; he truly loves her, and will love only her, forever. Girls challenge Khusi that she has wrong perception about Rohan, he is also like others.

Since, very soon Jassi befriends Khusi and other girls, so one day they all decide to take 

 of Rohan for Khusi.

According to plan, on her birthday bash, Khusi introduce Rohan to Jassi-

 “Hey! Rohan please come here. Meet my new friend Jassi, and Jassi he is my soul mate and future husband, Rohan”

Jassi greets and clasp Rohan tightly- “Hi!………..Wow! Khusi your Beau is so cute and dashing”

These sparkling words of Jassi made Rohan internally shiver with excitement, but he can’t express it as Khusi was standing in front of him.

His crush on Jassi very soon weakens his love for Khusi. Now every time Jassi tries to come closer to Rohan, whenever he is not with Khusi. Rohan feels her aroma of love for him, so one day when she was sitting alone in college park.

 He sits beside her and asks- “Is everything fine? From few days I see you wandering around me, as if you want to say something”

Jassi sadly- “O Ya! But I can’t say, you will feel wrong about me”

Rohan comes more closer to her, says- “Don’t worry dear I won’t feel wrong for anything, you can speak fearlessly, you will feel better”

Jassi holds his hand and says-

“Thank you so much for your kind words; actually don’t know from when I started liking you………….I don’t like that bitch, Khusi roaming around you, I know you love each other, but I can’t control my craze of love for you”

Rohan feels glad to hear this, so says- “OMGs! I also had crush on you from the day I saw you………………….I admire Khusi as a very good friend, but I don’t know why she feels I love her”

Jassi excitedly-“O Really! You don’t love Khusi, love me?”

Rohan smiles and says-“Yes my Sweetheart, you are my love at first sight, not Khusi”

Both embrace each other. Meanwhile, Khusi and other girls arrive there on call of Jassi.

Rest I don’t need to say anything, you might have understood what has happened.

And this way, Rohan fell in love for three times, first Naina, than Khusi and last but not the least, Jassi.

Is this love at first sight?

__END__

