Love Short Story – Falling Out….

Photo credit: 

 from 

And after almost a year, here i was, doing one of my favourite things, filling in my diary, sipping on a really strong coffee at the ‘café around the corner’, on a beautiful lazy spring morning. It was the type of day when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold. When, it is summer in the light and, winter in the shade. Having the perfect seat looking upon the road, glancing on the passersby as they drift out of the sight and wondering, what would be their story? Oh! How I missed being me.

And this time around I was able to hear stories more vividly, crisp like the petals of a freshly blossomed flower. My write-ups weren’t mere scribbling anymore which i wanted to keep under the folded pages of my diary, for no one to see, ever. This time, those were the stories that the universe floated around for anyone to catch, with an agenda of spreading smiles.

Nibbling on the cookie, my pen was dancing on the paper performing the most sublime ballroom. A feeble symphony playing the background uttered, “thinking out loud” melodiously providing just enough silence necessary to daydream a story. Just when my phone rang flashing her name.

“No more butterflies” I thought, always a good sign. I closed the diary using a dried leaf, which fell on my shoulder, as a bookmark.

“Hello”

“Hello! How are you?”

“I am good. How are you?”

“I am fine. What’s up?”

“Not much. Usual. I took the day off. So lazing around.”

“What happened? Are you okay?”

“Yeah yeah! I am great. Just wasn’t in the mood for office. So…. You see. What’s up with you?”

“Nothing. I was just getting bored.”

Hmmm…

(silence)

“We don’t talk much now.”

“Yeah. We don’t.”

“Why not?”

“Because that’s what you wanted. Remember?”

“Are you okay?”

“Yes (chuckling) I am perfect now.”

“Really?”

“You look disappointed.”

“I am sorry for everything.”

“Don’t be. No need. We spent some good time. I have fond memories. Of course I was in bad shape for some time. But I recovered.”

“Please don’t misunderstand me. You didn’t do anything wrong.”

“I know. In fact, falling in love with you was the second best thing I have ever done.”

“Second? What is the first?”

Falling out of it…

__END__

