Story of Love-Breakup – THE PRINCESS OF WEATHER

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am gonna miss you sweetheart, I am gonna miss you a lot. Let’s hope we meet again very soon, I don’t know how I will survive the days without you but surely it’s not going to be easy. Just the thought of me not seeing you makes me crazy, it’s like a part of me is going away and I can do nothing. I know that you will miss me too but let’s be happy for the good times we have had together, the times spent with you were the best part of my existence and those memories will certainly be there with me forever. I just fell in love with you, I don’t know how.

You were something different from the whole world, I have been there with some girls throughout, but after meeting you it just feels as if this is it, this is what I need for whole of my life. Just be there with me and I promise to be there right beside you whenever you need someone and believe me I don’t break my promises.

It all started the summers last year. I saw a beautiful girl with specs wearing a green dress and bearing a perfect smile on her lips sharing the same class with me, at that time she was a real stranger to me. I wanted that girl in my life and it was really difficult for me to stop myself from going to talk to that girl.

So one fine day with all my guts I went to her, she still had the same sweet smile on her face, I didn’t knew what to say I just asked for a sheet I never really needed. That was me and her “the very first time”.  The time past we became friends, and I got attracted to her more and more with every passing day. It was surely not just friendship that we had In between us it was much more than that, we started meeting after the classes, we used to take long walks, it was a time of just me and her nothing else. I never cared about the world when I was with her, rather say I never wanted to care about the world I just wanted her in every second of me.

There were some moments I just can’t forget, the way she used to eat chocolates just lake a little girl, the way she used to talk, the way she used to act, the way she used to laugh when I did something funny, the way she used to hug me and much more, for those months she certainly had became an integral part of my life. She was something I could have given my life for a smile on her face was all I cared about. Every time there was a ring on my cell from an unknown no I just wished that was her calling.

There was a day when she came closer to me and unexpectedly kissed my lips, that was the day that changed everything between me and her, there has not been a single day I don’t remember that day and that kiss. I don’t know when but I just got addicted to this girl, I started taking her to my home where we used to talk, we used to laugh, we used to play, we were just like the love birds who wanted to fly together in the limitless sky till eternity. It was a life better than the life I had imagined in my best dreams.

I was sure that something bad had happen with her, I was hopeful that everything will change once the classes resume but nothing changed it all got more and more complicated, I didn’t wanted to believe whatever was happening, I just wanted it all to be a dream. But it wasn’t. as the days past and she kept on ignoring me. I tried to talk to her allots of time but she never responded to anything, it felt as if she has lost everything for me. Even today I don’t know what the hell happened but surely that one month and 24 days thought me that the life is never as you expect it to be. I just suppressed all those feelings I had for her and started thinking “maybe that’s just how she is”.

Still there was not a day I dint think about her she was like the drug I was addicted to and this addiction was going nowhere even after all my fucking efforts. And then just as the winters were ready to depart one afternoon I received a call the sound was something very familiar to me I didn’t wanted her to call ever again, I was trying to get over all my feelings for her but that call changed it all again. She was talking as if nothing has happened and I was not able to get whatever was happening. After that call a lot happened but all I know today is the fact that that girl feels the same way for me as I do.

So you’ve never accepted someone’s proposal till today, let’s see what happens with me, I just realized that I never really proposed you so I am surely no in that rejected list yet. You remember that white dress of yours?, yeah the dress that converts you into an angel, believe me you look someone else in that dress, someone out of this world. So here it comes

“MISS EKTA “I LOVE YOU FROM ALL OF MY HEART”, I SIDDHARTH PROPOSE YOU TO BE WITH ME TILL ETERNITY. I PROMISE TO TAKE CARE OF YOU TILL MY LAST BREATHE, IF YOU ACCEPT MY PROPOSAL PLEASE WEAR THAT WHITE DRESS THE NEXT TIME I MEET YOU. AND NO EXCUSES ARE VALID.”

Please wear that white dress na and make me the first accepted one to your life, and I won’t listen to any of your excuses, I will just think it as a rejection if you don’t wear that dress. Even if you you rejected me it won’t hurt me that much, I will be there waiting for you my love for you will always remain the same “AS CONSTANT AS THE POLE STAR”…

THANKS

__END__

