AT WHAT LEVEL IS SEX IN ONE’S LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Story is not merely an imagination but it is a statement of incidence that the writer sees with his/her own eyes, hears with his/her ears and reads somewhere in the newspapers or magazines and so on. This story is based on facts and figures, incidence one by another occurs before the eyes of the writer. This story is mainly about a woman whose husband is entangled with another woman. The husband goes out of the house every evening and comes back late in the night. The young wife at night becomes so stimulated for sex that she surrenders herself to the salesman and sleeps with him every night to satisfy her sexual hunger. Nobody can say whether she is wrong or right, only can opine. Sex is as essential as food and drink, then she is right, she does against social ethics, then it is wrong, a married woman should not entangle physically with another man in sex in any situation. It is too difficult for us to know woman’s character, even God who has created woman to run the world is un ware of her character, doesn’t know to what extent she can go for her sex satisfaction and can be even cruel to fulfil her thirst for sex. The reasons behind inhuman behaviour are very obvious, but very difficult to judge who is responsible for such an act which is against all social ethics- mother, son, his wife, salesman, his eldest son, his wife or his youngest son – all these characters are there in the story who play different rolls of their own in order to serve their own purpose, fulfil their own desire irrespective of social ethics, tradition and culture, and who is right or who is wrong is too difficult for us to hold one person responsible for all that happens unusably in the story.

 Now the story is placed before all of you to decide judiciously who is the culprit in the story that such an unusual, unsocial and immoral incidence has happened even beyond our imagination.

 Moreover a question arises at what level sex is in human life.

 It is a story of such a family comprised of mother- Kalyani and her son Sadanand.Sadanand was running a fair price shop. He was getting food grain from the govt. godown. Rice, wheat, sugar and kerosene oil are the main items which he was bringing every month and selling to the ration card holders at the prescribed rates. During the stipulated period whosoever came, he was given ration, who not were denied flatly that the ration was sold, nothing left out to give. He used to sell the ration thus saved in the black market at higher price. His monthly income was more than what he spent on food and drink for the family.

 He was over aged and every time he was refusing to marry. As per the custom and tradition mother was very worried about his son’s marriage. Why his son refused to marry she wanted to find out. She came to know he was badly entangled with a school teacher. Much more portion of his income his son spent over that woman. He visited her regularly and spent the night also. Knowing all these things mother was searching a girl of her caste to marry his son. A girl of a very poor family was located whose parents were ready for marriage provided they did not demand anything as dowry.

 The son said clearly to her mother that he would not marry as he was entangled with a woman whom he loved most and lived with her as her husband, even then the mother compelled him to marry on the plea that he was a man, could have wife in house, could spend night as and when he liked, none could stop him managing both – his beloved with whom he had got the illicit relationship and the woman – his legal wife. The benefit was that he could be father the moment her legal wife gave birth to babies, but it was not possible as she was impotent, even in seven to eight years she could not be pregnant as she came to know from the reliable sources.

 The son could not oppose her mother as she was right in many points she put up to him.

 The date of marriage was fixed and the bride was brought from her parents’house and in a nearby temple his son was married as his mother wanted.

 The bride was very young nearly fifteen years younger than her husband in age. Her husband appeared an old man in her eyes, even then she accepted him as her husband and as in such situation and circumstance of the society and surrendered all that she possessed as an obedient wife to her husband in the first night, second, third and so on. The husband remained in the house whole day in doing the business and whole nights with her wife in a single bed.

 His beloved permitted him to marry on a condition that he would see her in her house nearly quarter mile from his house.

 Seven days passed but he didn’t go there. Reminders after reminders started coming through the messenger.

 Though the consent of the beloved was properly taken for marriage, but with a condition that he wouldn’t leave her, he would be attending her as usual.

 Though he was sleeping with his young and energetic wife and enjoying all that he wanted, but his heart was somewhere else, only his body was there on bed with his wife.

 One evening he said to his wife that he had some urgent call from the supply officer, he would be going and would be late in coming back.

 The wife quite unknown of his entanglement with another woman, allowed him happily.

 In a month he left out in the evening a number of time , leaving his wife awaiting, went to his beloved, remained there till late in the night and came back totally exhausted.

 Thus on every such night he slept with his wife but lifeless, mean to say dead. Woman who sleeps with his husband regularly marks everything about his behaviour, about his ways of action and so on..

 The wife apprehended that something was wrong with his husband, otherwise he could react sleeping with her after returning late in the night. She started finding out the reasons for leaving in the evening with some pretendance and coming back late in the night. She took the salesman in confidence. The salesman was very cunning like fox. He was very young and energetic too. He plotted a plan to take advantage of that opportunity.

 He said to her, “ Madam! I know everything.

 Why are you standing? Come closer, sit here and tell me the truth.

 Babu has warned me not to tell anybody, even you otherwise he will throw me out, and then I will be of nowhere.

 Don’t be afraid till I am here, moreover I am not going to tell anyone, even Babu(He called Sadanand as Babu ) I want to know only where he goes out every evening and for what?

 Madam! It is not the right time to disclose it, let me finish my work Babu has given me to complete.

 She was so anxious to know it that she told Manik ( the name of the salesman ) not to go anywhere, let the go to hell, first of all tell me, only then go out. She caught hold of his hand and forced him to sit beside her.

 Manik was very clever to deal with anyone, he has the bitter experience in dealing with the customers. He knew how curious she was to know and could pay any price for that. So he stood up and said to her that he would tell her at midnight before Babu came back in the morning at about four.

 Four! She exclaimed with surprise.

 Yes, it is the time when Babu comes back these days.

 I never marked it.

 Because you didn’t think it necessary.

 Not like that as you think, in fact I was too tired of waiting and went to bed, was in deep sleep by midnight. You see I have to do lots of household work from dawn to dusk, no rest at all even in the afternoon when the whole work is over. Babu’s mother asks me to serve her this way or that way. She doesn’t want me to take rest even for a couple of hours. She abuses me if I am late in attending her.

 Manik left but unwillingly, he wanted to see how impatient she was to know about where Babu went every evening and why.

 As usual Manik closed the shutter of the shop, went to take meal inside the kitchen, she was already there waiting for him.

 “ So late today?”- she asked. It is nine thirty.

 Lots of work, I was arranging everything in order, tomorrow we will have to distribute sugar and kerosene oil, too much crowd, we will have to control and satisfy everyone.

 Take meal quickly and come to my room, I will be waiting there.

 Well, I will come and apprise you of the whole … ?

 I understand, don’t repeat it.

 Manik finished meal as early as possible and hesitatingly entered her bed room wherein she had been waiting anxiously.

 Why are you sitting there, come closer, sit beside me and tell everything fearlessly, none is here without us.

 Manik was so clever that he had created sheer curiosity in her and wanted she would invite him to be closer, ask him to sleep inside the house.

 As allowed by her, he sat beside her but so far.

 Why so far? Come closer so that I can listen to you clearly.

 Manik came closer and sat just beside her.

 Now alright. Tell me comfortably.

 You cannot stop it.

 What? You come to the point. I am losing my patience as you are diverting me from the main point.

 Babu has another wife … since long… about ten years…

 What!

 Yes. Believe in me. She was living twenty kilometres from here, recently Babu has built a house here merely ten minutes way from here on foot. He goes there every evening, remains there hours together, eat, drink and be merry there. You cannot stop it.If you object, Babu may go to any level and do harm to you. Don’t say anything, keep mum as if you were not knowing anything, I am here to help you… ”

 She intervened in the matter he was disclosing and asked, “What help you can do?

 I will tell you later. Till then please wait.

 I cannot wait so long, one minute is precious for me. I can go mad.

 Don’t be sentimental, don’t go mad, live life happily as Babu.

 While advising, he patted on her thigh… once, twice and thrice, she didn’t object rather she understood what he meant to say.

 Madam! I am very clear about the affairs and also very clear about what you should to under the circumstances and situations. Don’t take it seriously, rather enjoy life as Babu does, I am here to help you.

 How?

 Like this… he embraced her under his strong arms and laid her down on the bed, kissed her lips … untied her blouse … did …?, then one step further smashed her all round, she didn’t object, rather supported him.

 Enjoyed both so immensely that night that they for the first time realized what sex was and to what extent could be enjoyed together in intercourse.

***

Writer : Durga Prasad, Bich Bazar, GT Road, Gobindpur, Dhanbad.

 Dated: 16th. November 2014, Day : Sunday.

 Contd. …

 *****

