Love Short Story – A LETTER

Photo credit: 

 from 

Like every other day,I dressed my child up and took him to the bus stop for his school bus.It is mid June but the monsoon has not started yet.The weather is really hot and humid.

I bid my child a good bye and headed towards my home.As I was opening the door,I checked the letter box just in case of some electric or telephone bills but surprisingly found a personal letter.It was enveloped in a white paper.The letter read my name.I opened it.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The letter read no more.I read it once more and confirmed what I read were actually there.For all these days I believed that I had loved Aayuh and he merely left me alone.

I went inside the house and sat on the couch. I still remember the day when we met. I was eighteen and recently had a fight with my best friend. She had betrayed me. I was in low spirits. I had not got over the matter. I had to go a wedding ceremony, persuaded by my parents. I was sitting in a corner of the hall, ofcourse thinking about my best friend and how she betrayed me. Suddenly a boy came up to me and asked,”Are you Puja? Recognize me?I’m Aayuh.”

He looked very average and had quite an average height in comparison to normal Indian males.

“Sorry”,I said,”I am Apeksha. Puja is my maternal sister.”

He apologized.”Both of you cousins look alike.Hello,I am Aayuh”.He held out his right hand as a mark of a new friendship.

We became friends and he was a great company at the ceremony and kept me entertained with his charm and humorous jokes.Gradually,we became good friends.We exchanged letters often.I told him about my best friend and how she betrayed me and how I felt about it.He consoled me and told me he would not do anything like that with me.We were distant relatives but that distance seemed to overcome through the words scribbled in some papers.He was my maternal uncle’s friend’s brother’s son.

Gradually I felt,I was loved,cared and wanted.He made me feel so important.We never thought this relation to give a name or perhaps this relation was beyond words.Was it love for a friend,a brother,a companion or someone very special.Buth we both knew ,we loved each other very much.

For a few days his letter brought a hesitation.He was worried that our friendship could not last long when one day his letter stopped coming.I waited for days,months and years at the end.I sobbed silently at night.I spent so many sleepless night thinking about him when I finally realized how much I loved him and how much I wanted him by my side.I wrote letters without any reply.I went to Puja didi’s house.She said they had some quarrel with Aayuh’s family and that they don’t talk anymore.She failed to give his new address or phone number..

I made up some reasons behind his sudden disappearance and believed them.Time passed.His memory faded but I could not forget him completely.I grew up and got married one day.Now I have been married for seven years.I have a five year old child.Everything was just perfect when I received his letter again after fourteen long years.

Now,I know that the love which i had for him was mutual.I should be happy with that.But I wish he never send me this letter and I never knew it for now I can’t live with the truth hidden within myself.

__END__

