Short Love Story – STRANGLED

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I often wonder ,what would you had done , if we wouldn’t have met”

 she was lying on his lap , staring at the sunset far away at the horizon, listening to the noises made by beetles and crickets , a faint sound of whistle blowing was coming from a distance.

He was watching her ,playing with strands of her hair, he has always been fascinated by it. She rolled her big eyes to meet his trance as he came out of it and said ” i would have died” .

 and she couldn’t suppress her laughter , she laughed till tears rolled out of her eyes, she had always been a big fan of his humor,his witty comments blended with reality.

He smiled , he always loved to watch her laugh , ” Does Nisha di know , what we are doing today”

” Yes ” she replied.

” You shouldn’t have told her ”

” She is my sister ,Aarav ,i know it would be very hard for her , but she trusted me when she decided to go away with Karan ,and we share every secret”

” I understand , Chhavi ,but you know what they did to Karan and this thing is bigger than a secret. ”

He sighed, as he watched her go back to contemplation, he felt hopeful that she might change her decision ,he didn’t wanted to do this with her, but she wasn’t contemplating about her decision , she was contemplating about her sister, and how she will deal through this. Her relatives will be furious , but they wont be able to do anything about it.

Sun was a giant red orb now ,preparing to land at its final destination as were they , he hated watching her going sad from her thoughts.

 ” i want to know one thing , what did you think of me when you first saw me at college”

She smiled and so did he ” I hated you , and you were this arrogant boy who wouldn’t listen to anyone and never let anyone speak before him and you were mean to people, i thought ,What an egoistic idiot”, She said teasing him

” Ahh ,that hurts ” he grinned

It was nearly twilight ,horizon was painted with shades of yellow, red ,orange and purple and the sound of whistle was grew louder ,

” What did you thought about me” she asked now

” When i first saw you , i saw a pretty girl, with her head headed to skies, too proud of her beauty , i knew you were haughty and thought yourself of as a princess ” he said as she made a face at his comments

” But i knew,somewhere” he said with a honesty that even heaven would have vouched for him “that i will love to be with this stubborn girl for the rest of my life”

and she couldn’t resist smiling.

The sun had set now, and the whistle was now a thunderous deafening sound .

Newspapers the next day reported about two lovers that committed suicide , a reporter asked the girls sister ” Dont you wish they hadn’t met”

She only said ” They would’ve died if they wouldn’t have met”

__END__

