Suspense Love Story – Forbidden Romance

Photo credit: 

 from 

He had met her for the first time in the reception of his office. He had just joined the office as a manager of accounts department leaving his old job for a better pay and benefits. He came to office on time and waited for completing his joining formalities in the reception.

He could not help but notice the receptionist. Her skin had a dark hue and she had jet black hair that was long and straight. Her unconventional looks attracted him and he could not take his eyes off her. Although, dark-skinned women have always been looked down upon in India, this girl seemed to have mastered the art of self-confidence that exuded a unique charm. Her svelte figure and dark brown eyes complete with a smiling approach towards every person passing by the reception or stopping by for enquiry made her all the more charming. His attention was broken by a sweet voice calling out his name, “Mr. Rakesh. Please proceed to the conference room for completing your joining formalities. The deputy manager is waiting for you”, the receptionist called out to him with a sweet smile. He immediately got up feeling embarrassed for eyeing her without a blink in his eyes.

After completing his formalities, he was told to go and start his job the next day. Being lunch hour, the receptionist was not at her place. He waited for her for some time and then left feeling awkward.

The next day, he came early than usual but did not find that receptionist. On enquiry, he was told that due to sudden demise of her father, she could not come to office and that she may join after a week. He wanted to see her somehow. So, he took her address from the security and went to her home. He reached their house and he could see a crowd gathered in her place along with the Police van. He was surprised to see the Police van and waited in one corner to meet her in private. After the crowd dispersed, he came and met her.

“Hello, I am Rakesh. I joined your office yesterday. I am not sure if you remember. I was waiting in the reception lobby for joining formalities. I came to know about your father today morning and came to offer condolences,” Rakesh said hesitatingly.

“Yes, Mr. Rakesh. I remember you. Thanks for coming,” She said with her usual smile which seemed plastic with her sad eyes dried with tears. Her old mother was sitting in a shock without any movement.

Rakesh felt uncomfortable there. He sat for some time and then left. But, he just could not keep her out of his mind and his mind constantly revolved round her thoughts. Her beautiful mesmerizing eyes had a strong hypnotic appeal.

With days, he became more and more attracted towards her due to her mysterious appeal that made him weak on his knees and finally, one day he proposed marriage to her. She said, “But, Rakesh. You don’t know anything about me. You just know me as a receptionist in your office. Apart from that, you know nothing. How can you think of marrying someone without knowing anything about them?”

“Rosy, I know that I am in love with you and that’s all I need to know. Anything else hardly matters. I will come to your house today evening and ask for your hand from your mother,” he smiled reassuringly.

She smiled back and said, “My mother is mentally unstable due to my father’s death. So, she may not behave normally.”

“It’s okay. I understand. I will take care of her,” Rakesh comforted her with a warm hug.

In the evening, Rakesh rang the bell of Rosy’s house. An old woman opened the door. She looked at him questioningly. Rakesh introduced himself and told her the purpose of his visit. She got startled and with a gape, she told, “What? Are you mad? You want to marry Rosy? Don’t you know who she is?”

Rakesh understood the old woman’s unstable state and comforted her putting a hand on her shoulders. “I know who she is. I love her and will accept her however she is. Please do not worry.”

“No, no. You are not able to understand. You cannot marry her.”

“But, why are you saying so?” Rakesh now became slightly hyper.

“Because, I am a man dressed as a woman and I enjoy to treat myself with a man’s warm blood.” Rakesh turned his back and could see Rosy standing there like a man. She came there hiding her hands in her back and grinning wickedly took out a knife with a glazing shine that she was hiding. She stabbed him mercilessly on his chest splashing blood on the walls. On seeing him die, she started crying hysterically with her whole body shaking, banging her head on the wall.

Her mother recapitulated how Rosy had killed her father and her brother that day with the same knife and convinced the Police about her split personality behavior so she was given a clean chit. And now this…. But with her confidence and perfect acting, she could convince anyone……….

__END__

