Sweet love story – A dream come true

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once in a land of roses there was family with not much wealth all they had was the farm filled with roses of different colours. The parents had 2 children both of them were girls and they loved helping their parents with the family business which they own called Flow of Roses . Every day was normal for the two sisters kotoko was the eldest and kohoko is the youngest. In every girls dream there will be a perfect prince so did kohoko used to thing .But as years past both kotoko and kohoko grew up and they were in the age to get married and now kohoko waited for her true love .It was a day of celebration as the royal families get together and for this day kohoko’s family waited for as they knew when they were teenagers there was a royal family get together and it was their duty to decorate that great place and now it was their second time to do so. Kohoko and kotoko knew what they had to do at that time their parents managed it and now it was theirs .kohoko knew what kind of flowers should go where she had drafted a sketch of the hall. And finally there was only 2 days for the event to happen and now kohoko kotoko and the family went busy.

They started off and exactly after two days the flowers which they had plucked were to be bloomed after two days and the same happened and the decorations were so amazing that the royal families kept praising .But who knew that kohoko was going to meet her true love in this event. At this event kohoko’s family was also invited because kohoko’s parents knew most of the royal families as they had worked with them before. As kohoko’s parents and her sister were talking kohoko was so not into introducing herself so she went out and stood in the gallery were fresh breeze embraced her, the moonlight touched her skin and she was like an angel to admire. There was exactly a same person who did not like himself introducing. He was the prince of Andalusia He was called Prince Len. He too went out to stand in the gallery as he saw a sweet angelic figure who was kohoko. As he went near her kohoko knew there was someone standing behind her. As she turned back Len was struck by her beauty it was as he dreamt of the maiden he wanted in his life .But kohoko did not know that it is len who will be her true love.

As days went by len had the desire of meetin her and to talk but he did not know who was she. But now his parents decided and told him that they had found the right girl for him but len’s desire was all into Kohoko who he had described her as angelic figure but he did not want to disappoint his parents so he agreed with them. But he had no clue that it will be the same girl who he saw in the gallery. And so Len’s family was off to see the girl as he entered and desired to meet his maiden of dreams his fate had brought him to her. Kohoko was also shocked that it was the prince she saw in the gallery. And when their parents told that it was her that len should get married it was like a dream come true for him. And at last before they left he was left to talk to kohoko now that he knows her name all alone. As they spoke it was like their desires met each other and deep in kohoko’s heart she knew that it was her true love the prince of her dreams. So in about a week’s time they were going to get married and all the preparations for their marriage was over and finally that day came as they Len and kohoko was going to walk hand in hand in difficulties and happiness. And even kohoko’s sister was going to get married to the landlord’s son also and they all lived happily ever after.

A SHORT STORY OF LOVE OF YOUR DREAMS.

BY

Dessie Donna Fernandez.

