Love Short Story – A Perfect Family

Photo credit: 

 from 

I’m not sure how my life would have turned out, if I hadn’t met Will when I did. But of one thing I’m sure. It wouldn’t have been this nice.

It was a beautiful summer day, when we first met. It was raining unusually, and I didn’t have anything to protect myself. I always took roads that were untravelled in hopes of discovering something-which I’m still not sure of. I found Will anyway. And that was more than a blessing.

I was standing there in the initial shock of the rain. I was drenched, alright. And that was when he came by. I still ask him why he cared to stop, but the only answer I get, is a smug smile. Maybe it was ‘love at first sight’ for him.

He came over to me and said, “Hi…I mean, Hello. Um…do you need a ride?”

I was all ready to refuse his offer, because I thought it as some deadly trap, when it started raining even more heavily.

“It is no longer a question”, he said with a smile.

Now that I think about it, I wonder why I got into his car when he said that. I mean, I was 20 and I knew martial arts and stuff, but I’ve never done anything like that before. Getting into a stranger’s car just because he asked you to, I mean. I think it made me look kind of weak or something. Because he started helping me in. Yeah, right, like I was incapable of using my own hands. But I didn’t say anything, much to my own disappointment.

I told him the way to my house, and then he started talking. Music, movies, books, every one of his interests and likes coincided with mine. I didn’t say that to him, though. When he reached my house he stopped talking, and just sat there. He didn’t tell me to ‘go’ or anything. He just sat there. I looked in the mirror, in hopes of finding answers for this strange behavior. His expression was unreadable. Well, I didn’t have the slightest idea of what he was going through, so I said, “Um…what happened? Can I….go?”

He looked in the mirror at me, his expression still unreadable, and said, “Yes”.

I looked at him for a moment, and then opened the door to get out. After getting out, I went and stood next to his window and said, “Thanks for the ride. I’m obliged to you.”

Oops….. I knew that instant I had said something wrong.

“Really?” he asked, his face brightening up. “Obliged to me, are you?” Uh-huh, I was in for trouble.

Thankfully, my mother came out. I introduced her to Will and him to her. After some cordial remarks, Will excused himself and went. I can’t say ‘went away’, because he didn’t. He came back…..for me. I realized I felt lonelier than ever, when he went that day. And then, after several visits from him, I realized I loved him. And I love him still.

Today is our fiftieth wedding anniversary. I married when I was 22. A reasonable age to get married, I guess. And as for our children, we have four. Two boys and two girls. Of course, now they are not ‘boys’ and ‘girls’. They are adults and are married. And yes, they have children too.

Together we all make what you call a ‘perfect family’.

 __END__

