Love Short Story – From The Classroom…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Elias came to background of the college, where she had studied half a decade back. She leaned against the buttress of library of the said institution. She felt herself on the cloud nine, for she’s going to get her dear friend as her life partner within few minutes.

As the big bell in belfry moved with motion in air, she lifted her crescent-moon chin upwards; something reminded her and gleefully watched the orange grew sky. Some crows flew in all the direction. She could hardly remember her first day in this institution. As her father farewell her on the entrance of this institution, she was all alone.

She felt to cry loudly, as no friends of her were in this college. Everybody seemed to be strangers and none were ready to mingle with her. She silently crawled inside the class room and made her seat on the first bench. Half for half an hour was remaining to begin the class. Now she must wanted to go back home, for none to share a smile with her were present in class

“Hello” saying a boy came and sat beside her “oh, it seems a new comer” he continued and flattened his right palm to shake the hand. Elias actually hates to speak with boys, as she was of opinion, boys were rough and tough. But, this time she must wanted someone to speak.

“Hey, I’m Elias Christa. From the other city.” She replied and introduced herself to a new one.

“I’m Alex Helen” he said. Both shared smiles and the day was carried out with nothing special.

Helen, always, used to return home, instead wasting time in restaurants. This time, Instead of returning home early, he felt to invite, his new friend to a cafeteria. So he did. Till this day, Elias too had never accepted invitations of her friends. But, this day she had to, as she disliked dulling his face.

“You know. I felt so lonely, before you come today”. Gathering some courage Elias said.

“Every new one must. For they are away from native” answered Alex “aren’t we your friends.”

“Yeah, it seems. You are only to be a good friend” Elias said. It was sure common for Alex, first day friendship. So he didn’t care too much.

After their cups ran empty, both raised and reached their residence. All along her way she thought of his entrance in her day and his role in breaking her aloneness. She truly believed him to be a true friend, as he only was in her life, who helped her, in her loneliness.

Next day she came early to college just to spend some time with Alex. As Alex came, both shared their views and pains. Alex had never till this had grown so close friendship with anyone.

This became a daily-routine for Elias. Most problems of her were been solved by Alex. In many cases, Elias too sacrificed something for Alex.

Once in library, Elias fell due to giddiness. Excluding librarian none took the matter serious. But Alex, when learned this, left sprinters track and joined Elias. This created a sense of love in Elias for Alex.

Elias doubted herself, whether she fell for him. Whenever Alex entered classroom, she used to feel more energized. Instead of Elias others could now express their inner feelings. But, Elias being a respected one didn’t try to express her crush.

Most the time, The way he greet her in morning… the kindness in his speech… the obedience he posses… the way he farewell her at day break… all these attitudes of him made her must to express.

“I often feel, have both we fell” Elias expressed her feelings with pounding heart.

“True love comes for those who wait” flatly answered Alex and added

“Some Battles Have To Be Fought Alone,

 Some Paths Have To Be Crossed Alone,

 So Never Be Emotionally Attached With Anyone.

 You Never Know When You Have To Walk Alone”.

These words challenged Elias to prosecute her feelings for long.

Though she never again tried to say she fell for him, she actually did it. After hearing those words from her he too began imagine her in his dreams. But he didn’t act crazy as those others did.

In her nineteen years of life she had never fell for anyone so much like as she now for Alex.

Studies were, when completed, both unhappily broke. Though both lived far from each other, they kept in contact. How long can one be away from the dear one? In one of the message Elias requested Alex to join him. So they decided to join, where they had earlier been for three years…

Her eyes now were dazzling more than any fire-ball. Her Heart was pounding heavily and each second ran longer than a day. But, to her luck, he came before in time she estimated. She gleefully watched his each step walking towards her. She smiled heartily as Alex placed his palm on her shoulder. She immediately made her head rested below his chin, and her hand lay on his chest. It felt so right to have her in his arms.

“True love comes, for those who wait” he said and smiles heartily.

“At last true friends grew one” she said, with oceans of tears in her big-round eyes and hearty smile on pursing lips.

 Sun drowned and darkness spreads… two tall shadows could be seen under moonlight…

__END__

