[THE WHITE COAT  ‘ONE’ – Love Short Story]

The reception and the corridor were empty when the blue-eyed boy entered the nursing home of Dr. M.K. Williams in Southall, with a limp in his right leg and pain on his face.

THE WHITE COAT  'ONE' - Love Short Story

It was the month of September 1997 and by chance newly appointed Resident Physician Juliana Fitz Water was at Duty Doctor’s desk discharging a child with his mother. She was from New Zealand, her face was hidden behind patient’s mother, but she spoke gently something to her. The eyes of the guy dilated by about 25% & a wave of bliss engulfed his psyche. Then that gentle face came upwards with her white coat, bringing additional light to the desk area. However, the lightening had already struck the blue-eyed guy, but his pain helped hiding it. Further – he had to wait for few minutes, better for him.

However, he could tell, his doctor (oh sorry, Miss J.F.F.), that, suddenly, he had got biting/throbbing pain in the great toe of his right foot during the last one hour. As if a honey bee was still boring into it. He was told by the Dr. that it would be examined in the minor O.T. So, he was guided to the nearby room by a nurse who just started peeping off from the small ward inside.

Juliana Fitz Water saw a huge sack of blood and pus hanging from his toe! It was shocking how could it got developed in less than an hour as told by the lad, that too in a foot covered in shoe! However, she thought, GOD’s ways are not easily understandable to us. She belonged to the Maori-dominated area of Auckland, her family was followers of Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. However, unconsciously sensing the infinite trust between them, she forgot about even asking for his consent for minor surgery / informing him and immediately brought the instruments just sterilized and operated the toe after preparing it.

The blue eyed guy was mesmerized and under pain too. Then she cleaned-the-wound-she-created ‘intermittently’, to reduce his pain. The staff-nurse accompanying smiled behind but was silent.

The surgery was over, a bandage was given and she went out off the room along with nurse, then, without knowingly turned back and stayed for a minute there before being called by the nurse. He was under pain, but noticed it. The blue eyes remained in for next 10 minutes to receive two shots by the Nurse.

He came out and Dr. Fitz Water handed over him a prescription, giving directions to come on alternate days for dressing changes. Then Mr. Winston Smith went out after paying at the cash-counter but without an important part in his chest.

During next 40 hrs. he kept smiling at the empty walls of his closed room with eyes wide open and mouth slightly.

This guy was a changed man now. After 4 hrs. sleep, the help gave breakfast to Mr.Winston and he went to the care home of Dr.M. K. Williams. Dr.(Miss)Juliana Fitz Water changed his dressings with minimal pain, he returned , of course, but, with some pains and was already without a major muscular portion in the chest area; he felt a little pain there too.

This person , a young executive went to his job the next day, but returned early. He went too next time to Julia , but (un)fortunately the wound healed few days after and the heavenly sights stopped.

The Irish-origin executive was from the lineage of Henry Tudor but after a dacoity and murder of some of his family members he came to London to make a career for him and to serve his mother and ill sister. The police was investigating it as one of the cases under ‘Personal Robberies Section’, which was of Pound 2 millions worth and 3 murders.

The lady in the white coat came to his dreams with or without it. Her Sunflower shirt mesmerized the boy again and again and he was unable to do anything, so helpless. He tried Bible readings again and again but in vain. His sleep was now halved and the rest of the time he was smiling at walls of his room.

Next month he attempted a minor road accident but (un)fortunately couldn’t succeed and couldn’t reach the care facility again.

However, two months after; when both of them were confused, they met again when Mr. Smith “intentionally” decided to go to Southall for a knowingly spicy Asian lunch, to bring in heartburn leading him to :nowhere else but ‘there’. He went through Watery Ln, Ruislip and Halwfrey avenue, Church Road to Bengarth Road v. fast to reach there.

Luckily, she was there, but …again in a white coat.

Despite the zing-thing being felt by both of them, the dutiful duo, hided it to their best and a prescription of antacid and anti anxiety drugs was exchanged.

After two more visits in next 6 months, Mr. Smith was overwhelmed and went with a beautiful card to her but found she was not there and had left to Aukland…

Behind the curtain, the Asian wife of Dr. M.K. Williams was very zealous of outspoken and really beautiful Kiwi-girl and pressurized Williams to instead appoint a physician of her choice. He was nicknamed Ashraf and was unaware of all this.

Now the search started in the twentieth Century by Smith without any clue as such……. Let’s see how GOD makes them meet in THE WHITE COAT TWO , where they are found as exchanged their vocations, their countries but without any direct contact from the days when there was no fb, no orkut, little mobile telephony etc. !!!!!!

