Love Short Story – The unconditional love

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is always said that there is no condition in love. When you are in love you do not care about anything else. You just worry about your love and you can do anything for his/her happiness.

Ritika and Ishan were childhood’s friends. Both went school together. Both played together. Both did homework together and always help each other. Both spent their childhood together.

Both stepped on the edge of the youth. Both were still together because both were in the same college.

 Their friendship was always deep.

It did not realize that,when the friendship has turned into love? But this love was one-sided, which until now was only felt by Ishan.

Today both’s friendship were completed 20 years.

Today Ishan wanted to tell everthing to Ritika. They were to meet today in St. Peter’s Garden. Ishan was reached ahead of time. He was wearing blue denim jeans and a black shirt which was gifted by Ritika on his birthday. Ishaan was getting nervous. He was practicing,how to express his love?

Ishan was eagerly waiting for Ritika. Ritika came later. She wore pink Patiala suit. He was very pleased to see Ritika because normally Ritika did not wore suits.

“Hi Ishan , how are you? Say what you have to say? Let me also tell you something. “Ritika said.

Ishan thought Ritika is also feel same as he feel for her. So Ishan said “First you.”

“My marriage has been fixed, this morning my father’s closest friend came to see me with his family thats why i came late. ” Said Ritika.

Ishan felt that he has lost everything in an instant.

“Congratulations” Ishan said to Ritika with heavy heart.

Ritika was very happy.

 “Say Ishan what you wanna say. ” Ritika said.

Now Ishan didn’t want to tell anything to Ritika. He didn’t want That because of him tears come in Ritika’s eys. He gave a bouquet of flowers to Ritika.

“Today our friendship completed 20 years.” Ishan said.

 “Ah.. i forgot that .. sorry ..Ishan” Ritika said.

“No problem. Well what is the name of your future husband? ” Ishan asked.

“Rohit.”Said Ritika and showed his photo in her mobile.

“Next week he is coming to Delhi, we have to prepare a lot. Ishan will you help me?” Ritika said.

“Of course, is it also to ask? “Ishan said.

Rohit had arrived to delhi. Rohit’s annual turnover was 3,000 million. Ritika met to Rohit. Ritika called Ishan,because Ritika wanted that till her marriage Ishan would stay with her. Ishan was totally broken from inside. He was looking his happiness in the happiness of Ritika. Ritika introduced Ishan to Rohit. Today all of three were going to look for a wedding card.

“I want the best wedding card, no matter how much should be spend” Said Rohit and overlooks Ishan.

They were going into a shop. Suddenly Rohit’s phone rang. It was an argent call so he picked up and got busy. When bride’s and groom’s names were asked for publish the wedding card, incidentally Ritika gave the name of Ishan for groom instead of Rohit . Ishan rectified the mistake. After that they were going to buy dresses for marriage. Rohit was still busy on phone. Ishan helped Ritika for buy the dresses.

When the three were going to home after shopping, then Rohit stopped Ishan, out of the house and said, “You know Ishan ,today i was not able to give the time to Ritika. So i want to spend the tomorrow’s entire day with Ritika. If Ritika wants go anywhere with you, you just avoid her”. Ishaan nodded his head.

“Ishaan! just got a call that the card has been printed. Come with me to take the card.” Ritika said.

 “Today i am very busy. I have a lot of work. You can go with Rohit.” Ishan said.

 After collecting the cards Rohit and Ritika went for lunch.

 Today Ritika was feeling the lack of Ishan. It was a strange feeling.

After lunch Rohit gave the diamond ring to Ritika. Ritika was with her future husband, but still she was not much happy. Now it was love or something else? Ritika was not able to fix it. But she definitely felt some emptiness. On the other hand, Ishan was too feeling discomfort.

Ritika yet not been able to decide that what she feels for Ishan? Was it only the bonds of friendship or something more? Ritika wanted to meet Ishan just once and wanted to know that what he feels for her ?

 But now these days Ishan was making distance from Ritika. He did not want anyone to know that what he feels for Ritika ? He just wanted the happiness of Ritika.

The time of marriage was getting close. Ritika still confused between Rohit and Ishan.

Finally Ritika came down for the wedding. Pandit began to chanting the holy ‘mantra’ of wedding. Ishan’s eyes in full of tear. Ishan was going from there with a heavy heart.

Suddenly Rohit stopped the pandit.

 “I have to talk to Ritika.” Rohit said.

Rohit took Ritika into a room.

 “What happened Ritika ? Are you not happy with this marriage?” Rohit asked.

 Ritika’s eyes were in tears. Rohit had understood the whole matter.

 “Come with me” Rohit said to Ishan. ” Have both of you seen your faces? It is clearly written on your’s faces that both of you love each other. So why are you taking so long to express? When was the first time i met Ishan. I felt that Ishan loves Ritika. But when i spent a whole day with Ritika, then I found out that even Ritika also loves Ishan. That time i was decided that i would realize both of you that you love each other very much” Said Rohit.

“I love you,Ishan” Ritika said crying.

“I love you since childhood,Ritika” Ishan said.

“So why didn’t you tell me?” Asked Ritika.

“I Was afraid. When I dared to tell, Until then your marriage had been fixed. I just wanted your happiness. I did not want to be the cause of the tears in your eyes. I thought I will bury my love in my heart for forever.” Said Ishan.

Ritika and Ishan cried and hugged each other.

“Love never die my friend,never” Said Rohit and both of them hugged Rohit..

__END__

