The Unfinished Business – A Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“You make me complete.” he said while kissing her on the forehead, holding her tight in his arms. He was in his towel, right from the shower, waking Jessie up, it was 8:40 in the morning.

“I love you Levi” she said feeling every breath of his on her skin hugging him, he was smelling like citrus scent of some body wash and fresh like a flower that blossoms, he was plain and fair in complexion.

There was a moment of silence, they were experiencing the inner peace. Their souls were calm, indeed they were complete with each others presence in their lives.

“Lets get to the work, hurry up Jessie and dress up quickly.” Levi said while he was getting dressed up and scrolling through his phone to see the weather and all other stuff so as to begin his day. He was all that kind of guy who buried himself in the gadgets, video games, keeping up with the latest news on the gadgets trend.

“Give me 5, I’ll be back after having my shower.” Jessie said rushing to the bathroom with her towel. She was more of a girl who cannot bear unhygienic stuff, fussy about everything. Cleanliness was like her daily oxygen.

They both were ready by 9:45, 5 min for Jessie it means 20-30 min then she has to do her makeup and hair that would take forever if she was in the mood.

As always Levi has to wait for her downstairs on his bike which was his first darling maybe the second because the first was his mobile, though it was his brother’s and Jessie came late making him wait for like 5-10 min and as always she forgot to get one of her belongings, today it was her mobile. She tried calling up to her own mobile from Levi’s trying to search whether it’s in her handbag but she found that she has forgotten at their rented flat. They have reached half of the way to office and it was impossible to go back in that sunny day even in the month of November in India and the traffic was crazy. Thank God they got their other roommates too. Richard Chacloff and Sara james. She called up Sara to get her mobile.

Early morning’s meeting has already started in the office and they were late by 5 min, i.e, the time was 10:00am. Jessie always stood in the morning’s meeting facing Levi just to have enough of glance of him, sometimes she would mess-up her turn by fumbling because he was in her mind till that very moment then she has to manage recalling the previous day’s work and the progress, put them in a couple of sentences and sometimes she has to come back from a reverie about how if she get a chance to kiss him right at that moment.

###

(To be continued…)

