Friendship (vs) Love

Two friends from childhood, venkat and shalini. Shares every moment in their life.

Shalini has special feelings towards venkat, she don’t know since when it started but she never confessed her feelings to him as she afraid of getting reject.

For venkat shalini is a good friend.

Fate plays

One day a girl(Charitha) came into their life.Venkat has started to have special feelings towards charitha.

Besides,charitha finds out shalini’s love towards venkat and started supporting her love.

Love (vs) Anger

Venkat has shared about his feelings towards charitha to shalini.Shalini felt too sad and she didn’t tell to charitha about his feelings and started to hate her.

Shalini clearly knows that charitha doesn’t have any kind of special feelings towards venkat also knows how much venkat loves her.

Even though knowing everything she started treating her badly.

She also said to charitha neither see nor talk to venkat.

Charitha didn’t understand shalini’s behaviour and felt bad for sudden change in her.

Confession

Besides,one day venkat confessed to charitha but unfortunately got rejected.

Venkat is a good friend to her and she doesn’t have any special feelings towards him.

Sometime Friendship Hurts

Now charitha clearly understood why shalini has started hating her and felt bad.

Charitha thought shalini as a good friend and supported her love but shalini hated her without any word,which hurts more.

Sometimes Hiding Feelings Might Cause Losing Something Important in Life

If shalini would have confessed her feelings to venkat,who knows might be venkat also had started liking her,.

Between two friends there is no rule that both should feel the same way,if one of them has special feelings towards the other,then they should confess, then some day the other one may feel the same.

Here shalini didn’t confess her love and venkat fallen for charitha,as a friend shalini should understand venkat but she didn’t.

True Relationship

If we love someone truely we should accept everything from them either positives or negatives it’s called a good relationship.

Also any relationship requires understandings then no one get hurts.

Never ever hurt some one in anger. If you hurt someone then hurt will hurts you someday.

–END–

