 You know what?

Everything is planned in this world by your destiny, we are just a puppets who acts on the action of the maker, everyone has some pre-planned story but no one knows when it sudden comes in your life and become an important part of your life and then sudden it disappears and gave u sweetest memory to feel for rest of your life, some times that memory become a reason to live or survive.

‘Love is something like that’, which can’t be explained it might be a feelings or some attachment, it is like an air which you can’t see and touch, but you can feel the presence and its existence, Well my story would sounds to be like that, very uncommon and unusual. Perhaps in this destiny plays a very drastic role to make a story. What happen when you want love in your life and you have power to fly but you don’t know that love is in the air.

Similarly our story begins with a hidden love feelings but with extraordinary charge. It starts with the first day of arrival of junior batch in our college premises, and we were playing kho-kho for college level nodal competition. In which we (senior batch) conduct audition of junior student for a college team, reason behind audition was not to find players from junior team but to explore new entrants of hot chicks from the junior batch. Some of my batch mate done their job well and find two girl for playing eleven and some other students were restricted by faculties that time junior were kept with final year student not with second and third year senior due to ragging issue. College management kept that student with super senior because they considered super senior batch as a sensible batch, however they were not.

Our college bus shift ran into two shift one is for second and third year student who come college two hour early is in first shift and other second is for first year and final year who comes in second shift. We were part of first shift but we prefer to go on second shift due to kho-kho practice and some other guys from our team who stay there for talking with junior girls, really worked hard to set any one of them, but unfortunately they failed.

One day when our practice got over, we pack up and went towards bus for going home, that day we were bit early at the bus ground where all students talked in group before going to home, so girls and boys kho-kho team were starts gossiping, like leg pulling and taking about some nonsense stuffs and suddenly Akashi said; she wanted to take someone’s intro from junior batch now and all others girls starts to give support to this point, then after a huge discussion I said: let’s do it.

Then we starts finding girl nearby ‘from junior batch, and then after searching a lot sudden my eyes focus a girls face who is standing with his friend with smiling face, she wore college uniform with tugged hair to a ponytail, first time someone looks better in pony tail then an open hair, when I saw her first sudden the whole world disappear and my focus shift towards her and time-lapse starts slow like everything’s stops and working slow .We made eye contact for nanoseconds, But in those nanoseconds something wrong happened to my heart. Like suddenly my heart starts showing his presence.

 No.. no no no…..

 I wouldn’t say I fell in love with her.

 I wouldn’t even say I felt attracted to her.

 But I felt something deep which cant be explain, strong enough.

 

. And then I lost my focus like a drunk.

 Woooshhhh…..Aabra ka daabra!!

Miracle happens like ‘Almighty accept my wish, girls with us call her to come, and I was shocked.

She freeze ‘afraid with her eyes down.

She came to talk with us, she was confident enough but bit afraid with us. I was standing at the left side of her when she was talking with others, she gave her whole introduction.

 But, ‘I didn’t hear a single word out of them’.

Other team continuously fire one by one question on her and she became nervous then I stop introduction there itself and made her free because I read her face that she was not feeling comfortable thereafter like her whole energy turns into sorrow but unfortunately still it was one of the beautiful face, well sometimes it is hard to find why you found a person beautiful, but that was her flawless skin complexion who had turned from cream to pink to red?  That’s what we call a beauty who attracts your attention and never let it go. Thousand question was running in my mind about her but I don’t want to lose any chance to see her rather than asking stupid question, after that she went out. And then some of my junior comes to me and asking her name for searching her in social network, ‘I denied,’ not because I felt insecure but because I didn’t  heard ?

As always our bus starts running from college and I went to my bus with thousands of thoughts.

‘I was sitting on the window sit with eye closed’.

 ‘Moment were repeating in my mind’.

 Like ‘burning inside by cold waves who gives u lesion but at some time they heal your wound’.

‘I reached home and sleep then’.

~~~~

(to be continued)

