A LOVE LETTER – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love may or may not be expressed in words, but actions done out of love definitely speak louder than words.

Zkzkzkzucckkk…went Mike’s typewriter. Rachel was sitting on her office chair comfortably, unfazed by the buzz of the office. The telephones were ringing, clerks were distributing tea, some were busy with the water cooler gossips and some were looking at their watches,longing to go home. But this peculiar noise startled her. She saw Mike waving at her through the glass. There was a slit in the  glass. Mike was typing something on the typewriter. He turned it towards her, and a paper fell from the slit on her table. It read:

Dear Rachel,

A very happy marriage anniversary to us! I will be waiting for you at Myst for dinner. See you, my lady love :D

Mike.

She found this gesture very sweet. She was excited  because she loved going out and spending time with her husband.

The much-awaited night came. Mike and Rachel settled in their seats at the restaurant. He held her gaze for a very long time. The air was filled with romance. They held hands and talked in muffled tones. Rachel was suddenly distracted by a couple at the other table. She saw a man, giving a gift with a handwritten letter to who it seemed to be, his wife. The lady seemed to be very happy. Any woman would feel on top of the world. At least,Rachel would.

She always felt that letters that were handwritten were a true reflection of one’s feelings. She also liked this medium of communication because since childhood,she had conversed with her mother who lived far away from her through handwritten letters. Rachel secretly wished that someday Mike would also write her an elaborate love letter. After dinner was over, Rachel went to the restroom. She saw the same lady,who was a couple of minutes ago,apparently very glad. Strangely,now she was weeping bitterly.

Rachel couldn’t help asking her ,”What is the matter dear? Can I help you in any way? ”

The lady replied, “My husband doesn’t love me.”

On further nudging, she revealed ,” He showers me with gifts and letters,but it’s just a show. In the depth of his heart,he doesn’t love me. Sometimes, I am subject to domestic violence. He thinks I go around with other men. ”

Showing the letter to Rachel,she said , “This  is a token of love. But,the love is not there. Without love, it is reduced to just a piece of paper. ”

Rachel told the lady,”Don’t be dejected. Everything will be fine. Have faith.”

After sometime,Rachel left with her husband.

The next morning, Rachel was in her office,walking towards her cabin. Before she could enter,she saw Mike standing right near his typewriter.

Rachel asked, “What are you doing, Mikey?”

Mike said,” The typewriter fell down. I was making sure it wasn’t damaged.”

Rachel looked at him suspiciously. Mike felt that now was the time to reveal a truth to her about the typewriter.

He said,”It isn’t an ordinary typewriter,Rachel. It was the first typewriter your father bought out of his first salary and using this typewriter , he had written his first book. It is not just a machine.It has a value beyond money.”

” Why didn’t you tell me this before?” ,Rachel asked in a mellowed tone.

Slowly, tears were coming out of her eyes. She was reminded of the unfortunate death of her father.

“Because of this”,he said,while wiping her tears.

” I didn’t want to see you cry.”  He added, “It is our inheritance, Rachel. He gave it to me before his death. I always want to keep it safe. I only use it on special occasions because it has a special value attached to it.”

Mike and Rachel looked at each other lovingly. They hugged each other tightly. That day, Rachel realized that love cannot be expressed by material things. The value of love is more than anything else in this world. She learnt that Mike not only loved her,but also loved her parents. Now any handwritten letter couldn’t be more special than their love.

__END__

