Love Short Story – A Strange Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a strange story, may be you haven’t heard a story like this. Its strange because it took me around 7 years to convey my feelings to my beloved, you must be having many questions in your mind. Read this story and you will have all the answers.

It first started when I was 14 years old. I was coming back from my tuition classes when I saw her for the first time. she and her sister were going to the market , I had always heard of “love at first sight” but understood its meaning that day only. She was dressed in a green colour salwaar suit with matching bangles, what really attracted me to her was her light brown curly hair which was the most significant part of her beauty. I came back home and was sitting on the chair thinking about her, her beautiful face and ravishing smile was still flashing in my mind.

I had met so many girls who were really beautiful but I never felt like this before. I was in a dilemma kind of situation that whether its love or just infatuation. Next day I went back home from tuition through the same way expecting to have a glimpse of her again but all in vain. I also tried to look for her in the market but failed to find her, so I came back home

Other day I thought that I would try to look for her in all nearby places where usually girls of her age love to hang out. I went to the nearby parks, eating outlets, Tuition centers, the famous golgappa walas, ice cream shops but found her nowhere. Days passed by and I never saw I thought what if I saw her again, should I tell her that I like her..no no it

 would be too early, I shall ask her to be friends with me.

Many questions were arising in my mind, will she would be friends with a person like me?? Its not that I was coward or was scared to tell her about my feelings but there was one reason to my hesitance in speaking to her. I “stammer” while speaking, because of this reason only I had no friends .I didn’t want to talk to anybody because sooner or later they used to make fun of me, so I just decide to stay away from my classmates and other friends. I was shy to speak in front of the crowd, just wanted to stay secluded and lonely . But this time I was thinking something else, I really wanted that girl to be love of my life on any condition. But I was also aware of the fact that no girl would like that her boyfriend stammers, not even if I’m the only man left on earth.

It has been three years that I saw her, I started thinking that she must have been come here to meet any of her relatives and would have left on the same day but I was not able to forget her and still wished to see her.

One day I was in the market assisting my father in buying vegetables and to my surprise I saw her again. She was in the stationary shop with same girl with whom I saw her before. I didn’t want to take my eyes off them because I wanted to see where they go. I told my father that I had to fetch some notes from my friend’s place and I had to leave, so I immediately followed them.

I wanted to see where she resides so I was quietly following her, they were simply walking and were not talking to each other at all unlike other girls of their age who can’t keep quiet even for a fraction of a second. I saw them entering a house its address was b-34 type 3, I remembered the address and was happy about the fact that she resides only 1 km away from my house. I came back home and was thinking about the today’s incident only, after three long years I saw her again.

But soon the smile on my face was gone as I still cannot dare to convey my feelings to her. I was sad about my inability to speak fluently like others and I had nobody else other than god to blame for this. Its not hat my parents didn’t try to cure this inability of mine but maybe I didn’t have that strong will power or maybe I didn’t do much efforts. I decided that I would try to cure my inability and will definitely succeed.

I decided that I would undergo speech therapy classes in order to do away my stammering habit. I searched on google for the nearest speech therapy centers and spoke to them one by one. I soon joined a speech therapy centre. In the beginning I was shy to go there because there was no body of my age but later on I made myself comfortable. I had decided no matter how much time it takes I must cure my inability to speak properly.

This time I was putting best of my efforts , practicing the speech therapy tips with enormous will power. It became my routine to go to speech therapy classes after school and in the evening I used to go near her place expecting to see her. I noticed many things about her, her sister was her only friend, she used to stay outside her house not more than one hour and one thing that I was worried about most that every month she along with her their family used to visit to the hospital. But later on I thought it might be that they used to go for a routine checkup .

This went for 2 long years and now I was in first year of my graduation. I used to practice to speak fluently in front of the mirror keeping in mind that one day I have to purpose my lady love. I loved to see her every evening playing badminton with her sister, I felt like speaking to her but was waiting for the right time to come. She was growing beautiful day by day and I was the secret witness of her blossoming beauty.

On the other side I was seriously improving with my verbal skills , I was not able to believe myself that I was just few steps away from speaking fluently and it was more than enough to put a smile on my parents face. I was studying in first year of graduation and was hoping that she also must be in twelth standard or in first year of graduation but I never saw her going to school or college. I have seen her sister going to school but never saw her going along with her.

I completed my graduation and got job offers from various companies and the thing that I was most happy about was I no more stammer. I started my first job in a reputed company and now the time has come for which I have been waiting since many years .

I thought that on this valentine’s day I will purpose her and tell her that I have been her secret admirer since I have been in 10th grade. I had written a speech to purpose her when I saw her for the first time and now it’s the right time to make use of it. It was only two days left for the valentine day to come ,I was thinking whether she would accept my proposal or not .She doesn’t have any reason to say no, I said to myself I have a good job, I’m a good looking grown up guy and the most important thing that I love her more than anything in this world, what else does a girl want.

The dooms day has come, I decided to tell her my feelings today only. I felt like a student preparing for IIT entrance exam whose 3 hours will decide his fate for which he has been preparing for last 2 or 3 years but here it was just 2 minutes and preparation was since last 7 long years. I thought that I would go near her house and speak to her.

When I was on the way to her home I saw her in the market, she was along with her sister only holding some book in her hand. I didn’t have guts to speak to her but somehow I managed and took the name of god and stopped her

“Excuse me “.

They gave me a weird look, I said

“Can I have a word with you”?.

Her sister was about to say something but I stopped her,

“I knew that I won’t get this chance again so I just puked what I had prepared.”

I said “I saw you for the first time when I was in 10 th grade, since then I have fallen in love with you. Before seeing you I was just living life but the day I have met you I started loving life. It took me 7 long years to tell you that how much I love you, will you be my valentine I will love you all my life till my last breath”.

Suddenly her sister interrupted “Are you crazy what are you saying?, you know her since last 7 years and you don’t know one thing.”

I said “what”.

She showed me the book that she was holding it says “LEARN SIGN LANGUAGE”.

She is “deaf and dumb”, damned.

__END__

