Article on Love – Forget Me Not !

Image Credit: 

10. 08. 2013

My dear friends ,

 I am happy to know that all of you have grown up and studying in some schools , colleges and institutions where co – education is provided for boys and girls equally to study together irrespective of caste , creed or blood. You are fortunate enough to study here for the sake of building your career, for the sake of gaining knowledge, for the sake of interest you have had for a long time to be an important part & parcel of it .

Dear friends! Opportunity never comes again. Avail it marginally and achieve your aim / goal / objective of your life which you have targeted before you join it. Always remember your mother who has given birth to you, has taught you to walk and speak . Always remember your father who has spared time and money for your proper nourishment and better education. Always remember your younger brothers and sisters who love you most , respect you most and expect a lot from you . Don’t indulge in any bad habits. Be good and do good.

Beautiful is everything you see and find there but the world you enter after a few years on employment , will be more beautiful than these trifle things. love everyone but don’t fall in love with anyone – if you are a boy , with a girl or if you are a girl , with a boy because once you fall in love – you will go falling & falling gradually into such a ditch from where you cannot come out and after that ?

Know love , its stages , its effects , its results , its consequences , its boundary , its limitation , its order , its discipline , its guideline , its social ethics and what not ? Love is something else which cannot be defined in black and white. It is a feeling that comes from within one’s heart or mind. It is abstract. It is eternal too. Here what I talk about love , it is wholly, solely and exclusively is between a lover and a beloved, none else.

When we talk about love, it is a sensational attraction of a man or woman towards some opposite sex i. e . a man towards a woman or vice versa , a boy towards a girl or vice versa . It is absolutely between young girl and young boy, young woman and young man. Love takes place irrespective of ages, caste, creed or blood. At first stage it starts with eyes to eyes. One and the other see each other casually, then constantly, feeling about each other is conveyed through facial impression from one to the other that takes place as a sort of acknowledgement. When it is acknowledged, it is quite reciprocal.

In case it is ignored or rejected, it is absolutely one sided love. It is normally from female side. It is crucial part of the affair of love that one thinks that the other loves him but in fact does not at all. In my opinion if such thing happens in one’s life, he or she must forget it for ever. One must not be mad after such love which is absolutely one sided. One must not be depressed . one must not commit anything wrong under excitement or emotion or provocation Life is very precious . Once gone, gone for ever .

So utilize every moment of your life for yourself and for one and all concerned in right perspective for a right cause at the right time . It is your sheer duty and responsibility too towards your family , your society and your nation – so called your motherland . The eyes and lips of human beings are very sensitive organs of body. Eyes also have their own language. They can speak even. They can express what one feels about each other. It is one important part of love that is transmitted. The other important part is at receiving end or point. The eyes on other end must understand that of the one hand, only then, attraction towards each other starts with.

Once it (attraction) is started, each is anxious to see , talk and exchange views about each other. Two different sex attract each other as two poles of magnet. They are always anxious to see , meet , talk , touch , catch hold of , embrace around , kiss and so on … All such acts are of exciting nature – provoke the sexual organs of body that male compels the female for intercourse. Here male’s excitement or emotion is much higher than that of the female. As per natural law she cannot express or invite first. Through her body language male can guess whether she is willing or not, she agrees to or doesn’t.

Once sexual desire so awaited is fulfilled, there is no end of it ,rather it is the beginning of the end. In fact sex has no end at all. It is renewed every now and then the moment intercourse takes place between the male and female. The level or extent of satisfaction or enjoyment that one part or the other or most probably both get in intercourse or out of intercourse cannot be described in words. It is so abstract that it can only be realised or felt. It may differ man to man , woman to woman , age to age , time to time , place to place , situation to situation , environment to environment and so on … but the level or extent of satisfaction or enjoyment is always there irrespective of scale or measure. Sometimes it is within expectation or sometimes beyond that. It tends to fluctuate time to time.

It so happens due to nature, mood and mentality too. The age, the period or the time we are passing through, can we imagine love without romance and sex ? It is a subject of research. It is a topic of analysis. It relates to psychology. It is a matter of philosophy also . One may differ in opinion to the other, but what about the conclusion at the end? Everyone is free, fair and frank and may opine his or her independently. First of all I am of the opinion that love, romance and sex are three different dimensions of one’s life . They are co- related , they are netted together but even then there may not be sex due to certain reasons attributable to the affair of love in between the couple in question. There is order – to obey, there is discipline – to maintain , there is guideline – to follow , there is social ethics – to observe and what not – in order to succeed in life ?

Dear friends ! after going through it , hope you have understood what I mean to emphasize in context of love , romance and sex . Do believe now you are at ease and in comfort .

 With best wishes !

Sincerely yours ,

 Durga Prasad .

 Date : 10th August 2013 , Day : Saturday .

 ********************************************************

