An Article – Love is a Fashion

Photo credit: 

 from 

In this modern era everything has changed. We can say it a Hip-Hop era where everything is considered so normal and usual that no one cares what is happening to others. Now, if a girl gets engaged with a boy of her age is considered as normal thing. This living relationship has become a fashion for everyone and if any girl or boy is not engaged in this then they are considered to be old fashioned or dumb. Modern girls and boys give priority to this relationship above all things in their life. One day I met a young couple in an auto, you may call them girlfriend-boyfriend. They were busy in themselves without caring of others who were sitting beside them. Old people who were sitting there were having odd feeling seeing this but they did not care. One of the people sitting there said that 

Some of you will be thinking that these things are common now-a-days and may be some of you will be in support of above statement. I will say that, yes, both of you are right. People are able to say such things because we have made it so common for them. But I want to ask one thing from this new generation that is it right that our elders feel ashamed on us and we don’t even bother about that. They are just busy in following a trend of having relations without thinking what they should really do.

Why is it so?? Everyone has right to live their life according their way but everything has its limits and conditions. People in old time also used to fall in love but they were not shameless. And if we talk about modern love then there is no purity and honesty. Today it is a time pass for the young generation. They think that if one goes then another will come in their life. It is not only true for boys but for girls also. Even if I talk about my classmates (girls) they also have 2-3 boyfriends and some have even more. When I say them that it is wrong then they just reply me that living with only one person is just a boring task. It seems to be shocking but not for them.

They do not understand its demerits. They are only busy in enjoying their life. Enjoying life is good but the path chosen for it should be right. We are seeing that young generation does not believe in marriage. Reason is same. They get bored seeing same person in their life. For getting over from this boring schedule they acquire wrong paths to enjoy life which lead towards a drastic end. This end could ruin someone’s life or someone’s soul. Women harassment and increasing level of divorces are its examples. It is totally true like that if a bird is in habit of flying above in the sky and suddenly it is caged; then it will have only two ends. It may be that whether she will compromise with her life or one day she will fly away by deceiving her lord. And very few people compromise with their life. Men think that they will never compromise. They have a gut feeling that no woman can underestimate them. And a woman thinks that why should she. If she is educated then it became a plus point for her. She thinks that she can live alone without her husband and can take care of herself and her children by doing any job.

It just not affects their married life but their children also get affected. When they see their mother father in this way they also get depressed. In a very small age children realize truth of life. It has also been tested that children living in such environment get psychologically affected and are unable to live their life happily. Sometimes it becomes so drastic that they get attracted towards wrong path like addictions of drugs and alcohols which hurt them both physically and mentally.

We all know that it is not going to end or even stop. Now everyone wants to enjoy their life without caring about what is wrong or right. Some of you who are reading this article may be thinking that it is their personal matter. They can do whatever they want. Then I will say yes, it is their personal matter. But I will also say that if it is their personal matter then do not let it be public. Because their personal matters are becoming so public that it is affecting society.

BY:       ANURAGINI PATHAK

 

