Article – i AM sorry..!!!!!!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

How simple is it to end a love story..it starts with three magical words i love you…and ends with i am sorry…life takes a u-turn..but never tells you when…

A boy had  a fight with gods..he challenged the gods that his love will win..war happened and the war ended and the gods won..

he said you can take away the person you love ..how can he take her from his heart..he took a vow..he would rot in hell then bend in front of the one who took his love away..he didn’t know whom to blame for his loss.

dying would mean a disgrace to his family..living would mean a disgrace to his life..he couldn’t face the loss…life isn’t the same without her. faded ..yes thats exactly how he felt..hoping every single moment when he would wake up and get up from this horrific dream..he tried all he could..he hit the wall drank smoked nothing changed ..his heart ached more then his hand..he couldn’t imagine life without her..no matter how hard it is …

how stupid his love was..he was just a nobody…but let me tell you something sometimes gods are just not there..you made your own world..you are the god…stop hating yourself …life brings you surprises ..you will be surprised to know…brightness of the sun..pinching your eyes..pinching in your heart…true love has a special ending..sometimes its not about compatibility..its just the love..plain old love..who cares what the other person likes the most..one true common thing is the love…that’s all that matters..ending is not ending if its not a happy one…when love is true.no god is greater.

look into the mirror your eyes filled with tears …why are you crying? cause your love trying to come out..stop hiding…let it out…let the gods know…and that’s what he did,..he let it out..tears are connections made between two..when someone cries for his love the other person looses his tear..it took years to build something as wonderful as love..and it took three words to end it..how stupid..when you love you just love…stop fooling around…why think about compatibility..? when you didn’t think about it when you loved…i am sorry…???????no i love you is what you meant to say…just say it ..it feels good..

__END__

