Is she ‘The one?’….

Is she The One who will laugh at my shi*y Jokes? Is she the one , the only one who can tolerate me?

Is she the one who can love me like no one could ever do in this Millennium?

Is she the one who will complete me? Is she the one who can pour some Magic into my life?..

Like this and many more questions surrounded my head with mixed emotions of doubt, excitement, etc when I saw her. ‘She could not be the one’ , my mind said. In contrary to that as always bloody heart skipped its beat already and confirmed that ‘She is the one’.

:

I was in the middle of the class sitting and listening to one of the most boring classes in the History of Engineering which is none other than ‘EMF’. And yeah I was pursuing my 3rd year in Electronics and Communication Engineering. Please don’t ask me in which college because I would’ve mentioned if it was something to be proud of. Now coming to the ‘Life-Changing Distraction’ in that boring lecture, She came into the class for an announcement to be made. That was the 1st time I saw her in the last 3 years of my college life and I cursed myself for not seeing this beautiful thing in my whole college.

She finally made the announcement stand in front of my whole class.  Sitting in the last bench I tried to pay attention at-least to this in my whole Engineering career. I was madly mesmerized by her whole appearance, her posture,her structure ,her smile, her speech, her cuteness and Man! of-course her cute little dimples. I fell for her at the moment when she looked at me and smiled. Truly I didn’t listen to even a single word she spoke as I was  in awe of her beauty. ‘Don’t go’ this time not only my heart also my mind said along with me when she left. I found that she was going to host a technical event in our department. Being an average student, average looking guy, a 5 on 10 like me tried to impress her by entering into that event.

After the announcement she was completely inside my head not leaving me even for a single second. Usually when a girl strikes like a lightning in guy’s life what every guy will do ‘Follow her’ but me in the contrary didn’t want to do what every other does. Rather I reminded my family and was trying to forget her as I know that my family will never accept a love marriage. Still something inside me was telling that a miracle could happen. I didn’t believe my instinct. I saw her a few times in the Canteen , in the veranda, in the parking lot and in some combined classes. Finally the day came: ‘The Technical Event’. I didn’t want to impress her in any way as that left me a while ago  since I want to concentrate on mys studies and get a good job and earn as my family needed the most. Unfortunately I won 1st prize in that event. In the valedictory function me and my friend was prepared to get the prize from our HOD. She announced  my name in front of whole auditorium compiled with my fellow department mates. I was dumbstruck as if she was calling for someone and I couldn’t believe it was me. It took some time to recover from that sweet voice as I thought I was in my Naming-ceremony once again. I controlled my feelings on my way to the stage where she stood. Yeah we looked at each other , right in our very own eyes without closing for 10 seconds. Something hit me inside saying that she is the one. I felt as if she was born for me in that 10 seconds. Even she too felt that we had some connection which we couldn’t even explain. Then without any further reaction in my poker face I just went with my friend and collected my prize. The whole auditorium erupted as we won the prize beating all other departments. It didn’t even reach my ears as I had only one voice knocking my ears to listen. Whose can it be. It was her’s. I just went down with her voice around my head repeating my name same like when she announced in the stage.

Like a splash final year came and I was the placement coordinator for my class and Guess what so was she in her class. We two were the placement coordinators for our whole department. I decided to withdraw my post as I was scared to lost in her thoughts missing my goal. But it was a great opportunity for me to get in touch with HR’s and other members of some recognized and dream like companies. So I decided that whatever may be the reason I should not withdraw as only thing i focused at that time was my Family. Me and her worked very hard in getting placed in a reputed company, getting others in our department to get placed, organizing every single thing when a company visits our college, giving training to the ones who are struggling to get placed and also studying for our respective semesters.

Placements were over and we two succeeded in getting every single person in our department to get a job. Until that time I didn’t think that we were actually speaking with each other, we were working as one , we were having an actual conversation over phone, we were all alone planning for the upcoming companies, arranging everything when a drive was there. DAMN! ‘What the hell was I doing rather than getting to know each other better’ my heart started the usual thing which my mind opposed. I really didn’t think that I have not only spoken to her but also worked with her together as one. But everything what we had in between us was more of a coordinator to coordinator sort of friendship and nothing else.

I missed the thing we had lived in those 10 unforgettable seconds of our life. The moment we had in the stage. I suddenly longed for her though I tried not to think about her. I couldn’t eat,sleep and behave as a normal person. My friends used to ask me the reason for my bad mood. I didn’t answer them. What can I say to them? That I’m in love with her and was being a coward not to tell her that I really loved because my family won’t approve a love marriage? That I’m giving a lame excuse ? That I’m sacrificing my love for my Family? That I’m being an total shit-hole not to fight for the girl whom I love? That I’m being afraid that if she not accepts my proposal?- Though millions of questions surrounded me I was not falling for that since my mind didn’t allow me do what my heart wished me to.

FAREWELL- arrived . I can say that I was the one who was waiting eagerly for the fact that I didn’t like my college and after this I need not attend any class and didn’t want to act nice to anybody again to whom I don’t like. And now I wish this farewell thing could have arrived later as I could’ve  had more meaningful conversations with her , spend more time with her other than arranging for that fucking placement drives. But I know that I can’t go back in time to do all those rather accept what it is. The night before farewell I took my phone typed a long passage trying to convey that how much I want her badly and  with so less time she had made me go mad for her and how I fell in love with her.

Like always didn’t have the courage to press the enter button. Erased everything and typed good night and sent.Got a reply within seconds with just two letters ‘Gn’ to which boys get irritated the most. Boys would type long paras and these girls will reply with only one word as if they are answering an one-word quiz. But I didn’t get irritated rather I smiled which was strange. Guess it happens if you’re in love you’ll laugh for no reason. Seeing those two letters I slept.

Next day came. A colorful morning. Everyone came in their best dresses which suited them.Girls wore saree. I was in a blazer, a black one – my most favorite one. I went to the auditorium along with my friends. The day seemed to be nice. And then usual speech by boring teachers started. I was the only one who was searching for her to the nook and corner of the auditorium  and when a guy just leaned I found her in my left corner. She wore a black saree with matching blouse. Unexpectedly we wore in the same color.

“Oh man! What a sight it was!!”, “god if you just extended our farewell I would just come to your temple and I would donate 100 Rps”, “look at her smile it is the only beautiful thing I can ever see in this crowd”. Like this there were numerous voices circling my head. After those boring speeches there were many dance performances, photographs taken,some awards to best students in the department and many more.Soon clock stroked at 7 in the eve. Our management had arranged a grand feast for all. Were were searching for plates and bolted to see the items to eat as it was a buffet. Securing the food items safely in our respective plates we planned to sit on the steps opposite to our physics lab. Wherever I turned there were full of happiness, food fights, huge laughs, guys stealing jamuns from girls, some even clicking pictures with mouth full of romali rottis dipped with paneer butter masala. Later we finished our dinner. Each and every corner we could spot a couple cuddling, hugging while taking selfies and their friends were protecting them from staffs whose eyes were everywhere. I stood outside the college gate and was chatting with my friends.

She came outside like a fairy in a black saree. This rhymed right? ha ha yeah. I saw her, She saw me. Something inside me was telling rather pushing me towards her to have a final yet some good talk with her. To my surprise she came towards me. My whole body was shivering and seemed like I was paralyzed or something as I couldn’t speak or move even a single part of my body. Trying hard I went towards her. She said ‘Hi!’. I too did the same.

Me: So how was today?

She: yeah was good. Where were you? I was searching for you.

Shocked me stood there motionless.

Me: you were searching for me? (I made a hi-five with her inside my head and continued) Well here I am. So ?

She: so? Me: So tell me?

She: tell you what? (with a strange smile)

Me: Why were you searching for me?

She: hmm. Simply.

ME: Is that so? Simply you were searching? for no reason?

She: yeah for no reason (dumb ass! She would’ve thought )

Me: Then?

She: Then what?

Me: You look gorgeous in saree! My favorite color too:)

She: Oh! same pinch and thanks. You look good. You seem different in this.

Me: Is that different good one or a bad one?

She: Good one idiot! (I was stunned as this is the 1st time she had said something like that)

Me: Thanks! Was great to come from you madam ji !

She: oh ho ! sir ji.

(Suddenly there was a dead silence between us . We were just looking in our respective eyes without even uttering a single word. I broke the ice by saying)

Me: I’ll miss you :(

(I didn’t know where did that come from. I was completely out of my mind. DAMN! Shouldn’t have said that)

She: What? (I thought she was gonna leave from there or gonna hit me hard in my head but to my surprise)

She: I was gonna say the same thing. Doesn’t know why but I’ll miss you too.

(Butterfly- loads and loads and colorful butterfly was just floating around me)

I know that this is it. I should muster up my courage and say that I’m in love. A strange gut aroused in me that it even made me to think that I can able to change the minds of my family and show them who is she to me, to what extent I love her, to what will happen if I lost her. My mind was saying “dude get her. I’m with you this time. I’ll help you when you need to speak with your family. Why won’t they accept? You’re a good son to them. You studied well, you got a good job. You were an obedient child. You sacrificed your own happiness for them like they did for you. What more do you need? Go. Just Go! Get her. she is yours “. With these beautiful words my mind and my inner soul gave the strength finally to go for her.

(Without any thought I just went down on my knees and rest is history- no no rest is a fairy tale!)

(when I went down my knees she didn’t know what else to do and stood there listenimg to me)

Me: I know this is a little awkward! as it is 1st time for me too. I should have said this to you way before but sorry for that. Have you heard a saying that “You know that it is her at the right moment”. Yeah it is true. I know that it is you and it was always you ‘The One’, ‘The One for me’. So here I am right in front of you down in my knees not asking you to say that I love You. But in my knees just to say that ‘I want to marry you’ no matter what ever or who ever stands in our way I’m damn sure that I’ll be the one for you to listen to your jokes while your head rests in my lap. I’ll be the One who will stand by you in every part of your life sorry Our life. I’ll be your partner in crime. I’ll be your best friend for life. I’ll be an ideal husband who will take care of you even in your dreams. I’ll be the One to fight with you for silly reason and I’ll be the One who will apologize and stop the fight by giving you a sweet kiss in the forehead. Even when you’re at age 90 and I’m at 91 I’ll be the one who will love you like no one can ever in the world.

(She was spellbound on hearing what I just said)

Me: Yeah! I know that it is kinda filmy. But my kinda film. In short I want to say that I love you to the moon and back and I want to marry you and live a happy simple life with what you say? two sweet kids?

She : hmm (She was searching for words to reply)

I stood up and went near her. I gave a little yet cozy, friendly hug and said

Me: I know how you might feel right now. So I’m not asking for a reply. Just poured my heart out. Man! This was the best day of my life. I’ll wait for you till my last day . But you don’t need to wait for me. If you call I’ll summon before you your highness ha ha.If you feel what I felt then give me just a missed call or a blank message. I’ll wait for your call. Bye.

After this I started to walk with so much happiness and relief. I waited for her missed call or a blank message from her for the past two years. As promised my mind helped me in convincing my family about my love life. In this two years I got settled , built a house for my family -a decent 3bhk. I was the best performer in my company. I was doing extremely well in my career. I decided not to disturb her asking for a reply. Deep inside i know that she will come for me and we’ll live a happy life together.

Happy yet most wanted ending of my life:

At last she called me. I asked for a missed call. She called me and spoke for about 4 hours which I didn’t even expect. It was like a dream. She said ‘yes’. It was my 3rd most memorable day after my 10 seconds in that technical event and farewell.

She : You said that I was the One right?

Me: Hell yeah!

She: You’re wrong. Completely wrong.

(Gosh!)

Me: hmm not at all.

She: No. I’m not the One. It’s you my idiot. You were the One for me and who else can it be.

I was on cloud nine. Like all stories end,

“We Lived Happily ever after”

–END–

