College Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the story of my college life and my wife. We never thought of getting married but it all happened and that also in a swift way. This is probably called as something destined in your life.

I was in the second year of my Graduation and my present wife was in another branch. We were batchmates but not in regular contact as were from different branches. Being the University topper in First Year, I was the Class representative with a responsibility to conduct the Farewell party of our Seniors. A group of around 10 friends decided a contribution of 250 bugs from every student of the second year. Next day when we went to the market for giving the contract to the decorator and caterer, we realized that the contribution needs to be increased to match the rate quoted by traders.

I returned back to college and made a correction by requesting everyone to increase their contribution by 50 bugs. I could remember the angry reply by my wife saying that money doesn’t grow on the tree. We will not contribute anything extra and it seems that there is some plan of misusing the collected money for some other purpose.  I got equally annoyed with this reply and called a close friend of her to me. I told him to pass the message that we don’t require her contribution and we don’t want such people who have no faith in their leaders.

This incident had some impact on my wife because after this she contributed the required amount and helped in every way to make the event successful. We never thought that this small fight is going to change our lives and this is just the beginning.

Our story continues after the fight and that was the beginning of our friendship. Being a good student, I used to help my wife in understanding a few topics which were common in our respective branches. It all went so smoothly that we never realized that the end is something unimaginable. One day during our study session, I could see her palm and being a palmist, I could see the perfect match of my life there. I never disclosed anything to her during our entire session.

It was the last day of college after completion of exams. It was the time to leave and I was having my train ticket in my pocket for the scheduled departure in that evening. My wife came to the college and we were sharing the time spent during the college time. She gifted me a beautiful dolphin Momento and it was probably the last word of our relationship, Please don’t go.

Yes.. I was waiting for these words, this was not the end; rather a new beginning. I put my hand in my pocket and took out the train ticket. I tore that ticket there only and told my wife that okay if you want me to be here, I will be here; Not going anymore. This was probably the best proposal anybody could ever imagine.

I stayed back in the hometown of my wife and we have a seven-year son named Rishit.

–END–

