‘St. Thomas College’ that was the place where Swapnil and I completed our graduation. It was hard to say that we had spend much time in the classroom because we mostly found in the library or outside the campus. Our library teacher was wondering for us since then. We had borrowed thousand of books from there and not a single one was returned and none of them were related to our syllabus. That was the best mischief we had done in our life. We craved about the reading novels.

Three years before, today was the deciding day for us that our application for the admission in the college was accepted or not. I was nervously rambling outside the college campus and biting my nails with feverish face, a hand was tucked on my shoulder and that was none other than Swapnil. It was like she had given me the liquid luck and I gulped it without wasting a second. Finally, the moment had came, the teacher had walked outside and gave us some kind of a lecture, after that he stick the list on the gate, all were rushed like fold of sheeps.

Swapnil and I managed to get closer to the list. We crossed our fingers and start checking the list down to up, half of it completed but our names were not found, the rest of the names were the good scorers in the entrance test. My heartbeats moved like a Ferrari on the highway if I was not selected, my dad was surely send me to Graphic Era and I didn’t want to leave this city. I closed my eyes and praying, she screamed loudly and hugged me. Her name was top of the list and mine was second.

I quietly climbed up on the ladder, the restriction section was filled with many books, Swapnil and I were boredom of stupid story books. We had heard from our seniors about the section B of the hidden column in the upper storage. We were planned for stealing books like Harry Potter and his friends did. Those books were the first we read in our life and made us totally mad at characters. I presumed me as Harry, Swapnil as Hermoine but no Ronald in our life. I wasn’t allow Swapnil to love whoever Ronald was in our life because I loved her from the deep of my heart. Someone pulled softly the hem of my lower and that someone was Swapnil.

“Hurry up! Abhay,” she quietly said. I reciprocated a nervous smile to her.

The last two book’s tittles were looked so fascinating: The House of Night series by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast; and Looking for Alaska by John Green. I stretched my arm to take out the books. It was a tad far away from my reach. I clasped the edge of the book. It dropped down and that stopped the functioning of my heart but returned back when Swapnil caught it safely. In the same way, we got the next book. We did it without noticing anyone and easily moved to our dormitories. On that particular event, I realised one thing if we focused seriously and confidently with strategy before attempting it. The percentage of failing is less but possible; conditions apply.

Sophomore year, we were sitting in the last bench. It was physiology class. The professor was teaching us about the respiratory quotient but Swapnil and I were arguing about the story of ‘Identical’.

“Swapnil and Abhay! You two disturbing the whole class,” our professor angrily intruded between us and reminded us that we were in the classroom. We apologised and quiet for few minutes.

“Hey, Abhay. Baldy has gone mad at us,” she nudged me by her elbow and whispered in my ear. I giggled about the name given by us to our professor.

Tonight was the pre-planned stealing night for us. We moved to the library by using the map of the college which was created and described in the deemed coding language by us. We discussed all the things one day before pocket the new one and placed back the others. We were ghost-acted in the hallway, all bookshelves were mist-quiet and we were half-hitched together. Swapnil took out her red torch like always she did. The red light splashed in a low candela which couldn’t be determined easily. We slowly entered the restriction section; few books were on the floor and a boy dressed in night costume was standing in front of us. He was Shivam (our classmate). We started giving him explanation but he wasn’t listening.

“Will you guys don’t mind to accept an addition in your group?” he requested us in a courteous manner. Swapnil immediately answered his question by raising her hand to shake. That day we found our Ronald Wesley. Swapnil looked happy but I was pretending only.

Swapnil was getting closer to him and they both spend time together: reading novels; going for movie; and chatting on social networking sites. I was ruled out from Swapnil’s life. She even not received my call. I hadn’t talked to her for three worthless months and it was like three decades had passed for me.

One more year passed away; a changing one that taught me real world is not like novels. Everything is not happened according to you. I was sitting on the chair and start writing something. My father dropped me to Swapnil’s home. I took the paper with me. I rang the bell couple of times but no one opened the door. Afterwards, I checked through the window that was somebody there in house? I peeped through the Swapnil’s room window. I was stunned. Swapnil and Shivam were laying on the bed and snogging each other. I forcibly knocked out the main door and quickly entered in Swapnil’s room. I dragged Shivam by his collar and punch him hard. Swapnil was came between us, she was half-naked. She quarrelled for him from me then I realised that she loved him not me. I putted out the paper, tear it into two pieces and thrown on the floor. I moved back to my home.

Ten days later, I was alive-corpse whose spending his day and night just laying on the bed. Eleventh day, someone knocked my door. I slowly opened it but rapidly hugged by someone when I looked at the person. She was Swapnil with tears in her eyes. I demanded her to tell me what he did with you? But she said I broke up with him just for you stupid.

 “You were loved me since eight years and you hadn’t told me if I didn’t read that letter you wrote for me- I never knew that how much you love me?- Damn it,” she hugged me and I realised why that letter had brought us back.

We spend our time with our partners but we don’t realise that we actually love them when anyone intrude between us. So, we must’ve proposed the person we love atleast we console our heart that I expressed my feelings and I guaranteed you’re partner never say no to you but may be it’ll take time.

–END–

