College Love Story – KRISHH L/O SRUTHI (a forever bachelor) : Part1

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s 2033 Dubai, the day is very long and I got very tired with heavy work in the site from dawn to dusk .But when I reach home I forget all my work tensions, all the problems that I have been faced since all these years. “DO you know why?” it’s because of cute little girl SRUTHI, my house owners daughter where I live as a paying guest.  My day begins with her name and ends with her name. I play with her, I talk with her in all my free time. whenever I see her eyes I get remembered of my love SRUTHI’s eyes. SRUTHI my goddess, SRUTHI my breath, SRUTHI my sweet heart, SRUTHI the topper, SRUTHI….Oops! I forgot to introduce myself  I’m KRISHH and I’m working as project manager in ADITYA Birla group and here begins my story .

All my mind voices are written in brackets….

 

………It’s 29 September 2013 first day of my college , inauguration is going on and  I’m busy counting the number of girls in the auditorium ,on seeing many girls I thought in my mind “Is this civil or CSE? ”.

After some time I notice that its computer science and I was so disappointed to miss all those angels and I prayed as “Oh god ,just give me one angel in civil and I agree that you are great and powerful ”. With all these thoughts I entered civil inauguration hall as I entered the hall everyone stared at me (As if they hadn’t seen a man before). but I’m looking for one girl who could be my better half . Finally I found my angel SRUTHI at right most corner of the hall with an empty chair beside her. When I saw that empty chair I felt like “I found an oasis in Sahara Desert”. Before anyone could sit there I grabbed it with anxiety. The speech is going on but I’m thinking how to talk with her before the seminar ends. Whatever may happen I decided to talk with her and I wished her

Me: good morning!!

Sruthi: (she looked in a sarcastic way) It’s  afternoon not morning.

Me: oh! sorry I did not notice, good afternoon.(how could any man notice difference between a day and night sitting beside his angel!!)

Sruthi: she smiles.

Me: (once I saw that smile I felt bad why Olympics does not have smiling competition) I  too smiled.

The meeting ends with her smile. Then she set on her way to bus stop .(I understood that she is a day scholar). I set on  in search of a room to stay in as I don’t like to live in hostels. Finally I found a room in the next lane of my college, in which already there are four members out of which two are civil, one mechanical and one electrical. I introduced myself and later we spoke about the ragging that we faced till late night. All were asleep after some time but  I was waiting very much for the next day because I can’t wait to meet her.

With the  anxiety to  meet  sruthi , I woke up early in the morning and I have been  ready  to go to college  wearing  a new blue  colour shirt. When I’m entering the college  gate I  find  some boys wearing a new dark colour shirts like me  (several  questions arise  in my mind  as “is he a competitor to me”??) looking at this way and that way thinking  as if sruthi is following me (it’s hilarious to think it so) I finally reached my classroom. All were busy in chit chatting and I’m busy in search of Sruthi, she has not yet come.  Some lecturer has entered and started taking class but she still not came (“Did she left the college of a wrong wish by me to her yesterday”?)

After a little time i heard a sweet little pleasing voice “may I come in sir” (that moment while she was entering she appears to me as a goddess in heaven asking permission to lord Indra). Sir gave her permission and she  sat in the girls row 3

 bench.  As  it was a first day of class, sir asked us to introduce ourselves. (Respecting our elder’s words as ladies first) same here happens with the introduction of girls. Now it’s turn of sruthi and I was ready with my pen and paper as if I’m writing the biography of her. She completed her introduction in a simple way. (If sir has asked us any questions to ask, i would raise my hand and asks sruthi phone number). All of us introduced ourselves and I have made some friends.

The next period our Counsellor has come and said that he is going to divide us in sections.  On hearing it my heart started beating fast and I cannot control myself and started praying god (that second I became a most religious person in the world).All my hopes went into vain. I was placed in ‘b’ section and she is ‘c’ section. (the worst kind of sad is not being explain why).My eyes burst into tears and I manage to control it(I realized that my Villain [Counsellor]  has divided us only into sections not my love towards her).The classes ended by evening  and I reached my  room desperately. I didn’t want to leave her so I searched in Facebook, finally found her and sent her a friend request. (Might be it’s a first step in my love process).

As we belong to separate sections, daily I used to wait to see her at our block Entrance(with a background song “kantey chuputho…..ne kontey chuputho…” [ANTHAPURAM MOVIE]). Days were passing by and there is no Response from sruthi…(thought that I should call to Mark Zuckerberg to send a message to sruthi requesting her  to accept my friend request).

Days were now counted into months still there is no result from her. I never dare to talk with her directly as she is surrounded by her friends (Of course princess will be surrounded by servants).

Finally after completing 4months, 4 mids, 20 home assignments,16  labs….i received a notification from her as she accepted  my friend request. Wow!! It’s a festival to me.( might be zuckerberg felt sad of me, so made her to accept my request). I was enjoying like as she has accepted my love proposal. But right now she is not in online. Anyway I was so happy. The next day our results were declared. I got a better marks and saw the sruthi’s result. Wow she is 2

 topper of our branch.( knowledge beauty=sruthi) wah!!

One evening she was in online and I started my conversation without late..

Me; hi…

She: hello.. Are you b section??

Me: yeah..  But how do you know??

She: My friend Jyotshna is a mutual friend so I guess

Me: (what to type next??)

So..Jyothsna and you were classmates right??

She: not classmates but same college .how do you know me?

Me: (when she asked like that i felt like hanging myself.. anyway  I don’t want to remember her of our first meeting) well!! How could a topper cannot be known to all??

She: no.. I’m not a topper. There is a one guy before me..

Me: No..No. . . . It’s of luck to him. Otherwise you would certainly be a topper…

(What is the next dialogue by her?? if she says “hmm” what would my next question? confusion)

She: but how can you say like that??

(Want to say only a devotee like me can know what goddess like you can??)

Me: with a smiley symbol just a guess

She: k…..

(It seems like she wants to end our conversation, but how can i? so I started kidding with her L)

Me: yeah tell me..

She: what to tell?

Me: you called me know??

She: but when??

Me: you called me k… which means KRISHH right??

She: laughs and said no it’s wrong. I just said ok in shortcut

Me: oh.. I’m sorry L

She: It’s ok bye..

(The third word generally used by girls after hmm, ok  is bye..  I didn’t know why but they say as if they were busy in helping to their mom )

Me: bye..

That whole night I laughed at the way I chat with her. I used to saw her messages repeatedly as if they were real or not..

The next morning I again saw her at our block. I smiled and waiting for her smile but even she didn’t looked at me. (Girls are too intelligent and mainly it is SRUTHI).

After coming from college my daily homework is to watch whether sruthi is in online or not? Since 2 days she has not come to online.(might be she is goddess Saraswathi student)

It’s Sunday and I’m sure that sruthi will come to online today. i was waiting since morning and it is sharp evening 6 she came to online( she came like a god to give offers for a saint who is doing penance since morning for her arrival).

Me: hi..

After 2min message seen and from their after another 2 minutes she started typing

She: hi

(Huff 4minutes seems me like a 4 years mam!!)

Me: How are you?

She: good….. What about you??

(If you chat with me daily I’ll be too good…)

Me: fine. It’s surprising to see you in online. i think you might be busy in studying.

She: my god!!

Me: yes it’s true know “goddess of knowledge”

She: stop it yaar!!

Me: cool!! What else?

(Am I conducting any interview or what? Why every time I should ask the questions? why don’t she? Control krishh don’t think like that it’s a universal problem for boys)

She: you should say.. Never seen you in the college?

(oh god!! Did she hear  my inner voice or what? A question from her.. wow!!)

Me: how could you see me when you are always busy in talking with your friends?

She: where?

(if I type those places your phone memory space will be insufficient to receive that message)

Me: at bus stand.. You were so busy in explaining something.. i think you were explaining her a lesson which she didn’t understand.am I right?

She: typing.. Typing..

From last 1 minute she is typing (did she typing the topic she taught to her friend??).Typing stopped

She: LLL

Me: wow!! I’m glad you find this amusing.

She: yeah..

Me: where do you live? Local?

She: yeah.. Krishna lanka

Me: which school?

She: ideal

(UKG one word questions and answers)

Me: ho.. What else?

She: do you live in room?

Me: yeah I’m from  vishakapatnam..

She: oh..

(Want to ask what’s her mobile number but.. thought it’s not a good time to ask)  my friends were waiting outside as we planned to a night show .so, I stopped our conversation

Me: ok bye

She: bye..

###

(continues in next part….)

