IF SHE IS YOURS SHE IS YOURS – Detective Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

[List of actor]

Vockz: A low rank policeman

X-pop: Vockz best friend

D-zone: the murder with a blue BMW

Captein inspector: Vockz’s boss

C-Kein: Diana’s husband who was a gambler

Sara: Lucy’s friend and advisor

Lucy: the girl who wants to be a wife

Diana: Lucy’s schoolmate

Suzan: Diana’s friend

 

There was a girl named Lucy. She was schooling at West-side high school in Namlife district. Lucy was a very beautiful girl that everyman wants. She always won as Miss valentine and even Miss West-side high school at large. She was having three best friends named Sara, Diana and Suzan. After they matriculated their lives were not that much easy anymore. Lucy was living a stressed life and she normally go out for a walk to release stress. One day Lucy went out for a walk and met one stranger by the name Vockz.

Their conversation was as follows:

Vockz: (attracted) hello! Hello! Excuse me.

Lucy: hi

Vockz: you may be wondering why I just greeted you but you are just not kind of girls that I let pass by. Anyway I m Vockz, may I please know your name too.

Lucy: but why do you wan know my name

Vockz: haha! That’s the first step to know you. I don’t wan be a stranger to a beautiful girl like you. Babe can I have your name and even to know you better.

Lucy: Lucy that’s my name boy

Vockz: (wondering) booy… ag Lucy what a wonderful name. I can see you are in hurry but I have a lot to tell you even not today, can I have your number please..

Lucy: ok 08126**379

Vockz: ok babe I will call you at the right time, see you soon Lucy

Lucy: ok Vockz

 

Lucy went to see her friend Sara and tell her about Vockz

Their conversation was as follows:

Lucy: hi Sara

Sara: hi, what

Lucy: nothing

Sara: Lucy you seem to be happy, what is the news?

Lucy: oh Sara yesterday I met a guy named Vockz and he is just soo funny

Sara: don’t tell me you got a new boyfriend

Lucy: no he is just a friend

Sara: just yesterday and he is …..ha ha ha!

The phone rang-

Lucy: sheee! He is calling

Phone conversation:

Lucy: hallo

Vockz: hello Lucy do you know who is speaking

Lucy: yes, offcourse, I saved your number mos

Vockz: sorry it was just a follow up Vockz is dead.

Lucy: what, how

Vockz: sorry ones again. It is Vockz speaking. I m alive babe, it good that you care.

Lucy: you ne, so how are you?

Vockz: I m good babe, but terrible missing your face can we meet tomorrow at Dearocean restaurant.

Lucy: yes we can, what time?

Vockz: lets make it seven-p.m. o’clock

Lucy: (why not today) ok

Vockz: see you there

 

Lucy and Sara conversation continues

Lucy: can you imagine

Sara: what

Lucy: he invites me for a dinner, tomorrow I ll not eat supper but dinner.

Sara: you are in love right

Lucy: no I just like him

 

Vockz knocking at x-pop door and enter

Vockz: sup man, were you asleep

X-pop: yes man. Last night I slept with a fu**ing bi*ch, that was a su*king hoe. But that bi*ch can perform. And the good part is that the boobs are just like Ferrari’s airbags.

Vockz: I know you enjoy those kind of stories anyway I got a good news for you.

X-pop: you got a bi*ch for me hehehehe!

Vockz: oh

X-pop: ok, what do you have for me brotherman?

Vockz: yesterday I met a cute girl, not a bi*ch! And I will see her tomorrow.

X-pop: haha Fu*k the bi*ch man fill all her holes you know what I mean man

Vockz: I ll not let her without knowing who Vockz is, but you don’t need to know the place because I know you………ok sharp my bro.

X-pop: I will just take a quick bath before I go hunter for a bi*ch for tonight….good luck man.

 

Vockz have been sitting at the restaurant for a long time just thinking and looking at the waiters.  After 20 minutes he saw Lucy coming with a big smile

He stands up to welcome her.

Vockz: (hugging her) I was getting inpatient babe, so how are you.

Lucy: I am ok, so you just arrived here exactly at seven o’clock

Vockz: yes babe, I am a detective we work with time.

Lucy: sorry so you are a policeman

Vockz: don’t mind honey. Waiter can you bring some red wine for us please.

Vockz: yes I m a policeman. But Lucy I can no more hide this from you and I felt very correct if I just tell you now that I am deeply in love with you. Lucy talk to me..

Lucy: ag no…this is not the right time to discuss love maters, lets just enjoy…

Vockz: there is never a wrong time to do the right things, so sweetheart let me know if you got any feelings for me too..

Lucy: Vockz I m in love with you but please I need a serious man, I know you man of  today..

Vockz: noo.. Don’t compare me with other men, my love for you is very unique, and I ll never hurts you babe. I love you Lucy you are my life.

Lucy: I love you too (kissing)

 

One year later-

The relationship between Lucy and Vockz strong but the problem was that Lucy wants to be a wife and Vockz can’t afford the wedding party. This contradiction brought a lot of complaint and misunderstanding between two lovers. Diana got married and Lucy was invited and she has been thinking that she wish it was herself and Vockz. Lucy and Vockz attend the wedding ceremony. The next morning day Lucy approach Vockz:

She started:

Lucy: Vockz when are we going to get married, I m tired of being a girlfriend, I wan be a wife like my friends.

Vockz: just hold on honey, I am still saving money for lobola. I can’t afford cattle yet. You know I a just an ordinary policeman

Diana got married to a schoolteacher C-kein. C-kein was not happy with his salary because he wanted to drive a good luxury car. He was just driving an old model Toyota corolla which normal gives him a headache everyday he drives it to town. He decided to find another way to make money. He chose to start gabbling. One day while he was busy gabbling in a casino he won $50 000, And he used it as a deposit to his new dodge with a wheel at the back.

The monthly instalment was exactly equal to his salary so he convinced the bank that he got other sources of income. He believed to pay his monthly instalment through gabbling.

The family was happy except him who always come home late from casino everyday. One day when C-kein just enter the casino he found the guy expert gambler who won 1.2 million in 30 second of his arrival.

X-pop: I a damn lucky these days 1.2 milliuon again

C-kein: oh god (he fainted)

X-pop: hey who the hell is the security guard. Please ring that bell for the ambulance to come pick up this idiot.

 

C-kein just wake up in the hospital and he was fine so he was sent home.

On his arrival he met the bank people who warn him to pay off his debt in 24 hours or go to jail.

C-kein informed the wife

C-kein: sorry my love

Diana: what anyway last night people from bank were here, and said tomorrow they ll confiscate the house. So we better make plans now my love. By the way where were you?

C-kein: enough is enough I can no more lie to you

Diana: you were with a woman

C-kein: I was gabbling again

Diana: it is too late to tell me just drive me to my parents house, because you mess up everything.

C-kein: the car was also confiscated yesterday and I have to go to jail tomorrow because I can’t..

Diana: oh (she fainted)

 

Two years later

Lucy was walking alone stressed by her poor boyfriend who cannot afford marriage. On her way she met D-zone a serious man.

He approaches her:

D-zone: hi babe girl

Lucy:  hello

D-zone: my name is D-zone, D stand for danger, so I m here to rescue those one in danger zones.

Lucy: so you are a policeman

D-zone: no babe policeman are full of sh*t and bloody poor, so lets get to the point beautiful, I always see you around the city sometimes you look so depressed. But your face deserve a constant smile babe

Lucy: so you know me before

D-zone: yep sweetie, I just don’t know your name, that all I need

Lucy: I am Lucy

D-zone: now I know you are no more a stranger to me, Lucy jump in my BMW, Lucy the major thing I wan tell you is that I am in love with you

Lucy: but I don’t know you yet.

D-zone: ha ha! Now I would like to explain more to you in details my position and why i initiated this conversation with you but before i proceed I will want to plead you to please put love first in this relationship i wished to build with you .Due to my current condition right now I will not hesitate to make known to you all about me so please do not deter as i am going to expose allot about my self and background here to you without us knowing each other very well in the time past but I belief that every solid relationship/partnership starts just on a day so ours as i am wishing can not be different . I hope you will forgive me if I have gone far beyond your imagination/ expectation from a new friend.

 Please listen to this and try to keep it to your self only. I really love you Lucy

Lucy: are you serious Danger

D-zone: I am a serious man and I need a serious woman, so if you are serious  and agree with me we will go visit my parent in Babana on Friday and we can even marry in less that a month time and have good life.

Lucy: I don’t want to pretend anymore, I love you D-zone. This is what I have been waiting for

D-zone: give me some tongue-wrestling babe (kissing in the car)

If we make love this will mark as a best love beginning between Lucy and D-zone. Most woman says nooo we just met but those are old fashion stories, because sex is always best when both of you need it the most and have it.

Lucy: ag… you always says facts

D-zone: lovie can we share the leg Lucy my feelings for you are just too strong

Lucy: sure my love, we can make love

D-zone: you are so sweet babe.

Lucy: you too

D-zone: I like that, ok thank you babe, on Friday we meet at the T-junction of  Kokotar at 18 h because my parents goes to work everyday. Don’t worry I will pick you up there.

All on Lucy’s mind was D-zone. The shining stars were like the blink blink chains and jewels around his neck and the moon make her think about his white teeth. So she decided to dump Vockz. She called Vockz on the phone

 

Phone conversation:

Vockz: hallo babe

Lucy: please release me let me go I don’t love you anymore. I have someone and I always want being in his arms.

Vockz: no Lucy stops those kinds of jokes, you know how I care and that I will not stop loving you

Lucy: you are a coward don’t even send an sms on my phone as from now, so admit the damn situation I don’t have any feeling for you any more.( she put down the phone.)

Lucy sit in the sofa listening to music and thinking about their perfect marriage with D-zone.

Knocking on the door

Lucy: come in

Sara: halloo Lucy, wow you are listen to nice soft and full of romance music, I like that.

Lucy: what kind of music do you think a woman like me should listen to in this fantastic life.

Sara: fantastic, so how is Vockz, he gave you that CD?

Lucy: don’t talk about him, lets talk about man and not cowards.

Sara: why and how?

Lucy: we broke up, anyway I am in love with another man, and he is the one who gave me the CD

Sara: no Lucy you are making mistakes, Vockz loves you

Lucy: please stop it! I love D-zone, and my heart tells me it need to be close to him for ever.

Sara: Lucy listens to your conscious because a heart can fool you sometimes.

Lucy: Lucy and D-zone forever bi*ch!

Sara: did you say D-zone? D-zone! No please. Tell me you are joking. There are rumours that that guy is transporting human parts. That’s why most of his girls are just disappearing.

Lucy: you will die of jealousy Sara, I thought you were my friend but now you want me to live like you without a husband. Go to heaven, because on earth you cant survive without man girl. You upset me get out of this house now before I commit a crime.

Sara: no I am on your side Lucy my friend, he can be a murderer. But I am not sure, my advice to you is take your time to know him. Please one step at a time don’t rush.

Lucy: I love him and I will marry him soon. So go away now.

Sara: bye dear, but remember never test the depth of water with both feet. One step at a time

 

On Friday evening Lucy shivered with excitement as she stood in the dark waiting for a man of her dreams to come pick her up with blue shining BMW 5 series and go to see D-zone parents in Babana. At 18.15 she noticed the lights of a car approaching (police patrol) her heart pounded at the thought of seeing D-zone. As the car drove and drew to a hart to her disgusting, Lucy saw it was a police car and not a blue shining BMW.

Police arrived at Lucy

Vockz: (in the police car)  I know her ( he hide)

Policemen: what a beautiful lady like you doing here all alone.

Lucy: I am just minding my own business, so leave me alone.

Policeman: but do you know you could be injured what are doing here.

Lucy: sir I have told you, I m ok, leave me alone I can cope.

Policeman: lady someone here wan talk to you.

Lucy: who’s that, he must make it snappy I am in a hurry.

Vockz: hello my love, come closer

Policeman: Vockz stay in a car you don’t know whom she is waiting for.

Vockz: hello my love come closer please lets talk

Lucy: you had a chance all those years, anyway I guess my husband is coming now

Vockz: but I still love you I just don’t have money to..

Lucy: but I don’t love you, leave me alone please

Vockz: but why are you here alone at night.

Lucy: ha ha! Daddy, father don’t worry

Vockz: but I care

Policeman: Vockz we have to go and proceed with patrolling. Leave the damn bi*ch.

 

Just as the police car goes another lights comes on. Vockz had seen the car decided to see who is taking his lover away from him. He followed it up by foot since his colleague refused to go back.  Due to fear he was using a binocular. Through the binocular he recognised the man kissing Lucy. It was D-zone, the killer whom the police have been looking for many years in connection with several murder cases. Due to the fact that Vockz cares a lot for Lucy he called quickly inspector general to send some policemen with atleast two good cars in order to follow the suspect. The general promised Vockz a three step promotion if he had real found D-zone. Vockz promised his heart to won the war, because it is the only way he can stop surviving only and start living.

D-zone, on arrival he didn’t say many words he just give her one good bye kiss and a quick hug and then says “get in” holding the door. Lucy jumped in proud to be with her future husband. There was a terrible smell in the car, so Lucy slowly open the window. D-zone was now conspicuous and quiet concentrated on the road. He smoked a cigarette slowly and glanced at Lucy occasionally. When she coughed of smoke. Lucy starts to feel very much uncomfortable because D-zone was acting very strange. She thought he must be afraid of the commitment he is about to take.

Lucy decided to break the silence

Lucy: when do you think we are going to arrive in Babana my love?

D-zone: (quiet and then light another cigar)

Lucy: when do you think we will reach Babana?

D-zone: (he just auto locks all the doors and speed up a bit)

Lucy is now scared. Due to fear her lipase fell on the floor and she picked it up. To her shock and horror Lucy felt a human head. There was a human body wrapped in a blanket at the back seat. This explains the smell. Then she recall a rumour that D-zone is a murder and transported human bodies to the neighbouring country to feed Mr Ver de Merwe’s pigs. The biggest well-known pork exporter world-wide. She looks at D-zone and he was holding a knife in his right hand and the car was decelerating.

Lucy: (with tears dripping) please d-zone

D-zone: say your last prayer baby, because soon you will be fast asleep, and is forever honey.

Lucy thought about what Sara told her and also about her ex Vockz, she couldn’t cry anymore because she was very scared to die.

She start to pray.

Lucy: dear lord I can see there is nothing else I can do nor anyone on this earth can save me therefore I only left with option to ask for the forgiveness and please lord prepare my place in heaven. Forgive me for not listening to Sara and also for breaking Vockz’s heart. God helps Vockz to obtain all his goals in life. God let him to know that I love him. God please welcomes me in your holy place, Amen.

D-zone: haha! Are you done with praying.

D-zone stops the car near thick bushes and jump out shouting, “boss I m done”

D-zone: Lucy, don’t dare try to run away, if you don’t wan be skinned alive. I am coming now.

Then Lucy continue praying

He went into bushes, lucky enough Vockz arrived with police car (Volvo) quietly

He carefully opens the BMW to take out her lover who was busy praying. Due to fear she screamed loud and D-zone heard the screaming D-zone come out with a group of armed men. Vockz fire three bullets in the air to inform other policemen that the war has started there is no alternative or escape road. They all show up with a police landcruse, and the war started.

Vockz: Mr policemen take the Peugeot and be ready to drive my girl back to town, don’t worry I will handle it and if they shot me dead make sure she attend my funeral.

Lucy was now in the car crying and praying for Vockz to survive because she wan thank him for saving her life and also to beg for the forgiveness.

Vockz and his troop had a terrible fight with D-zone and his troop until D-zone manage to jump into his BMW with his two guys because the rest were dead and drove away.

Vockz chased them with a police Volvo. The Peugeot and the landcruse followed also but they were like a kilometre behind  It was a long journey and shoot back and forth between Vockz and D-zone.

Just before they reach the city centre Vockz manage to shoot off one front wheel of the BMW and it overturned. D-zone was not hurt and he tried to escape but Vockz catch him and they had a terrible fight just with hands. D-zone was given one perfect punch and he fainted. While he is faint Vockz manage to handcuff him. Immediately D-zone start breathing and shit himself.

Vockz: Lucy I am sorry to beat your husband but it is just my occupation to save lives. And he is against me.

Lucy: Please Vockz don’t talk like that I was such a fool,

Vockz: but its too late

Vockz took D-zone to the cell and the next day he was rewarded  with 4.5 millions. And got promoted at the same time.

He bought a Cadillac and his high quality house.

A week later Vockz went to see Lucy with his new Cadillac.

Vockz: Lucy please I come to see how you are doing, because I care. Please sorry but don’t chase me out I wan make one thing clear.

Lucy: (crying) no, I won’t chase you away. I m sorry Vockz, you saved my life and me.

Vockz: I told you that you are my life, so saving you is as good as saving my own life. That is why I decided to fight to save your life because it is meaningless to live while you are dead. At that time I give my life to death because I felt it was better to die than living without you Lucy. Now I felt so good that I can still see your face even you don’t love me anymore.

Lucy: thank you Vockz for your kindness.

Vockz: but Lucy lets forget what happened

Lucy: it was my entire fault

Vockz: may be.. Anyway my aim to come to you is to inform you that I just got promoted to the high good rank now, and I know most dudes like your husband D-zone don’t like it. So whenever you are going to see or visit him I beg you please don’t give him any information about me.

Lucy: no I am not going back to him, he is a murder and transports human bodies to the pigs farm

Vockz: where is that farm?

Lucy: Angola, the farm is called Babana and the owner is Mr. Van der Merwe

Vockz: Van der Merwe, the best pork we are always enjoying, are you sure about this information.

Lucy: yes, very sure I was even a victim

Vockz: this is the information my general has been wanted, thanks for your help. Van Merwe, this case involves some governmental and commercial shit. So it need to be handled carefully.

Ok Lucy I have to go I may have some patrol tonight so I need to rest.

Lucy: wait Vockz, you are just a good man, I ll never forgive my self for.. for

Vockz: stop crying for love, just tells me you love me

Lucy: you said the word Vockz I love you and I want to make you happy

Vockz: I may ran out of words even jokes to tell you but my heart will never run out of space for you sweetheart.

Lucy: Vockz please forgive me my love.

Vockz: haaha! I don’t punish my heart babe if my heart still need you why shouldn’t I? Lucy I like your lips and I love your smile.

Lucy: (with tears in her eyes she smiled) Ag…..

Vockz: hold me tight and give me the love that I deserved for a long time.

They kissed in the car for a long time

Vockz: will you still marry me Lucy.

Lucy: I love you Vockz I was just blinded by…

Vockz: ok ok let arrange our wedding are you free next weekend.

Lucy: yes honey, we marry over the weekend starting 1

 October

Vockz: let our wedding be on Friday, I believe I am clear and you will not run away when I m poor.

Since Vockz was very rich he prepare an expensive wedding ever. He invited Captain general (his boss) who bring along the military force. X-pop was also invited. Lucy invites Diana her old school mate and her best friend Sara.

 

In the church

Pastor: Lucy der mujo, do you want and accept Vockz Shikulo to be your man in and out, up and down, soft and hard, good and worse times.

Lucy: yes I do

Pastor: Vockz Shikulo, do you want and accept Lucy der mujo to be your woman in and out, up and down, soft and hard, good and worse times.

Vockz: yes I did

Pastor: what?

Vockz: I said I did and I will

The weeding was so fantastic, D-zone was given a life imprisonment and Lucy and Vockz live an everlasting lovely life.

__END__

