Love Short Story – One And Only Love…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Patricia always figured she’d be one of those people who would never find that special someone to spend the rest of their lives with. It’s amazing how your world spiraling out of control can change all that. Turns out, she may have found someone after all. Nobody really understands a lot of what’s happened in the last few years, but one thing she knew for sure was that she didn’t expect her “someone” to be him. She probably would have never found out, either, if it weren’t for how the last few years unfolded.

Her past four years had been worse; her relationship with her x-boyfriend had blemished her image. Four years of relationship with the wrong guy is of course a matter of shame. Her x was not one of the good guys; he was disrespected both by students as well as teachers due to his loutish behavior and stubborn nature. But later Patricia discovered this fact that he was not good for her and they broke up. Throughout all this time she wasn’t alone, every other person ignored her except for one, his best friend Eric. They were together since childhood and both stood by each other no matter what. It took a lot of time for them to realize that their relationship was not just bounded by friendship but it was more than that.

Patricia and Eric later started realizing what they meant to each other. Like its said, 

 They knew it was hard for them to live without one another also that one was incomplete without the other; they were more like soul mates. So after a lot of thinking Eric decided to take the first step, he decided to express his feeling for Patricia in front of everyone, he wanted everyone to know who he had fallen for and that his and Patricia’s relation was more than just friendship.

Thursday morning it was, Patricia was in the college waiting for Eric to come, later when the bell rang she went to attend her English class. Her mind was engaged in different kinds of thoughts, she was now more concerned about Eric then ever, she wondered not a day had passed by when Eric didn’t tell her if he wasn’t coming, what had happened? The whole time she kept on thinking about Eric, he was the guy she had fallen for, without even realizing it; her lover, the person who could do anything for her, who cared for her, someone she was looking for, who was right there in front of her the whole time and she was oblivious of it.

During the lunch break she went to the cafeteria checking her cell phone constantly to look for any message from Eric when suddenly her eyes caught up to a guy in a black hood, he had deep blue eyes enough to swim in, his messy brown hair coming on his forehead half hidden by the hood. As he walked swiftly towards her, her heart began to race. The closer he came, the better she could view him.

“How could I not notice him before? How could I not know what I had been missing? Was he this good-looking before?” Patricia thought as Eric moved towards her. Finally he was there, standing right in front of her, his eyes directly focused on Patricia’s eyes. He was as nervous as she was. At the very second moment he knelt down while every other person paused right where they were. It was a heart touching moment, so romantic, so dreamy that one could just avoid blinking for that one moment. He placed his hands inside his pocket trying to find something, a ring! It was of course a ring! Taking Patricia’s cold hands and placing the ring perfectly in her finger without even uttering a word. Patricia was still, she went numb; it was like a dream to her, so beautiful with brilliancy.

“I…I don’t know what to say…” she murmured,

“You don’t need to say anything…I know what you feel, I know what this means to you.” Said Eric,

 “How could we not know what destiny had planned for us, we were stupid, looking for someone we already had from the start…” Eric added.

“Eric that means you feel the same way as I do?” Patricia murmured again.

“Maybe…all I know is that you mean the world to me, you are my life and I want to spend the rest of my life with you…I love you Patricia Peterson.” Eric said as a smile creased his face.

“ohh I love you to Eric…” and they kissed.

After a year of their relationship, Eric got a job opportunity abroad for which he had to go to Paris for a year. They decided to marry after Eric came back. They never knew how this one year would change their life.

One year later, when Eric arrives back, the first thing he decides to do is to call Patricia but when she doesn’t pick up the phone he decides to surprise her by stopping by her house.

“Helloo?? Pattyy? You there?? It’s me Eric!” He shouts as he keeps on ringing the bell.

A few minutes later the servant of the house opens the door.

“Is Patricia home?” Eric questioned.

“Patricia daughter is not at home, her condition had gotten worse due to which her father took her to the hospital, I think she has a few days left to live…may God help her through her difficult situation, may she be able to fight for her life…may God save the child” the old aged servant, answered.

“What are you saying?? What happened to her?? She’s ok right?” Eric said as a haze of fear surrounded him.

“She is suffering from leukemia. May I ask who you are by the way?” the servant said abruptly.

Eric did not answer. There was a moment of silence. The bag on his shoulder dropped to the ground. He could feel the whole world collapsing upon him, dark clouds seemed to constantly loom over his head. It was as if his heart had been ripped out from his body. He couldn’t find words to say. The only words he managed to say were,

 “Which hospital?”

Eric turns up at the hospital, room 205 where Patricia was lying on the bed. She was weak, her face was pale, and eyes closed. She had drips on both her hands. Her dad was seated beside her but as he saw Eric he stood up quietly, moved towards Eric, patted softly on Eric’s shoulder and left the room leaving the two alone.

 Eric muttered “Patty?” and Patricia swiftly opened her eyes.

“Eric? Is that you?” Patricia questioned.

“yeah baby, it’s me”

“Wow! You look handsome…” Patricia said with a weak smile.

“And you look drop dead gorgeous as always…” Eric added as he passed a fake smile.

“Liar, I look hideous…” Patricia replied.

“(Eric smirked) well whatever you say Ma’am”

“How are you? I mean…you scared?” Eric spoke gently much like a whisper though he already knew the answer.

“Scared? To death? Nahh…you know what I’m afraid of? I’m afraid of not being with you, I’m afraid of not being able to spent much time with you, of not making enough memories with you, death is a small thing in front of that.” Patricia says with her eyes brimming with tears.

“I know… (Eric sobs)I can’t imagine my world without you; I don’t know what I’ll do without you, I love you so much Patty, why has destiny planned this for us, I should have never left you in the first place…I..”

Patricia interrupts, “Sshh…please don’t make it worse for me, I trust you, I know you’ll make it, you’re strong Eric, you have to be strong…you’ve got your whole life ahead, what happens if you won’t be able to feel me, I’ll always be there with you, in your heart, nobody can separate us, remember you said we’re just different bodies with the same soul so how can we be separated? I am in you and you are in me… we are not alone.”

“(tears rolled down her cheeks as she continued) you have to promise me you’ll be strong no matter what, you won’t give up. You have to live baby, I love you and if you love me too, you’ll stay happy always and move on with your life…you have to.”

Eric took Patricia’s hand in his hand, kissed it, “I promise I will… Patty, I love you, always have and always will until the last breath.” Eric whimpered.

“(Patricia loses her grip of Eric’s hand) Goodby-” and Patricia dies. Eric lies besides her holding her hand crying continuously.

Later Eric moves abroad and settles there to distract himself by getting busy in work, however, he never loves or marries anyone and decides to live with the memories of him and Patricia stored inside him because she was his 

__END__

