Everything is Fair in love and War – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Saranya is thinking to tease that guy over phone. She remembered well how he scolded her three days back when they met. Saranya is thinking how this guys could be …. she recollected what happened on that day.

Saranya started liking  Sampath when she met him casually in a friend’s party . she was told that he is a 4th year medico. He is smart and good looking . All her friends and seniors are having a special corner for him. Saranya’s best friend and her senior Parvathi is deeply in LOVE with him and asked Saranya to help her . Saranya thought she can and Spoke to him three days back regarding this.

Saranay : Hi Sampath ; This is Saranya…Pravathi ‘s friend .

Samapth : Hi .. yes tell me ….

Saranya : Need to talk with u about Parvathi. Can I ?

Sampath: See I am Busy .. tell me  quickly.

Saranya: Parvathi is in deep love with you and feeling shy to express it . She is a good girl and she is not at all eating anything or becoming weak as she unable to express it to u . So I took initiation to let u know about this. I am sorry if I interfere in your personal matter.

Sampath: Oh really ; do you think so . So your doing social servicing or  mediating .It is called in Another way also .

Saranaya: Stupid ; U guys are also … male chauvinists .

Sampath: Mind your own language and leave

Saranya thought I am fool to like this guy and Parvathi selection is Stupid. I should teach him a lesson. how could these guys be so rude ..

She called Sampath from another num which she never uses like someother girl( Prakruthee). She started teasing him . Infact she spoke to him like she have authority or rights on him. Her voice is so sweet and romantic even Sampath was unable to ignore her call and started thinking of her . Now Sampath started liking Prakruthee that much that he cannot spend his day without speaking to her over call  .

Sampath wants to meet Prakruthee and wants to express his love or interest in her. But Saranya determined not to meet him or show any interest in him . But Unluckily heart will never listen to us. She thinks she don’t care him but she does.

Parvathi and Sampath are from same town and Relatives . As it was weekend holidays Samapth called Parvathi and asked if she wants to join him in for the village along with him in his car. Parvathi immediately accepted and over joyed. She don’t want to tell this this to Saranya. But she knows Sampath will tell Prakruthee so she told her.

When  Saranya heard this she told Parvathi to express everything and try to get a  conclusion about her love.

It was friday evening 3:30P.m and time to start . Samapth came to Parvathi’s hostel and from there they started their journey.  Sampath started asking about her studies and other things and is in good mood. so Parvathi thought to tell everything and  about the call also. She told how started loving him from her childhood and she never think anything  other than him. He smiled and told that he knows that . But he can’t say any answer to her as he is in some confusion. It was 7 p.m and they reached their village .

Next day on Saturday Sampath and Parvathi’s Family had a gathering and in that they raised a conversation about Parvathi getting married to Sampath. Sampath is in extreme shock and cannot answer anything . Parvathi is in top of the sky and immediately called Saranya to tell about the proposal.

Even Saranya was shocked and didn’t say anything . She conveyed her regards and dropped the mobile. Sampath is calling Saranya but no response from her.

Sampath  wants to tell Parvathi regarding this but ………….

So sunday evening they started back to the city and Parvathi told she is the most happiest girl in the world . But Sampath told he is not at all sure about the proposal and needs some time. He told nothing about Saranya call.

Suddenly he got a call from Prakruthee (Saranya) and he is excited  to talk to her . He forgot that Parvathi is with him and started shouting Prakruthe’s name and excited. Prakruthee speaks casually but in her mind she decided that if Samapth Loves her she will be for him forever at any cost. Now she have to find out whether he have same feelings towards her. She told that she wants to meet him . He was excited but left Parvathi in puzzle and Now Its Sampath who have to tell about the unknown calls from the girl and the rest of story.

Now Saranya’s plan was success as Parvathi told her that Sampath loves Prakruthee and how excited to meet her.

Saranya is thinking how to convince her friend about her Love and how to turn Parvathi’s mind from Samapath. She wants to make a clear path for her life with Sampath without making Parvathi hurt.

And now it’s a big task  for her because Parvathi mind and heart is totally filled with Sampath. Saranya is beautiful girl with sweet voice and many seniors and medicos from Sampath  Class loves her . Even she knows this. One of Saranya’s best friend Anil likes Parvathi for her shyness and simplicity.

So Saranya plans to make use  of this.

She wants to make  Sampath  mad in love with her and stops calling him and switched off her mobile. Parvathi is in depression state . Saranya meets Parvathi in her hostel and force her to come out to dinner with her . She invites Anil also for dinner. There she starts praising the qualities of Anil and reveals the conversation with Sampath how he misbehaved with her when she tried to tell about Parvathi’s Love towards him. She even adds that inspite of knowing Parvathi ‘s love how he ignores her . Saranya successfully sowed a seed of poison in Parvathi’s Mind But Parvathi can’t accept the fact. Parvathi  was attacked with typhoid and admitted in hospital. Saranya attends her and She forces Anil to visit Parvathi regularly . Poor Sampath whenever he plans to visit hospital and he gets a call from Prakruthee . Parvathi realizes that Anil loves her and Sampath  never wants her in his Life. She tries to Accept it but her heart  is unable to accept it.

Saranya thought to meet Sampath and tell everything …………….

She requests Anil to care of Parvathi and asks Samapath to meet her.

When Sampath meets her ……………he got shocked knowing that Saranya is Prakruthee. He is in state of shock . Saranya starts talking .I am sorry that I spoke to you in a wrong name but I want to tease you  as you insulted me in Parvathi’s issue. But later while talking to you as Prakruthee I started liking and loving you more than anything.  Sampath is listening but still in shock .. because in his heart he likes Saranya  a lot about her boldness and dare. Her sleepy and naughty eyes always makes him mad. Now he is happy to know Saranya and Prakruthee are same .

 

But his Parents decision and Paravthi’s match and Situation … all are puzzles for him …But not for saranya. She stops going to hospital and requests Anil to take care of Parvathi  till her Parents come. (Parvathi’s Parents are on holy trip to Vaishnavi temple).

Soon Parvathi finds how Anil loves her and cares her and try to accept that Sampath never loved her.Now Saranya’s 3

 plan is that Parvathi should never know about Prakruthee is Saranya. So she requests Sampath to stop telling about Prakruthee and slowly in due time Parvathi forgets about Prakruthee and her calls.

One day Saranya says that She started liking Sampath and wants  to propose him to Parvathi and asks her  help . and Parvathi immediately accepts and according to Saranya’s Plan Sampath accepts Saranya’s proposal  infront of Parvathi.

Finally the two marriages are fixed and decided to celebrate once they complete their Studies..

Saranya thinks  EVERYTHING IS FAIR IN LOVE AND WAR.

__

