Short Love Story – Boyfriend

Photo credit: 

 from 

March 15, 2014: 9.50 PM

 My heart started beating fast. I could clearly hear the rhythm of my heart beat. I typed, erased and retyped the message a number of times. My hand was struggling between SEND and DELETE buttons.

Note: Pakki is a local language word which roughly means ‘useless’. That’s how I used to call him from my school days.

I finally sent the message.

Words are not enough to describe the tension that built up in me. If you could have tied a sphygmomanometer to my hand to check my blood pressure, the mercury tube would have burst out. Krishna had been my best friend from my childhood. We had been together from the day of joining playschool till we finished our college. Now as I got a good job, my parents started discussing about marriage, of course to an US software engineer. That was when I realized, that I had feelings for him. After that, I tried several to propose him. But I didn’t have enough guts. Here I go finally sent him a SMS and waited eagerly for a positive reply. But there was no reply for a long time.

It made me sick. I couldn’t have a wink of sleep. I started feeling guilty about proposing my friend. My mind started scolding me for doing this. Strange thoughts started crossing my mind. ‘What if he had misunderstood me? What will I do if he yells at me that our friendship is over?’ ‘You should not have done this’, my mind started again. But my heart was happy that, I finally told him at least. Finally my mobile blinked.

I was in utmost confusion when I opened that id. It consisted of nearly 100+ mails that were sent over last 5 years from his mail-id. This story would never end if I list all those mails. Let me list a few.

 Today is school farewell. You came in saree. You were totally different. Not my friend childish saania. You were something different, matured and more beautiful. I could not avoid staring at you. I just teased u that u looked like a participant for fancy dress competition. U believed that and started sobbing. Believe it or not, U was looking stunning today. I hav attached ur photo here too. See it if u want.

 School vacation. You were on vacation tour. You can never understand how much I missed u all these days. I was worried that U would join some other college and leave me alone.

 July 30, 2010

 Coll started. We were in the same coll. God is listening my prayers too it seems. But we were in different departments. A little sad :(

 U introduced someone to me. It was Neha, a lateral entry admission of ur department . U became too close to her that U didn’t even have time to spend for me. I started envying her. I felt that she stole you from me.

 January 30, 2014

 You were talking a lot about that Neha. About her strange hobbies, her reserved character, bookishness. That didn’t change my envy for her.

 Myself and Neha started talking. Only then I realised why u liked her that much. She is good d.

 I never knew Neha would become such an important person to me. I do accept that I was the one to propose her first and she too accepted that. I wanted to share that with you. But Neha asked me not to tell anyone before graduating… Sorry d..

 As I read the last mail, my eyes started getting wet. It was nearly 12.50am when I finished reading all the mails. Only by the time I finished reading my mails I noticed that, krish was online. I was the one to start chat with him first.

Tears started falling on my keyboard as I sent the message…..

__END__

