Funny Love Short Story – LOVE AJKAL

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was just a bad day for Siddharth , very bad day.

That day he woke up late in the morning instead I should say he woke up in the afternoon at around 1 p.m. tired of hearing his mother curses and then came the ultimate warning of calling his father and telling him about his breakup. He woke up because he doesnt want any drama from his father , drama of his girlfreind was sufficient for him.

Siddhart an engineering 2nd yr student (mechanical branch) was madly in love with his junior a 1st year student Nisha ,CS branch. Mechanical branch students are known for 2 things in college first fights and second “ashiqgiri.” Generally whenever a new batch of students take admission in any college the most happiest people are 2nd year students because of 3 reasons:

1. they are no longer junior

 2. they have someone as their junior

 3. its a golden chance for those have no girlfriend.

Siddharth was among one of those people who got lucky in point number 3.

Now that he broke up with nisha he is again an eligible candidate for point number 3, but this time he was in no mood to fall in love again, after all it was his BREAKUP NUMBER 10 and he was fed up of his life (as if life is all about having girlfriends .

He in fact decided to give his life and thought of most painless ways of giving up life like cutting wrist, coming under railway track etc. He also prepared the matter of suicide note in his mind that he will not blame anybody for his suicide, he will apologize his parents for leaving them, he will not mention the name of Nisha as he don’t want to trouble her etc. But suddenly he dropped his idea of suicide imagining the life of his parents without him. Deep in his mind a song was playing as if each word of that song was meant for him.

 “duniya me hum aye hain to jeena hi padega jevan hai agar zehar to pina hi padega”

After 2 weeks of grief he finally decided to move on and went back to the college. College reminds him more of Nisha he was feeling more depressed during lunch time he went to the college canteen along with friends. He was having his usual SAMOSAS , it was then a voice struck to his ears. It was a girl fighting for getting a 2 rupees change with the owner of canteen. She was just damn beautiful, Siddhart wondered how could it be possible that he had never seen this girl before after all it was his duty to know about every girl in his college. He knew almost every girl of his college , he never missed even the finest details of them starting from their name, branch, stop form where they take bus, their status (single or taken) etc, then how could he miss noticing such a beautiful girl.

Never mind with the hard work of two days he found all about her. Her name was Ritika, 1st year student EC branch. Now he seems to be happy again as he had something to do, some targets to achieve. His 2 weeks of hard work has now given him results he was now a friend of Ritika. Then started the session of late night chats.

 ” sab jag soye hum jage taaro se kare baatien, chaandni ratien”

 (though it was a routine for most of the lover , late night chats. Mobile company owner have turned to billionaire from millionaire thanks to these lovers.)

It was 14th February and of course we all know the importance of this day. So to celebrate this day and make it more memorable he proposed her (though he had made this day memorable even before also that too 3 times by proposing girls but soon all memories fade away. Anyway so what if the day was same , the year and the girl are different). So he proceeded in proposing her and her answer was “yes”.

“Do dil mil rhe hain magar chupke chupke sabko ho rhi hai khabar chupke chupke”

Soon the news of new couple in college spread all over but it seems the two love birds doesn’t care about the world anymore. They were much busy among themselves. Each day they set a new record of their chat 8 hours a day, 10 hours a day, 18 hours a day…the earth seemed to stop rotating. This continued for few months until they get out of their dreamworld and suddenly they realized there was world beyond them. This realization marked the start of problems in their relationship.

 ” Na pehle se wo din hain na pehli si raat hai, shayad humare beech kahin koi bat hai”

And, One fine day they broke off. Siddhart was again in depression though he was bored of this long chat session and there were some issues between them but he never want break up he truly loved her just like he loved Nisha and 9 others.This was his BREAKUP NUMBER 11 and he was very upset. Again he thought the idea of suicide but dropped the idea of course the reason was same his parents. But this time he took resolution no more getting into relationships (a resolution which he took 10 times previously).

After a week of depression he again decided to move on and went to disco to attend his friend’s birthday party and found a beautiful innocent looking girl he was a friend of his friend and again he fell into love with this girl at first sight. His heart asked him “do you want to fall in love once more??” And his heart replied to him “ye dil mange more ;)”.

And the story continuous till he met his true love. These days youngsters are following the path of siddhart getting into relationships one after another in search of true love. One should remember one thing true love will find its way stop searching it and getting hurt unnecessarily with wrong persons.

 __END__

