Halloween Story – Unbreakable Ice

My name is Jamie and I’m seventeen and a high school senior and I live in the states. Here comes my Halloween story 2012. During high school, and certainty before that, my life wasn’t very dramatic. Eventually it got boring, not long ago, you see, I’m still in high school. I was bored when we began our senior year, nothing held the same interest to me any more. So I started to look around for something specific, a girl, not a specific girl, just some girl to date. Because I was bored that was the perfect idea.

I’m not going to a big high school so I pretty much know which girls who go there and I wasn’t looking anywhere else. The first girl who got my attention was some girl in my class, I never spoke to her except briefly. I didn’t want to date any of the cool girls, they are all my friends, I wanted there to be unbreakable ice between us. I never asked her out, just kept flirting with her, I actually have no idea if she was interested so I just stopped after I don’t know, like two weeks.

I didn’t just stop, I began going for another girl, I think she’s really cute or really good looking or neither, I don’t know nor care. She has huge eyes, long eyelashes, curly hair sometimes and always bangs but not very sophisticated or I think she is, I don’t know her. Her name is Lindsay.

She’s also in my class and keeps looking at the one whose talking. She’s like turning around in her chair, even all the way around to look at the one whose talking. Not all the time but once she was in the nest row just in front of me, and when I asked a question to the teacher she was turning around looking at me until it was over.

So getting eye contact with her wasn’t much of an challenge, she even had a white jacket but I never got any feelings for her. I felt tired in my heart, it didn’t matter if I got close to her or if she appeared to be in on it. All I felt was nervous when she came on her own or my heart beating when I was being a bit obvious displaying my interest for her. I never said one word to her. Without any feelings I just simply didn’t ask her out and she certainty didn’t ask me out. She just made sure I had the opportunity to be alone with her. Now she thinks that we are a couple and that’s fine, I let her think that.

Someone has been stalking her, some psycho who enjoys following and watching her. She doesn’t dare to go to the police because he seems to be a true psycho and always has a gun. He wears a mask so she can’t see who it is.

She has a relationship with my identical twin brother who’s in love with her, when I’m around I have to use my mask. She thinks that he is me, that she has a relationship with me but she doesn’t, but I have to be with her in school.

__END__

