[Action-Reaction…ooops !! – Hilarious Short Story]

She was just in front of me, across the road. She is the most beautiful girl I have seen, my friends don’t agree, they say the one who stays in hostel is better, but I don’t think so. It has been more than 2 years; we are just looking at each other, or I can say I am looking at her. “Why need language, if you can talk with your eyes? “I thought. “You don’t even know her name” someone shouted, I don’t know from where. “Go ahead, she is alone, at least say hello” the voice repeated. “Yes, at least I can say hello”, I decided to go ahead,

Action: I was unable to put off my eyes from her. Showing a great determination kept my first step towards her.

Effect: suddenly the earth became smooth, like cream. As if I will fall down. A strange smell filled my senses.

Reaction: “Oh yuck, I hate cows, I will sue people who left their cows on street” I shouted. “Hell, my shoe itself smells like cow dung”

Next few minutes were wasted in cleaning the shoe. I looked up; she was still there thanks to the person, for whom she was waiting. Finally I was ready, started walking,

Action: I looked at her. Hairs floating in air, as if crackles in the sky.

Effect: I was feeling like walking on a beach on new year eve, in fact was able to hear a bang too.

Reaction: some people started running towards a biker, who was sitting on the road, his bike inside one of the shop. Someone shouted “catch that $#@&…” showing finger towards me.

But before anyone can notice me I had crossed the road and just was in front of her. She saw me. I knew she knows me; after all I have spent more than 2 years looking at her. I decided to go ahead,

Action: I gave a smile, she didn’t. I said ‘hi’, she didn’t.

Effect: I felt like she was a bit shy or she is afraid if I will directly propose.

Reaction: She started walking away. I tried to stop her by saying; I just wanted to say ‘hi’.

She stopped; she turned, this time with a bit smile and comfort. I felt happy that she understood my feelings.

Action: I walked towards her and stood just a foot away from her.

Effect: She gave a smile and also a strange hint that I was not able to understand.

Reaction: Something hit me. My left eye send a message to my brain, which got translated into pain. My ears also send a message to brain, which got translated as “stay away from her”.

I was left alone on the street. With my single open eye, I saw her moving away with someone on a bike.

Action: I took out my phone and called a friend, narrated the story and asked to take me home.

Effect: A huge laugh on the other side of the phone.

Reaction: “Didn’t I tell you, she is having a boyfriend? Ooops…”

__END__

