It was 22nd march, three years back, the day when they took seven vows, when he help on with “Mangal sutra” in her girl’s neck, when he first time discovered her girl’s soul. That day was his life’s happiest day ever.

Today Raghu and Sunita’s marriage anniversary. Raghu was just waiting for the evening when her lovely princess came and he could spent some lovely moments with her. Sunita was not giving him much time. Raghu too was working in a telecalling company but at the end of day he felt very lonely. Sunita was working in double shift for more money.Raghu wanted her time.  Raghu told her that was all he wanted “her time”.

To made that day special raghu decorated their room as it was decorated on their first night. The bed was full of rose flower petals and left a message of “i love u “. There were hanging net curtains around the bed and for the extension of her gratitude he scattered entire home with candles. He was very excited and waiting for her love. And finally she came.

As she opened the door,she was surprised. The room was shining with candle’s lights. She was very happy.Her husband was sitting in a chair. He was in deep thoughts.

 She said, “Raghu?”

“yaa , you came dear” he shrieked

Sunita came closed to him and said “M sorry dear .. i love u so much”..she was crying.

Raghu hug her and said ” you are my life”

sunita kissed him and hug him.she was continuously looking at his eyes. Raghu said ” Dear , you know this life is full of struggles.It’s our responsibility to live everyday,every moment of life with full zeal or excitement.Life is not all about money, with money we can only buy home,cars, and luxurious but what about feeling, what about love, what about memories ?? Money can give us happiness but only for short period, but the time you spent with others are precious , we can not buy feelings , not love , not memories.We can win Hearts , we cant buy. Money dies but memories never, memories never die dear,i will spent my life with you not with money, i love u so much”. and he hug her.

 Next day ,sunita eyes was on Computer, it was her “Resignation letter”. Her hand was on the mouse and the cursor on “Discard”. She was in deep thoughts. Her heart was beating very fast. She wanted to discard that message, and finally she did.she did what was best for her. she did.

 Finally, her mail was sent.

–END–

