The idea of marriage always fascinated Shirley – a fun loving, independent, strong headed person. The post marriage life, the avatar she’d take, the places she’d go with her man, the things they’d do together, all the things she saw, felt and believed would happen after marriage, always got her excited in her head. “I just can’t believe”, she murmured and opened her eyes to mute the alarm, it was 6:30 in the morning and for the first time a careless rebel woke up at once. Her alarm had a new entry now, “6:30” which it had not seen ever since she left school.

Waking up as a married woman now, she thought to herself, “did anything change” Well nothing except for the fact that you are married now – spoke her content inner self. Beside her lay, her man, her husband, the man she loved dearly. Overwhelmed she thought., this is what she wanted, she is living it now. The morning felt the same, but the surroundings were different, she was getting ready but someone was still asleep, as she moved to step out of a different room now, she whispered to herself, “did anything change” and left with a confused smile.

Sitting on the favourite corner of her house, sipping tea, she looked through her balcony and wondered, “did anything change”, the roads still seem the same, the hustle of the city was indeed the same, moreover, she looked the same. It has been two months now and nothing had changed she thought, with a sudden realisation of not doing the pending laundry in the machine and left at once to complete the task. He will not complain, but she would not like him to wear the same socks the next day.

It was 9:30 in the night, having dinner together, he shifted his focus from his phone for a minute noticing her continuously murmur something, he smiled and said, the food is really nice, you cook really well. “Anything for you, love” she replied. Struggling to type, to reply to something on his phone, looking at him, she too picked up her phone to reply to a message from one her new family members, an introvert wondering “did anything change” it’s been four months now and I am still living my life I used to. Nothing changes after marriage, and I am happy, he loves me too.

Struggling to stop thinking, wondering if anything changed, trying to make a place for herself in the new big family, the strong, independent Shirley started crying, “it is all in your head”, “you cannot adjust”, but what can be done now, he said. Collecting herself, she wiped her tears and walked out of the room smiling, murmuring to herself “did anything change”, well nothing but the fact you are in a bigger family now, youngest of all and no one to pamper you to what you were used to.

Laying on bed after their evening walk routine, she thought to herself, “when was the last time you did something you used to, when stayed on your own, why do you have conflicting thoughts, he loves you, you know that”. It’s been 1.5 years now but he will love you more than you someday, you too will get pampered, you too will be his priority. With these thoughts in mind she called it a night.

With his favourite juice on his side, and his most preferred breakfast on the table, he smiled and said, “Babe you are the best, you made my weekend.”

She came out of the other room, dressed in peach, he looked at her and said ” You look beautiful, thank you for the meal”, kissing him she said “Anything for you, love. The lunch is cooked, I am going out with my friends, you call yours too, enjoy your day”, and left. 

As the day passed, he realised the TV shows consumed half of his day, with food on his mind he went into the kitchen but found nothing. “I can’t find the food babe” he messaged, “Check the white hot case” she replied. Relieved he opened the hot case only to find, his meal with a gift- her engagement ring with a note “Anything for you, love”, “nothing has changed”.

–END–

