Hey, I am death. I am sort of a royalty, at least that was what I have been told as the sole reason for why no one ever liked to play with me as a kid, or even now. Some souls have defined me as an end. And I don’t mind at all for what those teeny tiny lives think of me. Though, even if I will try to make a meaning of myself, they wouldn’t entertain my presence, to say the least.

I am sorry if I come out a bit rude, but honestly, I am just pathetically shy.

She is not. She? The girl I have been crazy for since forever.

She – life.

I have seen her so many times, the singular beautiful perfection, that she is. Wandering around green fields in broad daylight. Surviving in dusty, dusky, dark corners of an abandoned alley. Laughing, chuckling, sobbing, and sighing through passing seasons and stagnant nature. She is wonderful. A soothing, sizzling grandeur of emotions. Me? I am a black shadow of what she doesn’t see. But I am always there. Lurking in the mirrored world in which she sees only her reflection. And I am happy that way. I think she could sense me sometimes, secretly watching her, trying to dance on her upbeat rhythm. But, I mess up. And she, she just laughs it off. Why isn’t she afraid of something she cannot see, something as ferocious as me? Well, I think I know, she isn’t scared of me, she pities me, the loneliest nomad, drifting unseen in her property.

Sometimes, I try to match her enthusiasm, sparkling in those starry eyes, which makes my heart tremble. I always fall short of passion. You see, it is not expected of me to be alive. I must stay a calm and magnificent recluse. But she, she dazzles me beyond my wildest imaginations.

I’ll tell you about my love at first sight. Even if you don’t want to know, bear with me because it is only her memories that I have, memories of how I gaze at her from a distant and blush all by myself.

That day, the sun glimmered in the cloudy sky, as she woke up, as usual, I must say. I was saving people, from pain and suffering, listening to the regular hum of curses I found so customary as to ignore. Then out of nowhere, she stepped onto that barren land, smiling as if unknown to my existence. I swear I must have been the maddest soul 

 breathing then, as she sprinkled water all over my work field, soaking me in her hopelessly exhausting charm. I snorted for what a hysterical creature that she seemed. Smirked on, pitying the people who rejoiced her. And long before I knew, everything that was happening made my numb flesh set on fire. I didn’t know what was happening, as I became more restless every second. Looking at her was so unsettling but my eyes were fixated to hers, her sharp but hazy features and that wayward warming smile. She instigated the storm within me, above me, around me. The sensations I never felt came rustling into me, I was angry at those ungrateful bastards; I wanted to kill them and her. But they were no more scared, or disappointed or helpless. She grew all over them. “Oh! Such a cunning beast she is”, I thought.

And yet, right then and there, I was defeated. And well, since then, I have been following her around. I think she chooses to ignore me, better than not noticing me, I guess. But, right now, I am not making any progress with my irresponsible unrequited love. So, I might not need wasting any more of your time.

But, I believe one day I’ll finally get to meet her, touch her, without letting the universe collapse. And maybe, 

peacefully in her deep solace.

–END–

