Short Love Story – God’s wish

Photo credit: 

 from 

Geetha was getting ready for his dream marriage held after few hours. Geetha’s father was a politician. The place was beautiful with flower and decorations.The Marriage Hall was with full joy and Happiness. Bride Geetha was with no words about her joy. Suddenly there was knock at the door on bride room. The Bride maid opened the door, there was geetha’s father Mr.Ram appeared and she asked “ yes sir she is getting ready we will be there very soon”.

Ram replied “ I want to meet my daughter now”. Then she allowed him inside the bride’s room.

Geetha noticed some tension on his fathers face. She thought it might be because of marriage strain.

Ram asked her” if I ask you to marry a begger will you marry him?”

She was speechless and all her joyful moment suddenly smashed like a bomb blast. She then gently asked his father what was the reason to make him ask like that.

He replied very sadly that “ bride groom has run away, now I’am helpless I don’t know what to do, I have invited most important Politicians for your marriage but don’t know how I am going to face them…!”

Bride maid sruthi was shocked and suddenly she called Mr.Ram. But Mr.Ram was not in a mind to listen to her. Shruthi gave an idea that was to change the bride groom. Shruthi knows a person from their village named ganesh. He was a graduate from lower middle class. Good person and had been working in a private company and he could ask ganesh’s parents so they could surely understand his situation. Out of mind Ram hadn’t listen to that. But after few seconds he recalled maid’s idea.

Immediately he went to Ganesh’s home with maid.

Ganesh and his parents were enjoying their weekend by chatting about gossips. They heard a calling bell sound and ganesh’s father asked him to open the door. He opened the door, ganesh was surprised see Mr.Ram politician at his home with shruthi. He gently asked him to get in. ganesh’s father was surprised to see him . He asked him whether he got any good news.

Shruthi started to speak and she called ganesh’s parents separately then she explained about Mr.Ram and Geetha’s situation. Ganesh’s father was speechless he has no idea to react for that, before he had to decide Ganesh’s mother decided to make him marry with geetha as they were rich, their poverty made her to accept for the marriage. Then Ganesh’s mother made ganesh to agree for the marriage by putting centimental words to him. But he had no interest to do that but for parents compulsion and he could not explain about his love with ‘Rani’ (relative). His parents were also not aware of that.

At last he agreed to marry geetha. Geetha’s father out of joyful tears he thanked them very heartfully. He returned to marriage hall along with them and he convinced geetha to get marry with Ganesh. She agreed to save his father from blamings. On the ceremony she saw him and she noticed unwillingness on his face. All problem came to an end, They got married.

After marriage they meet each other on first night.

She started speaking, she asked him about why was he not interested in marriage. He replied, “I am in love with my relative girl”.

She immediately decided to make him marry with Rani. Then next day they visited psychologist meanwhile she called Rani to come to the place. Geetha explained about everything to the doctor while they were speaking rani entered the place. Doctor spoke with each one separately.

Suddenly Rani came out and she started blaming Ramesh, “Don’t come infront of me here after, when you married with another girl our love has died already, don’t expect me to marry you. since you are a poor when a chance comes, to utilize it you married to a rich girl. I don’t like to meet you throughout my life, Good bye”.

Doctor noticed tear on her eye when she spoke emotionally.

Before this when Rani spoke with Doctor she told that “Ganesh is a good person I know him from my childhood he is from middle class family he really struggled a lot from his childhood and so I hope this life would make him happy and peaceful , and if I marry him Geetha’s life would get spoiled so I am going to show him my anger to make him forget and start a new life”.

This was the talk given by rani to the Doctor. Doctor advised Geetha and Ganesh to start a new life peacefully understanding each other like then. Then Geetha and Ganesh moved from the place to the home. They started their journey of life. Doctor admired over Rani’s goodwill and her true love. Rani showed her love with no words. The true love is one which sacrifices to make love live.

__END__

