Love Short Story – I WILL WAIT FOR THAT MOMENT

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Can’t I just be left alone on at least weekends?” I cried aloud in my empty room while lying on the couch with TV remote in my one hand and other hand resting beneath my head for support when my mobile rang for the third time in the last 5 minutes.

I unwillingly stood for the couch and grabbed the phone. It was an unknown number. I rudely said:

“Hello. Who’s this?”

“I am Girish. Can I please talk to Mrs. Sunita?” a young masculine voice came from the other side. The caller was unknown to me as far his voice was concerned.

“Yes.”

“Hello Mrs. Sunita. Well actually I…. I am Krishna Sharma’s son.” Those words were enough for me to die in shock. Enormous number of questions started to come in my mind. In between that he continued, “Well I found your number in my father’s email account.”

He gave a pause and in between I was finding it hard to breath.

“I…. I don’t know who you are. But my father is dying here and……and calling your name continuously. He wants to see you for the last time.”

This was the next shocker.

“What happened to Krish? I mean Krishna.” I suddenly realized that something was wrong.

“He met an accident last week. We admitted him in hospital. They released him saying that he is fine but he is not. He refuses to eat, he’s just lying on bed and with those sleepless eyes just staring the ceiling of room and continuously calling your name.”

He paused. I think he started crying. Then he again continued.

“Please come as soon as possible. My mom…. My mom also wants the same. She will not ask you any question. You just come here, please.”

“I am coming son, don’t worry.”

 

I called Girish for the last time before we actually meet and told him about my flight’s arrival to his town so that he can pick me up.

I grabbed my seat in the flight and got lost in those wonderful memories.

He was the writer just like me and we met on a social networking site where we shared our stories. One day he messaged me and said:

“Hi, I read your story last night and I found something wrong in that.”

“What? I mean what was wrong in that?” I was annoyed. No one has ever talked to me like that before.

“At the last of your story you showed that the lover ate poison and finished his life. That was a bit wrong in my opinion.”

“So what was wrong in that?”

“Mam, a true lover never dies.”

I don’t know what I liked in him but I started reading him a lot. He was a lovable guy. His writing was truly lovable. Literally I fell in love. No, how can I fell in love? No, this can’t happen?

One day we were just messaging each other.

“I want to tell you one thing.” I messaged.

“What?”

“I am married and I think I am in love with you.”

“But you haven’t even seen me. So how this can happen?”

I didn’t reply. Then he messaged me again.

“Actually I am also in love with you. I don’t know when, how and why it happened but it just happened and yes I am also a happily married man and also have a son of 3 years.”

“I think we should stop contacting with each other.” I messaged and a drop of tear tickled from my eye.

“Yes, I think you are right.”

But it never happened we continued meeting like this and shared everything with each other on that social networking site. We exchanged our photos, we exchanged our phone numbers, and we exchanged everything.

Today I am a widow and he is a happily married man with a son who is 20 years old but still we continued our meetings in virtual world but never met in the real world before this day.

My flight landed.

 

Girish was a tall and handsome boy but a little worried one, maybe because of his father, or mother, or me.

We reached home. An old yet beautiful lady opened the door. She watched me for some time with an expressionless face. She had thousands of questions but didn’t ask a single one. She took me to Krish’s room and left the room. Now I was alone in the room with my Krish.

This was the first time I was watching my love in real world. I had enormous feelings inside me. I wanted to laugh, I wanted to cry, I wanted to dance, I wanted to feel shy, I wanted to touch, I wanted to kiss, I wanted to shout, I wanted to do everything I can.

Krish was lying unconscious on the bed. He had turned weak. I took a chair and sit next to his bed. I took his hand in my hand. This was my first touch. Magical was the moment. I said to him that now I am here, I am near you Krish but he didn’t listen anything. I put my head on his shoulder and concentrated.

What happened after that can’t be explained using science. If you believe science, you will not believe me. But I am sure if you believe me, you will believe the love.

 

 

We came out of our world. Krish was about to open his eyes. I don’t want him to see me here so I rushed out of the room. His wife was staring me, she was tensed.

“Don’t tell him that I came here and don’t worry he’ll be fine.” I said and felt the relief in her eyes. I looked back once and left.

I opened my eyes. My eyes searched for Sunita but she was not there. I called my wife; she came in and hugged me. I saw my son also coming in. I cursed myself for even thinking to leave them alone. I hugged my son. He started crying.

“Don’t worry son, I will not leave you so early.” I said and all started to smile.

I asked my wife to cook something delicious. I wanted to eat, to live, to enjoy my life. But there was a question going on in my mind. I asked my son:

“Girish, did someone come to see me when I was unconscious?”

“No…No Papa.”

Then my eyes fell on the table lying next to me. There was a ring kept on it.

She was here………….

__END__

