Love Short Story – You Complete Me…

Photo credit: 

 from 

In my life that someone is you.. I keep saying myself that no matter what, I shouldn’t think about you, but at the end of the day I end up thinking about you, wishing that you were here with me… I miss you dear…

And I really hope you read it. Am sorry I didn’t ask your permission

[P.S. I guess I still have that much freedom to talk about you.  :)]

I don’t know but today I really wished you were with me in this lonesome/lonely train compartment. And that’s how I started writing this post about you. you know am talking about you even if this world doesn’t know…

Any idea how all this started?? no ?? yes?? I know u remember all those better than me.:) those cherished days, moments.. but the ridiculous thing is when we were so near ,just available anytime all we did was fight or rather I fought..:) kinda cold war.. hated u for years for no solid reason.. by the time we finished schooling we became so close so close that… I dunno know how to express it.. :) the first and the last person to whom I shared every single thing in my life.. well you were the first to tell me all that jazz happened in your life…

Anyone would call me silent but you never used to cause you know I wasn’t silent as I seemed to be.. you knew that I take time to talk ,open myself and you did wait.. took me ages to start talking.. phew!! sti did give you a noble prize for that cause she doesn’t have much of patience :D sorry to say that sti..

I clearly remember those days we spent together, sudden hang outs, ‘shopping’ with not even a single penny in hand. :D times when we used to argue for paying the bills .. gifts.

The umpteen number of phone calls we did.. Talking endlessly for hours about people whom we didn’t even know :P fighting each second for silliest of the things and end up laughing… you never hurt me even by your words not even once.. the first and the last time you got angry was when I didn’t tell you why I didn’t like someone… made me cry :( but that was the last too… :)

The concern care I get from you ,no one can give it to me…  ‘always sick ‘ that’s what you said each time I said am sick… the instructions each time I went out …

The ‘call me anytime attitude’ of  yours , I love that…

you were the only one who was always there  every minute besides me… always happy that I have you.. still with me .. when I needed someone besides me to say its alright…to support me… when I needed someone just to hug , hold on to… only you were there dear… A THOUSAND AND ONE thanks for that… :):)

you just don’t know how important you are to me .. you are the bestest bestest thing that ever happened in my life… you are the only person who understands my silence, whatever I say…

The trust I have in you is more than I have in anyone else and you know it better than me… I guess I should wait still more to gain your trust… But just TRUST me once…just try saying to me once … I will be there always with you…I promise that…

At last after three hours I reached my destination and my train of thoughts stopped….. bbye…

__END__

