First day in school, James got into class late because he could not locate the lecture room in time. ”Room A004, at last thank God” he said to himself. He entered into the lecture room looking shy as every eyes were on him.

 ”Can I help you young man?” said the lecturer in the lecture room.

”This is my class sir” he replied with a waving voice and every busted into laughter. James became the laughing stuck in the class since that day. After a few weeks, in the class, a voice from behind said to him.

 Juliet: Hello

 James: (a little scared) Hi

 Juliet: (with a little smile on her face) my name is Juliet.

 James: James

 Juliet: yea, I know.

Days after days, weeks after weeks, they used to talk, read, walk and at times dine together. The other students in the class do make jest of them by calling them husband and wife but they never mind as they are both happy doing things together. James started having feelings for Juliet but was shy to spit out his mind, this went on and on untill one day their story took a twist, confidently James told Juliet his mind and Juliet without thinking twice accepted the love request from James. From that day, they became two inseparatable love birds.

Two years after graduation from school, James had difficulty in securing a job whereby Juliet had a work of her own, Juliet’s mum refused their marriage because of James’ inability to secure a good job, this got James frustrated and decided to travel out of the country to work hard and save some money to improve his financial level. It was made possible by Juliet has he could not afford losing James.

Juliet prayed for James and advised him to stay away from girls. James travelled to the United Stated of America, and after a week, he was able to secure a job at a bakery shop. He always call Juliet on phone every night after work and they will chat on the phone till one of them will be out of power on his/her phone.

At a point in time, James stops calling Juliet. Juliet tried all possible means to contact James but was impossible to reach. This went on and on and after five years, Juliet’s mum will yell at her to stop bothering herself over someone that have dump her and had follwed a white lady, this used to happen day by day for further two years without seeing or hearing from James. During the period, Juliet’s mum will frustrate her to bring home a suitor and get married so as to forget about James, she will refused completely and said that ”I believe, my love is coming back to me”.

The big day arrived, Juliet’s mum had accepted a suitor for her daughter with lots of frustrations and threatening to disowned her if Juliet didn’t marry the man she had brought for her. Weeping and calling James name, she decided to run away after the marriage ceremony. Early in the morning of the wedding day, her phone rang, she looked at the phoned and sees that it is an unknown number, she decided not to pick it up and later switched off her phoned. The prepartion had been made, everythings are in place, the priest and everyone are set to start the wedding, then came James looking amazed and the same time worried and shy to see every one looking at him.

”Jaaammmmmes” shouted Juliet from afar and running towards him with tears on her face, held him close and still weeping loudly, everyone were surprised and murmuring what is happening among themselves. The marriage cancelled as Juliet has found back her love and could continue with the arranged wedding by her mother.

After that day, James now rich explained why he couldn’t call Juliet during their trying period. ” I was wrongly accussed, estranged, brutalized and unjustly imprisoned killing a man. Every minute, I felt great pain and irritation from the iron manacles cutting into my wrist and ankles. Even scarier was the thudding feet of patrolling soldiers, unsure whether the next approaching footsteps would be of those assigned to escort me to my execution. But after six years, justice prevailed, I was set free as the real killer was unveiled. I was paid a huge amount of money by the family of the deceased to cover up all my undeserved sufferings.

Juliet’s mum later apologies for her bad behavious to James and after six month James and Juliet married each and were blessed with three kids.

–END–

