A Cuppa on Valentine’s Day – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 10pm on a Valentine day and I was stuck in office with my project team to support a critical delivery to the client. We had just released the software and had to monitor its performance for couple of hours more before we can wind up and go home. This is quite common in the IT industry I work in when sometimes things do not go the way you have planned and have to give it all you have to save your day.  Being a Leader and as a Project Manager of the project I had all the responsibilities and that meant I had to cancel all my Valentine Day celebration plans with my wife.

I just called her up to inform and say sorry. Though she understood my position, I could sense that she was quite upset. It was the same condition with my team. All of them had to cancel their plans and they were visibly dejected. But I promised them a grand celebration upon the successful release of the software. It did not help much but somehow I managed to get smile on everyone’s faces.

For a moment, my thoughts rolled 5 years back when this late sitting had been a blessing in disguise as this was the same day I met my wife. I thought for a moment about my wife and just thinking about her glowing face brought a broad smile on my face.

My reverie was broken when I heard a knock on my cabin. It was Anuj.

‘Sir, the software is running fine. The users have verified all the functionalities and have positive feedback’, Anuj chuckled. It was the happiness speaking for the hard work that the team had put in for the last 6 months.

‘That’s great news Anuj.’

‘It’s been a long day today. Come let’s go and have a cup of coffee. Call the team as well. I shall tell you a story. I want you all to smile for the rest of the time we are here.’

‘Team, first of all I would like to thank you for all the efforts and hard work that you all have put in for the last 6 months for the delivery of this project. I really appreciate that. I am sorry that you have to cancel your Valentine’s Day plans as the delivery got delayed from its scheduled time. But believe me; I had to cancel my plans as well. And I assure you, we will have a gala celebration when this release is declared successful.

Just to lighten your moods, I am going to share a small story with you which eventually happened on a Valentine Day, 5 years back. And this story is about none other than me.

I was a Software Developer at that time just like you guys and we had to support a critical delivery just like we are doing it now.  I did not have a girl friend and so I was not that sad to have lost the Valentine’s Day. I was the last man to leave the office after winding up everything and informing concerned stake holders of the release. I very well remember the time-it was around 11.30 pm in the night. When I reached the main gate of the Tech Park, I saw a girl standing there whom I presumed was looking for a drop. I was a bit surprised to see her at that point of time and thought for a moment to stop. I did not however. But on moving a bit ahead, do not know what crossed my mind, took a U turn and came back to her.  Probably it was her pretty face in the rear view mirror in the dim light of street bulb that made me come back. She was a bit surprised or rather bit scared when my bike stopped in front of her.

‘Hi, I am Aakash,’ I said flashing my Tech Systems I card.

‘Hi, I am Prabha and I work for Soft Vision,’ she replied smilingly. That was the smile to die for!

‘It’s quite unusual to see a girl at this odd hour returning from office.’

‘Yeah. Actually I was stuck up in an issue and when it got resolved and I checked time, everybody in my team had gone. I booked a Cab but they said it would take another 1 hour for the Cab to reach here. So just thought to have some fresh air and try my luck for a lift.’

‘Your luck has smiled on you by sending me,’ I said probably with the intention of flirting.

‘If you do not mind, I would drop you home.’

She was thinking what to say and as my habit of being a Software Engineer, I gave her the logic-

‘See, your Cab would take another 1 hour to come here and then probably another half hour for you to reach home. And at any given point of time, I am a safer person than the Cab driver. You know my name and identity.’

She just smiled on hearing that and said, ‘That is not a thing to worry for me. I am trained in Self Defense.’

‘Okay that’s great. What else then I can say? I shall take your leave. All the best and Good Night.’

I was just about to move when she said, ‘I guess I shall come with you. You seem to be a nice person. Hope you don’t mind me dropping till M.G Road.’

‘I am indeed a nice person,’ I said to myself.

‘That’s perfectly fine. M.G road is en route to my home.’

On the way, we talked and talked and it felt to me as if we have known each other for ages. Half an hour later when I dropped her near by her home and was about to move after all thank yous and good byes, she said, ‘Hey, today is Valentine’s Day. Happy Valentine’s Day!’

‘Oh! Yeah, Wishing you the very same.’

And this started another round of conversation. I actually now realized how beautiful she was and just wished if she could be mine!

‘So your late sitting might have ruined all your today’s plans,’ she said.

‘Nah! not as such! I actually do not have a Valentine, so it does not matter. What about you?’

‘Well, the same case as yours.’

This statement of her made my mind screaming out of joy but I kept my poise and said, ‘Well, I guess then we should celebrate. Only if you wish, else I would quietly move my bike out of here. What say?’

‘Are you nuts? Celebration at this hour? Who on the earth would be open at 12.30 am?’

‘Chill, its only 12.30 am. I know each and every pulse of the city. I know a Café that remains open 24X7. Wanna have a cup of coffee?’

‘I think it’s exciting, let’s go,’ she said.

My happiness knew no bounds on hearing that. Probably by this time she might have thought that I am trust worthy a person. And to be honest, I had no false intentions. I was overwhelmed by her beauty and simplicity. I was in my mind thanking all my friends and the night outs I had with them which had helped me today!

When we reached to Chino’s Café, it was already 1am. But from the crowd in the café it seemed that it’s only 8pm in the night. Such was the charisma and the popularity of Chino’s. It was her first time there and I could make her from her eyes that I took her to the right place.

It was another 2 hours I spent with her and over a cup of coffee and by that time we were already aware of each other likes and dislikes.

In my mind, I was pondering over a feeling-the feeling of liking for quite sometime now. The more I was shrugging it off, the more it kept coming as if somebody had coded an infinite loop! Finally when we were about to leave at 3am, I mustered courage and spoke-‘Prabha, I might sound stupid and this might seem nonsense, but I kinda started liking you! I know after hearing this you would probably never see me or talk to me but then the answer would have always been NO, had I not said. Having said that, I would also say that whatever your decision be, I would respect that.’

I do not know what gave me courage to speak that!

She was dumb for a moment with surprise and perhaps shock as well.

After a moment of silence she spoke- ‘You are moving too fast Aakash. We hardly know each other and this is a big thing to be decided in couple of hours and over a cup of coffee.’

‘I know and I understand Prabha. That’s why I am saying, you can take your time. And if you think I have a potential to be worthy of you, we can have few more meetings, so that you can know me. For me, I do not want to know anything else.’

‘I need time.’

‘All yours.’

I dropped her back home at about 4 am and we exchanged our contacts and emails. I came back home and couldn’t sleep as she was on my mind all the time. Next day though I had a comp off, I went to office. Being a guy, I emailed her, texted her and lastly tried to call her- all with no replies. I was dejected and thought it’s the end of the story. A week went by and she became a stranger whom I gave lift and then forgot. Though the fact was that I could not forget her!

One fine day, everything was going to change. Destiny took a twist and my phone beeped with a sms. It was Prabha- ‘Hi Aakash! Sorry could not take your calls or reply emails. If you are free today evening, let’s catch up at 6pm.’

I replied-‘Hey Prabha! Good to hear from you again. Sure, would pick you up from your office at 6pm.’

Boy! I was beaming with happiness and how and why on earth would I not be free. I picked her up and we went to Chino’s.  That meeting onwards, we used to meet frequently, talked, smsed and Chino’s became our favorite hang out destination.

The answer however was yet to come.

One day out of the blue while sipping our coffee, Prabha said, ‘Aakash, I am very happy in your company and I think would always be happy. So my answer is YES! I am ready to be your life partner.’

That was the greatest day of my life and the happiness could not be described in words. We got married soon and are happily married till today. Touchwood and God Bless!

Guys, so this is my short love story. I hope it brought smiles on your face.”

As soon as I finished the sentence, there was a loud cheer and clapping.

It was 12 am in the night and when we were back on our desks, we got a go ahead from client that everything is smooth and we can go home.

I announced this to my team and everyone started packing. And this time also I was the last person to leave.

On my back home, I called up Prabha-‘Hey Dear! Get ready. I shall be reaching in another 20 minutes and then we are going to Chino’s.’

She almost screamed over the phone with happiness.

While sipping over our favorite coffee at Chino’s, I said-‘Prabha! Happy Valentine’s!’ She was all smiles…

__END__

