Love Short Story – THAT WAS A DREAM ONLY

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Dia”  a young girl ,this story is about her.She was just like a free bird, no tension no sorrow had came to her life. Always there was a cute smile in her face. If any one is in tension ,then they were just looking at her face and that cute smile was giving them relax.But who had know that something like miracles  will happen with her. She was living in Ladies Hostel.

It was Winter. Like all days that was also a normal day but there were something special . Dia woke up and suddenly she saw that  her room mate was in tension and was so serious. She asked her about the problem and her friend “Swati ” told about all the problems. Problem was that, one boy was giving missed calls to her cell again and again and after asking he was telling that he knew to her and then was cutting the line.They all were in young age so it was common but what was that actually they could not understand . Dia had put a smile at that time and told her not to be so serious its common. Again after some hour that boy had called again . And  Swati gave the phone to Dia to handle him. Dia  scold him blue and black, but still that boy was smiling  and he had no fear.Then after Dia and Swati thought he will never call Swati again.But ……………What was That ,,,,,,,,??at  night again Swati  saw her cell phone is ringing.Oh God……what is happening…….Again Swati gave the phone to Dia and told her to tell him that She is not at all interested to talk with him.And Dia did the same .She told him like that as Swati had told her to say. That situation got handled at that time and they  slept well together.

It  was next day morning. Nice weather that was .Dia and  Swati both  had went college together and had enjoyed lot . Then after college they came back to hostel .Dia got tiered and had a sleep.After some hour Dia woke up and  saw ……..what the hell Swati was doing? Oh my……She was talking with that Mr. wrong  number very nicely . Dia’s mood was suddenly.?…..She was not able to think what to say  Swati.  So, She had make herself silent and left the bed and went to washroom. After coming from washroom ,Swati asked  her  about the last day talk with that Wrong number and told her that she should not scold him  that much. Dia  had nothing to say ,she told her that ,”Whatever you told me Swati to tell  that guy ,I just told him.”….Then Swati told Dia to tell him Sorry for that . But it was very hard for Dia. After that again that person called .And Dia picked up the phone and talked with that person to say sorry .But that  guy  was talking nicely with her and told her to forgot about that.And after that He told her about him.His name was Kartik. He had introduced himself as a software Engineer.And Kartik asked Dia to give her cell phone number. But Dia told him to take it From her friend…because she was not interested to talk with him and she thought her friend will not give him her number without asking her.So she told like that.After little talk Dia  gave cell to Swati  again.But Swati had already given  her phone number to Kartik. It was little strange for Dia.

Kartik  had called  Dia and started talking with her. Dia was telling him not to talk but he was telling her  voice is so cute that’s why he wants to talk with her. At that time there was little hurdles came across between Swati and Dia about this matter. But Dia  started talking as a friend with Kartik. After some days ………..Kartik  proposed  to Dia. But Dia’s answer was no to him. Still he was after her and was always telling Swati to make her agree.For few days Dia and Kartik won’t talked each other……..it was about 1 month…..

Spring  had come .Nice  weather ……..so beautiful it was….At that time Dia had changed her room and  was not staying with Swati.  Both were got separated .Dia had new friends that time  and also she was talking with a boy as a friend but that boy was liking her and he also knew about Kartik. When ever Dia was talking with that friend she was missing Kartik. What ever that friend was telling to her ,she was relating all with Kartik .. time had been passed……….Again it was Rainy season. Friendship day. Suddenly what happened to Dia no one knew ,,,She gave a ring to Kartik  number. Kartik  picked up the phone and told ” Hello.”……..Dia was little nervous ,still she talked and wished Kartik Happy friendship day…And then after they talked like before. Few days after Dia had agreed with Kartik’s  proposal. Kartik was so happy that days..they both became lover. But yet both had not seen to each other,neither Dia nor Kartik . One day they had  decided to meet with each other. but there was a problem .  Dia was studying in a private college so it was  hard to come out for her. but they had one plan. Dia had to gone to her native place with her parents so at that time both had decided to see each other.Nice  moment that was .Dia was going in car and Kartik had stood on the way near to her college and they saw to each other .Just had a look they could saw. Dia was dreaming always about their love ………….she was very happy…….

No one knows what will happen in next day……like that  one day Dia had went to some place and found out that Kartik is not an engineer he had lied to her……Her dream had got broken…..Still she had talked with him because she didn’t want to loose him ……Every thing was perfect .There was no regrets between them.But suddenly Kartik had gone to his parents home .After that Dia could not contact with him .When ever she was dialing his number it was showing number busy .She was getting frustrated .Continue ten to fifteen days she tried to make him on line in phone but she failed. She was not thinking what happening actually.Then she decided to call him with an  other number and she asked her new room mate to help her .With her friend number they called him in his number and  strangely phone had ranged. Dia had started crying. Her friend talked with Kartik as a wrong number and Put up the phone. Then, May be Kartik had knew it was her friend and he called  Dia .She  picked up the phone and asked with tear why he is doing like this.Then Kartik told her that ,”His marriage had been fixed .” Dia again started crying ……Kartik told he had no option, his parents denied his love and all that. Dia had already understood he was just playing  with her feelings and nothing else…..She scold him with anger and made  switched up the phone .From that day  she had not called him again.even if she had stopped to talk with other friends in phone also. But  her heart was breaking  each and every day….tears had come unknowingly …….that smile had got vanish from her face…….that free bird was not more. Just like a body without life .

“IT WAS ONLY A DREAM”……just a dream for her…….Still she is fighting with pain and growing up……may be she had been lost the faith in Love …still she is in hope ….some day …some one…who know………….????.Her journey   is going on…

__END__

