Hi All,

This is a very sad and interesting story i had ever heard or listened too.

“Two Hearts One Soul”

Its truly said in case of my friend LOVE story, sorry, Arranged marriage story ever heard.

A pretty little girl aged 18 years was living in a village who had a proposal from a city guy, aged 21 years who was also pretty and a gentleman with lots of dreams of his princess whom he was getting married too. The day has finally come when both the parents decided to meet up for the proposal at girls house. It was 21-04-2010 the guy with his family well dressed stopped the Benz car in front of the girls house. The girls parents rushed towards the main door of the house to welcome the guy with his family. They all got settled in the hall and the pretty girl stepped into the hall dressed like a princess with a tray of glasses filled with mango juice, the guy saw the girl when she was giving the juice eye to eye contact resulted into LOVE at first sight. It was the best moment of their lives.

Marriage was done they started a happy life together without any misunderstanding. LOVE filled their worlds no entry for anyone.

Suddenly as a famous saying “Man proposes GOD disposes”, the girl went to her mom place to celebrate a festival and even her husband was invited. The guy prepared himself to move the girls home with flowers, sweets and the first gift from him to her (A long chain with photo locket-photos of both of them placed in the locket) and stopped the Benz car in front of girls house, to his bad luck this time the princess was sleeping in the hall died! He was shocked seeing this scene and threw the gift, flowers and sweets came out screaming telling its not my wife, i still feel her presence in my life and went back to his home.

Till today he has not married again (presently aged 30) nor left her things unattended, still he preserves her comb with her hairs, mirrors with her bindi’s (Sticker), dresses, used utensils, the house they lived in and each and every moment he remembers her and spending his life happily and sadly with her presence.

Great husband lucky wife.

–END–

