Love Short Story – Five Months Relationship…

Photo credit: 

 from 

6th feb,the day i decided to come out of my 6 years long relationship.I was so frustrated that i broke up wid him.My 12th boards were next month and i didn’t knew even the chapters name.That month passed soon and i was feeling free to live my life my own way but soon after my boards i realised how my life has changed without mudit. He was my first love or i must say he was an addiction to me.The way he pampered me n cared for me,i started missing all that.I tried to get back to him but out of anger he too changed his mind.

One day while going though my facebook profile, i got a friend request from ANKIT GOYAL. I opened his profile n checked his info.We were from the same place and he was also quite good looking.Visiting his profile, a new thought strikes me. I started thinking optimistically,i thought if my first relation didn’t work well then what, i will surely be good in the second one.

Keeping this thought in mind,i accepted his friend request.We started chatting soon.We talked till 3:30 a.m in the night and he told me about him,he was in bba 2nd year in pune.The next day i woke up and messeged him,he replied at 1:15 p.m. We started talking on the phone. He started calling me ‘BABU’,the word i hated the most but it sounded something different hearing it from him.

In the night itself,he proposed me and i could not stop myself from saying yes.Now i was in a relationship with ankit,in just 2 days of knowing each other.It sounded really wierd, but something was there in ankit which attracted me and made me crazy. I called ashita, my school friend,to tell her about my new relationship,but she didn’t support me and instead asked me to stay out of it.Sitting alone in my room,i started thinking about it.One thing was now sure in my mind,that Ankit was a flirt..!! I decided not to get serious in this relationship with ankit.

I had planned to get admission in a good college in bangalore for doing engineering but for ankit i changed my mind.I convinced my parents to send me to pune for doing law.Everything was going well,mudit was now out of my life and my mind too.We used to talk over phone whole night,he loved me n cared for me like i wished to be.But as always,i cannot remain happy for long.

Someone told ankit about my past relationship,that i had been physical with mudit. But that was not true,we were very close but not that much. Ankit was coming to meet me the next day from pune and he started forcing me to tell the truth.I tried a lot to convince him but he was not even ready to listen.At 1:00 a.m ankit called me and said i want to check ur virginity,and if i found that u are not virgin then i will leave u and if u will prove ur virginity,i will love u more than ur dad…its a promise.

I was left with no other option as i had started loving him and in any condition i didn’t want to leave him.I also didn’t want to commit any mistake in this relationship as i have already lost my first love.I could not sleep the whole night as i was so afraid or rather i was much tensed about what was going to happen tommorow.

Next day he came to meet me in my house,my dad had already left for office and my mom was sleeping in her room.He came to my room and he sat beside me,my legs started trembling with fear but without wasting time he took me to bed,stripped me,kissed me very passionately………….after a few mintues,he was done and he didn’t even notice the stain of blood in my bedsheet.

I lost my virginity that day just to make him trust me.Everything was going well again.One day while talking at night he told me dat he lied to me, he was an MBA student,and he was in his last semester.I was shocked to hear that but more shocked as it did not bother me a little also.My love for him has grown so deep in these few days that now this things can’t separate us.

The next week i had to leave for pune.I reached pune with my parents for my admission but unfortunately,i was not destined to be there.My parents didn’t agree for my admission there.I was very upset about it,we had already planned our lives together but now all that was just a dream.I went to meet ankit,and he took me to his flat.

‘Look this time i have got a condom’,ankit said,i understood what he was upto. I started weeping silently,but he convinced me again.

Finally,i took admission in an engineering college.On the way back pune,he messaged me,’yesterday was the best day of my life babu,missing u badly…’ .

But after coming back here,things started changing,and i was not liking those changes,he started giving me less time,no more night talks, no more caring, but the thing i missed the most was..he stopped calling me ‘babu’.This continued for a few weeks,but the situation even got worse with the passing of time.He also started abusing me,but i was still holding on to him because i had a fear of loosing him.He started ignoring me and i started loving him more and more with each passing day.

I knew he has used me but my heart was not ready to accept this. His b’day was coming and i was busy planning gifts for him.On the other side,he almost stopped talking to me,we didn’t talk everyday.But the day he received my gifts,i was surprised to see his love for me.For that love,i could do anything and everything possible.I just wanted him to love me,care for me like he used to do before.I knew,our relationship was not going to last more,but i wanted him in my arms for the last tym,i wanted to tell him how much i love him.I wished him on his b’day,also ordered a cake for him online. 6 days later was my b’day too.But he didn’t even remember,or i must say he remembered but didn’t even care to wish me.That was his love for me.I was feeling bad and was hurt as the person i love the most doesn’t even remember my b’day.

Next month,during diwali vacations,he was going home,he also came to meet me.I still think,he really came to meet me,or meeting me was an excuse.I dont remember when he even asked me how i am, he was so busy in bed with me,he didn’t had time for all this.But i didn’t stop him,because i knew that this was the last time i m probably meeting him.After that day,he never called me,nor did i do.I didn’t want him to be in relationship with me forcefully.I was waiting for him to call but he didn’t. That was all of our 5 months relationship..!!

After a month or two,i checked his facebook profile, i was shocked to see that,’ankit is in a relationship with anjali’.I coudn’t stop myself from crying,this was the only option i had.I called him and he rudely said

‘aditi plz stay out of my life,i love her and i m going to marry her soon’.

Tears rolled down my cheeks,but i tried to console myself.I knew after me,he is surely going to make more gf’s,but it was vry difficult for me to digest that he is truely in love with a girl and going to marry her.Although i had accepted this as my fate,but even thinking about ankit hurts me.I gave him my everything,truely loved him and in return he broke my heart.I still wonder,how could anybody do that? why did he spoil my life? I had no answer of a thousand questions that pops up in my mind everytime i think about him.Crying is the only option i am left with.I have everyhting in my life,i m living a very comfortable life as compared to others but atleast others live happily.I have everything but not happiness.I want to be happy,but i coudn’t, this is all bcoz of him,i want to move on but everytime i want to do so,i stop at the very thought of him.

i can’t make myself more optimistic,once i tried to but this time…or this relationship has changed me a lot.I am no more the old me,i dont believe in love and relationships anymore.I really wonder,how ironic people and things can be,pretty lies wrapped up in ribbons and the worst part is,this kind of people still get what they want in life.

__END__

