Short Story of Love – ANNIVERSARY GIFT

Photo credit: 

 from 

After a long distance courtship of 2 years, I married Rohit, a software engineer by profession. We were introduced to each other through facebook and before long our late night chit-chats blossomed into love. After marriage I moved with Rohit to Pune and joined there as a librarian. Our days were going well, with each day we found us more madly in each other’s love. As I knew him more he earned more of my respect and trust.

It was our first marriage anniversary. But Rohit had a presentation to do and so was not allowed a full day leave. So the good husband promised his wife a surprise. 5 pm became 6 and 6 turned to 7 but he did not return. His phone was unreachable and I smiled thinking it as a part of his surprise. But when the clock showed 9 pm I couldn’t stop worrying. I called in his office, but the call went unattended. And then at ten, I received a call from the police.

I was numb with fear. For the first time I felt myself so vulnerable and alone. The body was covered with white sheet. The constable uncovered the head and my guts only managed to have a glimpse at the face. It was, it was unrecognizable, like something smashed it. A truck hit the bike.

I came out of the room. It couldn’t be him. The inspector gave me his mobile from which he got my number. I was silent, no words were making sense to me. The whole world around me was blur. I asked no questions and heard no answers. The inspector dropped me in my apartment. I remember his last line “You need to claim the body”. And then the jeep went. I stood there for long. And when I found the little strength in me I walked to my flat. I had to call home.

I switched on the lights in the drawing room and sat there for some minutes when I realized a light from my bedroom whereas I switched it off before leaving. And when I entered the room it was lighted with candles. That was a situation I was hopeful, surprised, happy and yet afraid and then………….

“Happy Anniversary my baby doll”, it was his voice.

Oh that moment! I broke down into tears. He was alive, with me. Believe me it was the most joyous moment.

“Hey hey what’s wrong?”  I hugged him tightly. And when I write about this now I still feel the goose bumps.

After my tears resided I managed to tell him everything. To make the long story short it was his colleague Ajit. Rohit went to his p.g after the office and probably their mobiles got exchanged then. They went out together to the mall on bike and then Ajit took Rohit’s bike for some urgent work. His family lost their son but as a lover I was relieved that nothing happened to my love. Am being selfish in my thoughts but love makes us do everything.

–END–

