Love Short Story – When GOD fell in love

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Twinkle! Twinkle little stars…..How I wonder what you are…….among these stars on top of a cloud was this handsome GOD. He was young and vibrant, brilliant and powerful. He was lying around the clouds feeling lazy and gazing from up there. Suddenly, his eyes fell on to a couple lost in each other . He wistfully looked at them, thinking …..”What these mortal felt together?”…

And it reminded him of his own long lost feminine part, which to his dismay and anguish had been taken away from him in order to create this entire universe. He still could recall the parting explosion and felt his literally broken heart. It was not to be thought that the God didn’t love, he loved all the beings of the earth, and he was kind, gentle and benevolent.

But then it was a very old story and what was gone was gone. He got up and went to do his work, which is; governing the world and all. But he was pre-occupied by the sight he saw in the afternoon. So, just for the heck of it he painted a baby and gave her life in the image of that which was feminine in him.

And then he sent her on to the earth.

Time passed by, the girl started growing. After creating her, he forgot about her after all it was just an image. He became very busy in other work. After 20 years when one day he again found time to gaze down, he first looked for her.

God was stunned, he was stuck, and he was dumbfounded by what he saw. He wondered is this what he created or it was a miracle he didn’t do?

Like a sculptor who has fallen in love with his own creation, God too fell in love with her. He couldn’t stop himself from looking at her when she was asleep, when she was awake, when she walked, when she sang in between the sunflower field with wind blowing on her face, when she prayed.

So one day he thought he would go and talk to her. She was praying almighty’s idol, which was manifestation of God as a human mind was limited to see. She was thanking him for being so kind and benevolent to her. He was behind the statue, listening. Then that sweet powerful voice which titillated him, drew him to her compelled him to show himself to her. But that was against the rule in the book of heaven.

NO mortal, can see a God until he or she is worthy of it. He wanted to speak to her. But he maintained his distance and looked at her from behind the trees, behind the moon, behind the watery pond when she looked at herself and behind his own statue. But one day he became helpless in front of his own heart…….

The girl was pretty beyond imagination, she was a dream, people used to stare at her when she walked by the streets. Her face held all the love, benevolence, peace and harmony. People, when they looked at her face they felt an unknown peace and tranquility in their hearts.

And she used to tend the poor, sick and needy. They all used to get healed just by looking at her. But one day when she came down after her prayers in the temple, she slipped on the staircase and fell down from 150 steps and then her body came to a halt.

People nearby came, checked her breath. Men stood in silence, women gasped and children cried. All of the whispered among themselves, she was an angle .Why did God had to do this? Didn’t she deserve to live of all people?

She was holy soul .Oh! Poor! Dear! How unfortunate…

But one wise old woman among them said something very strange and all of them were silenced. She said “They die young whom God loves……”

God smiled .And sitting in his cloud thrown; he extended his hand, which she took smiling.

At night when God retired to his chamber; She was asleep .And like a painter who likes gazing at his own drawn portraits, he gazed at her and realized she was the peace and beauty of his own heart……..

__END__

