Love Short Story – VARUN AND THE FASCINATING GIRL

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Varun woke up early in the morning with a strange thought in his mind, “Something surprise would happen.”

It was an early morning in the monsoon season. Weather was cloudy with cool atmosphere. There was no sign of rain. Most of the walkers felt most pleasant in the park. Varun was still in the bed, enjoying early morning sleep. Suddenly, the phone rang. He didn’t attend to the call. Again, the phone rang. With much reluctance, he got up and lifted the phone. A beautiful voice came from the other end.

“Good morning my darling Varun. Are you sleeping yet? Come to the park.”

Varun was confident that it was a voice of a young girl with a lovely accent.

He was surprised to listen the voice of an young girl. Without responding to her, he got up and moved towards the park. Varun was very much eager to meet the young girl. He was walking through the park, enjoying the beautiful nature. He had a limited number of friends in the park.

On that day, there was a rush of walkers mostly elderly persons, women and children. He was searching the unknown young girl, who talked to him just couple of minutes back. How to recognize an unknown young girl? Varun was making his own sketch of the girl. Being an artist, he took efforts to draw sketch, illustration and finally drawing of the long curly hair beautiful girl. He had full concentration on the work.

Always, he used to keep tools and drawing book and special papers with him. While drawing he kept in mind her beauty, flowers in her hair, earrings, long necklace and the bracelet. Her modern pink color dress with latest design was best suited to her. High heeled shoes was added her beauty. By the time, the drawing was over, he thought of continuing her search. He was thinking, she may be relaxing somewhere.

On the way, he met one grand old lady, who was a regular visitor to the park. She had a strange habit of wishing all the walkers with folded hands. Some of the friends, who met Varun just wished him good morning.

Just then, he saw a little boy playing with a wrist watch lying on the ground. Throwing the watch up and taking catch was his game. Varun was under the impression that he had seen this wrist watch before. First, Varun thought that the little boy after taking the wrist watch from his dad, playing with it as he likes. But after few minutes, Varun had to think the opposite. It was his own wrist watch. The boy took the wrist watch carefully and put it into his pocket. After that, he ran as quickly as possible.

Varun didn’t know what to do for the moment. He began to scream loudly with all his might to catch the boy. He hoped there would be somebody nearby to catch him. But there was nobody around. Varun ran after him quickly, but he was disappeared. Then Varun realized that he lost his costly wrist watch. He felt very much hopeless. The wrist watch might have fell on the ground without his knowledge. He was in the habit of wearing the loose watch belt. His mother warned him not to use loose belt. He continued to wear loose belt. Having lost the costly wrist watch, it was a very awful day for him.

While sitting on a bench, he was inquiring the walkers about the girl by showing his drawing. Everybody replied in negative. Suddenly, a fascinating young beautiful girl appeared. What a surprise? There was no difference between his drawing and the young girl. It was a replica of a young girl.

She asked: “What happened to you? Where have you been?”

It was the same voice which he had heard in the morning on the phone. The same distinctive accent he had heard on the phone. He couldn’t believe his eyes. She was standing in front of him, trying to tell him something. Varun wanted to gift the drawing to her. He was also expecting her response, what a beautiful drawing?

At that moment he felt someone shaking his shoulder and saying:

“Wake up Varun, wake up. It’s getting too late to proceed to your college. Wake up and get ready fast. Breakfast is ready.”

He opened his eyes and saw his mother. What a pity! No fascinating young beautiful girl, no park, no walkers, no grand old lady, no playing little boy, no friends and no drawing of a beautiful girl.

Varun jumped out of bed immediately and checked his wrist watch. Thank God! It was there. He realized that it was a beautiful dream turned into great great disappointment. Dream girl remained only in his memory.

Well dressed and pleasingly adorned young girl appeared in a dream means hearing pleasing news from an unexpected quarters.

__END__

