LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

My Dear

When I saw you first, I was attracted towards you by the simple and graceful charm of your face and the way you were moving around nonchalant, calm and silent, only drawn to yourself without any diversions. Everything I had observed about you was that of a disciplined self. Unlike other chirping girls around, boosting about their smartness or having a smart personality, displaying their dresses and presenting themselves as a walking beauty symboles all around, you were simple in your mannerism and the charm on your face was magnificent. Everything was perfect, either it were the lips, nose, cheeks or the magnificent eyes which were equally added on the face as per its diameter. Upon the round face always brimming with inner satisfaction and confident about oneself, whenever, black big eyes had a look towards any direction, there was charm around containing the colour of the beautiful reddish blossmed lips and ripened cheeks.   While sitting in the classroom,  I use to stare towards you almost persistently. Are you aware of it ?

Yes of course you are. In the first instance or say so in the biggening whenever I looked towards you and in case your eyes took a note of my eyes stareing towards you, you just flashed a message ” Oh ! it usually happens with me, people use to look at me because you know I have a white complexion but it is mixed with the wheatish cream with the light shade which makes it enormously graceful and ever youthful “.

Really, I was feeling myself drawing towards you because you were for me from a different world. I had gone through such descriptions in the novels and stories but it was a full fledged reality sitting before me. I use to be very grateful to the eternity for providing me the chance of having your presence in my world. You know I always remembered the words of a saint who use to say that whenever two lovers have met on earth and make love they always say to each other that ” Only we on this earth are making love of this kind and nobody else in the history of mankind has ever made or will ever make the kind of love we are making at this moment”. This sort of love will never born and has never born ever earlier.

And you know, gradually, it happened that when I had made a routine to look at you, naturally, it was your subconscious mind that was informing you that it is the time to look at why it is happening that a man who is looking towards has some special emphasis in his glance. He wants to say something. Naturally secretly you mind has started to find the meaning of my looking towards. In fact, one month had already elapsed and I use to see you.  Only, I was looking at you and that was in the first place from my side. I was finding a window to pass the message. My mind and heart was with you, towards you and there was a continuous search from my side to find out the way to convince you that I was brimming with love towards you, only the question was how to convey it, to make it felt by you.

Naturally there were so many questions bubbling in my mind, what would I do when you will ask me to do some thing a favour for you to justify and as a proof of my love towards you or by chance what would you ask me what I can or will do for you in support of my inclination towards you.  That was a question of total submission and proof of devotion.    I knew you were not put any difficult demand for me to fullfil it.  But the main question was whether I invoke the same feelings in your mind and heart towards me or not, if it was yes, it was really great then there was some chance that we would be able to come and talk on a platform and decide the things.   But still it was not still decided and it was not to be at the present moment as I had not got any idea whether you would be liking me or not.

The passion I had, it was really great and you know it is beyond imagination to describe it. I had a great desire that at least you note that I am looking towards you and there was a message in the looking. Anyhow, if you could pick up the passion, the  idea, the devotion and in its place you could have send me back a message through your beautiful that could have generated a whole new universe.  But it was yet to happen. I was in the waiting. You were a queen going to give my your gracious love, which was going to fulfill my life time desire and fulfilling my life.   Perhaps you don’t know, I use to feel the seasons of various kind in your presence. The winter, the summer, the rainy season, the rainy, the prewinter and the Spring were all in and around you. That was all in your smile and otherwise. Gradually you had started to visit in my dreams and I started becoming self conscious whether the people are noticing my gestures, my feeling and my intentions. Any how I was always towards you  and for you only, wishing to see you then and there.

Gradually, I had received a message through your eyes and that was very promising quite positive. The message was ” try to come nearer to me”.   But in the class in front of so many students and the teacher it could not be possible to sit alongside you. Even I was quite conscious about the students and teachers roaming in the corridors. They may notice and spread the rumours about it. On the other hand I had a purpose before me and I had to be successful first of all  in achieving that purpsoe. On the other hand I had a proposal from your side atleast for the present. I could have tried it . I made a mind to talk to you, or atleast judge you by touching you or by this or that way come before you and later on hand over to you all my feelings and my wholesome devotion to you and find solace in your presence. Alas, it could happen. It could happen but all of a sudden due to an emergent situation when I proceeded to my native village during the course of holidays after the annual examinations and even narrated the tale of my love to my fellows and came back later nearly after one month, I found that you were not there.   You had been married to someone else in haste with your due consent.   My love was not authenticated yet by you.  I knew it.

That was our last year of study and I had to look after my career and to concentrate on my further my studies. Later on I heard that you had also cleared the examination as I had.  Our ways had parted sufficiently. I was in search of job and side by side there were memories of your charming personality sailing in my mind. Whenever, I use to be in a sad mood your countenance would come before my eyes, your crimson face would make be joyous. By the very feeling of your personality the summer and dry season would always convert into a pleasent season (sometimes rainy and some times the fragrant spring season).  I would even forget the scorching heat of the summer . I do not what you were doing and what was your daily routine and what were exactly your fantacies.

Anyway I was in the competition for finding a suitable job. In those days, you are well aware government jobs had a charming factor and  I had also the same inclination towards it.  One year had elapsed and I had not found any that charming as you were during this period.  But I had got myself entered into a office. Two months had just passed and I was passing through a corridor while going with an official work to another room, it happened as it had perhaps destined and your were just before me. You stared at me and I at you. I was so much astonished and at the same full of joy. It was your humbleness that you stopped by and perhaps due to recognizing me as your classmate you stopped and wished me . I also wished you and was even able to locate where you were working in the building. I also told you about my place of duty and we parted for the time being.

Now it had become my obsession to reach to you and find your whereabout on daily basis. You were daily in my sight and I was always in your sight.  But there was something which was making us stay at the peaks of two different mountains. Looking each other and recognizing each other. I was feeling it necessary that we had to meet on the same platform some how. I was finding the ways. Once with courage I told to you to come over a cup of coffee or tea but you were reluctant at that moment. But I kept the courage to show my feelings.

Then it happened that I found a friend of my line of working sitting in your room. I started visting him and wishing you was always part of my routine while making the visit into your room. Slowly, you had recognised my glances. I was very happy to see you  on daily basis. By virtu of fate or some thing it happened that a lady office who was at present boss was shifted to your room as the controlling officer and when she did not find a congenial atmosphere upto some extent, she insisted me to join her and I at the very begining a little bit reluctant, I joind her in y0ur room.

Now I was now sitting just before you. My thing of beauty and appreciation was before me every day. Now my boss the lady and to whom I always appreciate as a good lady and helping towards their subordinates had also very appreciating ideas for me as far as my work was concerned and in any way she would always reluctant to leave me as a colleague. Incidently, she happens to be a lady who was living separately from her husband and was not ready to marry again in any way became first of your boss and later on a very intimate friend. I noticed that you were both going outside together for some tea and coffee and gradully I had noticed a secret and grand friendship among both of you. You were married, I was not and your boss was a separately living women. I was trying very hard to convince you to accept my warm feelings still.

And one day I noticed that your boss had joind an religious organisation and she was naratting you the merits of joining that organisation.   I was speculating whether you will be joining that particular organisation.   I always wished you could join me.    It was not happening yet.    One day when I was by chance sitting alone in the room and that day you were on leave, there came a visitor who enquired about your boss who was also my boss and I told him she will be available after a little while.    After a little while she was available and now they both were chatting together.   I was sitting pretending to be very busy in my work but I was obsereving the mode of their conversation.   Through their conversation I realised that the organisation about which they were talking and also in the end promised to meet positively on the coming saturday was a organisation whose members were interwoven in the sense that they were ready to help their fellow members in any sense in any way.    That man had gone with the promise to meet her on the coming saturday.  At that momemt I thought that it was between  she and he only, and I did not bother much and kept myself busy with my work.

It was Friday and I was out from the office in the evening after office house for my home and I was walking alongside the big trees of Arjun, neem and other various kind and shrubs maintained in a very stylished fashion quite charming.   I had left the office a little bit far and had reached at another crossing, from where I had to pick up the bus to reach my destination .  And there what I saw that had snatched something from my heart.   That scenario had snatched you from me.   You were boarding into the car of the same person who had approached your boss and I knew you were heading to his organisation.  The next day there were two other ladies you were boarding into the same car.   My astonishment was increasing and later I was advised by my trusted sources that I should not follow your organisation, I was still to get married and association with that organisation may wash away the prospectus of my marriage.

But you know I still remember you and there is nothing so prominent and permanent in my fantasiesas far as my dream lady is concerned.   I still remember about your lustrious hairs and the glorious beautiful shade upon your whole personality.  You were always unique.

Yours true …

xxxx

__END__

