Those Few Moments – Love Short Story

Those Few Moments – Love Short Story

Sky was dark and gloomy. Thunder was blitzing to lighten the gloominess every now and then. Rain was pouring outside and misting windscreen of his car making it difficult to view outside. Scores of raindrops gathered at top of windscreen and formed several rivulets dancing downward with full spring, trying to confluence with exhilarating stream of rain water that was looking forward for a new destination on dark and endless road.

“…” I finally wanted to spurt my heavily amassed feeling but my throat was choked. “T..hanks… for everything… I started liking to come office in morning. You have been wonderful.. Good bye.”

These few seconds had brought the universe a standstill. I needed nothing but few more seconds to continue feeling meaning of love beyond boundaries of good and bad doings.

 

***

It was my first job.

I, only child of an affluent but conservative south Indian family, had to follow my father’s wish after completing my research from Zurich. I returned to India despite a lucrative, dream offer from number one Swiss pharmaceutical company. It was my father who allowed me to continue my MS in Zurich despite knowing that leukaemia might slowly be stealing my immunity to tackle both physical and emotional bruises.

Life became a holiday for me – a paid holiday. My father gave me everything in his utmost effort to fulfil my wishes even though they were never expressed by me. Trip to whole Europe, a well equipped small lab cum library as my study room, roof garden, a sweet kitten…

I had no hesitation when I sensed my father’s wish and decided to stay with him as much as and as long as possible. We both tried to bring smiles for each other, but I failed, always. Like any father, he had dream – a long life for his princess: marriage, kid, a happy life.

Life moved on. Few months later my new boss came in my life. Yes, in my life. He was like my father – serious eyes but evergreen smile, sweet but direct talk, caring and nurturing.

“Hello buddies, I am your new manager. No ‘Sir’, no ‘Mr’, no second name… just call me Adi… I am married with two school going kids. And I love to stay with my family and that is why I always try to make the office as my home. You all are now my family… and I would consider myself successful when you all love this family and really like to come here every morning… ”

That day we went out for team dinner. His expert eyes found my hidden talent in my introvert nature,

“Hey beautiful girl, I am sure you sing well. Isn’t it?”

And I sang first time other than my music classes.

 

Time was flying. Except my father everyone, including me, seemed to be very happy. Adi was an early bird to reach office and I loved to start my day with him. Every day I opened my eyes looking at my father and entered in office to find Adi greeting me,

“Hey Angleface, wass’up?”

And to his this childish adjective I loved to smile, like a doll.

Very soon he recognized my weakness. I had less time. But he always leveraged my strengths. He reviewed my position in team and assigned me team lead for new technological initiatives and patent portfolio management.

One week later my father entered in my room holding my medical report. There was life in his eyes,

“Your blood cells have increased. I know darling… He is almighty”

 

Yes. He was almighty, at least I started believing so. There was nothing called impossible for Adi. In one of his meeting he was motivating the team to take a deadly target,

“Come one guys…. there is nothing impossible. Just break it and it will become I M POSSIBLE”

Six weeks later we all went to a pub to celebrate his positivity. We completed that project… successfully.

 

“Hey Angelface! There is good news for you. Please come with me in evening…”

Oh my god! So direct. So much confident. So much believe. There was no hesitation in his voice when he invited me.

“What are you looking at me… Oh that old man! Tell your dad that you are going on date with 40 years old… ha haa haa… if you hesitate, should I ask his permission?”

That night I reached home and hugged my dad. I had an envelope that included a year contract with musical company owned by Adi’s close friend.

 

A year!!! Yes, I wish many more to come in my life. It was my twenty sixth birthday. Despite persistent request from my father to take a day off, I went to office. I was shocked to see that my cubicle was decorated and office was already full in early morning. Adi was first to greet,

“Happy b’day Angelface…”

 

And whole office thundered that day. It was like an earthquake. His secretary whispered during lunch,

“Adi is promoted. Very soon he would be leaving us to take new responsibility in Singapore”

I was first victim of this quake. He called me in his room. Unlike of him, he closed the room behind him. He came closer to me. Lift my chin through his two fingers, bringing his face very close to me. I closed my eyes, anticipating the loveliest instance of my life.

“Angleface, you studied in Zurich. You visited whole Europe. You are topper. You are beautiful. There must be someone who would have proposed you. Tell me, who is the lucky one?”

I was dumbstruck. Srikanth face was flashing on his laptop screen. Sri was my senior in MS and proposed me despite knowing my early stage of leukaemia. But I saw more sympathy than love in his proposal and simply cut any contact with him.

“He really loves you. There is something beyond rational understanding. Just go for it.”

“Adi… you know t..hat …”

First time I called him by his name.

“Yes, dear. I know that you also now know that everything is possible. Please say yes to him.”

Next day, Adi barged into my dad’s office and “settled” everything.

But I was unsettled. My father was the happiest person on this earth. It was going to be one of the rememberable and spectacular events of his life. He was busy with every detail to arrange the mega event.

 

Today was my last day in office.  As usual I came early to listen “Angleface” from him last time. But it was a different day and different Adi. He was too busy in his room to even attend my farewell party. Surprising to others, he was closed behind his office door whole day. There was no smile at his face.

I was waiting for my almighty to say good bye to me. But he did not come out of his room. It was already half past six and also started raining heavily outside. There was hardly anyone in office. I left my seat and headed to his office,

“Please come in… wish you all the…”

I interrupted him, almost shouting, “Will you drop me home… NOW”

***

 

Suddenly wipers wiped away those young dreams in a feeble attempt to show me vividity of reality. A sudden stroke of lighting showed my partly decorated apartment on left side of the road. Yes! Partly.

I tried to leave his car and him as quickly as possible but his hand gently held me. Sudden thunder chilled my nerves. I froze like statue. I was still sitting beside him watching temporary vision that wipers’ persistent attempts had brought to me.

His grip on my hand tightened and remained longer than a typical affectionate good bye handshake.

“…” (Silence)

“…” (Silence)

Finally he released his grip… It was time to say good bye. My heart stopped beating momentarily. It was writhing loudly,

“Tell that you love him.”

There was nothing but silence that could come out. In last few moments I had lived a whole life. Finally I felt his covert feeling. There were tears in his eyes – I could, for sure, see myself in them. I felt accomplished…

 

Few seconds later…

I was standing at road side at my door step watching fading tail light. Tomorrow would be a brand new day – Srikanth would be returning from Zurich for our engagement.

I closed my eyes. This rain had to stop for a sunny day tomorrow.

__END__

