Love Short Story – In Love with a Ring

Photo credit: 

 from 

He bent his head, and his lips touched hers in a warm embrace. Blindly, she moved closer and clasped her hands in his hair, above his neck, drawing him nearer, as the kiss deepened.

One by one, their clothing items fell away, landing on the persian rug with soft whispering sounds. He carried her in his arms, with his lips still locked with hers, and put her on the bed. A certain magic invaded her, and she parted her legs, her hands grasping her inner thighs, leading him to an unmistakable invitation.

Half an hour later, both of them, exhausted, sated after coming to their crisis, lay intertwined on the bed.

Suddenly she remembered something. In a swift movement, ignoring her exhaustion, she brought the back of her hand in front of her eyes and breathed an audible sigh of relief. It was there! The beautiful, mesmerizing, oval diamond enclosed simply, yet stunningly in the platinum ring rested on her finger. Her eyes filled with delight as she closed them, drifting into a dream- dreaming of a ring, 

 ring.

She woke up with a jolt; someone was shaking her.

“Wake up.” It was a frantic whisper.

“What?” She muttered sleepily.

“It’s my wife. She’s on her way over here. She arrived a day too early.” He was panicked, she could see. Shaking the sleep out of her head, she sat up and looked at the ring,

 ring again. 

 It was still there, breath-taking as ever.

“Okay. I’ll go.” She walked over, picked up her clothes from the floor, and started dressing.

Ten minutes later, as she was heading for the door, he asked.

“Pooja?” He called.

“Yes darling? What is it?” She tried to be polite.

“You know I love you. And I’ll marry you once I get the divorce from my bitchy wife. But..-” His nervous explanation trailed off.

“I know baby. It’s okay.” She said calmly and kissed him on the lips briefly.

He was silent for a moment, and she turned and reached the door knob. Something inside him reminded him of something and he said.

“Honey?” He tried to sound loving, but his voice failed him. It showed fear, uncertainty.

“Yeah.” She was irritated now, but didn’t show it.

“I’m sorry, but I’ll need the ring.” He said, his voice apologetic, begging. “Its hers.” He explained.

No! It was as if a mountain had fallen over her head. No! The ring was hers, only 

 hers .! No one could take it away from her. 

Seeing her expression, he started again, nervously: “Look honey. I know you like it, but –” He was cut off midway through his explanation by her shrill screaming.

“No!” She screamed.

Her breath was coming in short gasps, she shaken to the core of her being.

, she reminded herself. But she could feel his eyes upon her, upon the ring,

 ring. Thoroughly shaken and appalled, she, with her quivering, trembling hands pulled out a gun. It was heavy for her trembling hands, and it shook heavily as she leveled it against him.

His face was struck with horror as he saw her angling the gun at him. “No!” he roared, panicked, his eyes fluttering, his mind numb, not believing what he saw: the woman, who, minutes ago was wrapped around him, making love to him, surrendering herself, was now aiming a gun at him, trying to kill him. The irony of it was beyond what his mind could ever comprehend.

There were two loud sounds, gunshots emanating from a pistol. He clutched his throat, arched his neck, a sharp intake of air, and fell back on the floor, dead as a stone.

She dropped the gun, but not before kicking him, just to make sure he was no longer alive enough to even attempt a go for her ring. Convinced, she removed the ring from her finger, brought it to her lips, and kissed it. It was magical. Moments later, she had forgotten that she was standing over a corpse and that the cops will soon come. As long as the ring was with her, everything was fine.

, she told herself. 

. Delight pricked the back of her eyes and her lips curled up into a smile. The ring was 

…

 __END__

