Insanity is Enjoyable – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“It’s 10.30 already Krishiv, You promised me to be at home sharp at 6.00 in the evening.” Dhimahi shouted looking at me, as I entered the house.

“Yes I told you darling but I am not working at a government office, I am a Chartered Accountant and there are bunch of responsibilities on my shoulders.” I told throwing my shoes in the corner of the room.

“It will be good for us if you throw this tag called “CA” out in your office leaving it everyday.” Dhimahi was desperate to fight.

“Come on Dhimahi try n understand yaar, there was an urgent meeting called by the CEO today and being an AGM I had to remain present over there.” I calmed a bit looking at Dhimahi in the Rani Laxmibai mode.

“Yes I know, now that bald CEO is more important to you than me, this is the last thing remaining in my life now.” Dhimahi started the emotional atyachar in her typical daily soap style.

“I thought I married Miss. Right, didn’t know first name was ALWAYS.” I finally got irritated.

And after such a controversial statement what I heard was the sound of bedroom door banged and after that a big scream,

“You have changed Krishiv.”

Now only two options were left with me, either to spend the whole night on this softy softy sofa in the drawing room or at the terrace & I chose the second one.

I took my cell and dialed, 99****1844…….

“Hey Mayank, Krish here.”

“I have your number saved, buddhu. Say what happened, why called so late at the night?” Mayank politely inquired even though knowing why I might have called.

“What it can be Mikda don’t you know, time for the terrace conference.” I told.

“Is it so, ok then don’t forget to bring the Soda & Ice, I will bring the main course.” Mayank said and disconnected the call.

Mayank was the second cousin and one of the best friend of mine. He lived just the floor above mine at Vaibhav Apartments. Terrace Conference was the meeting between us where we shared our problems with each other sipping our

 all time favorite Absolute Vodka and trying to forget them. When I reached the terrace with soda bottle & ice Mayank was already there wearing nice light pink t-shirt and black track at his usual spot, swing on the left side of the terrace.

“Once again, war with the Dhimahi.” He asked with mischievous expressions on his face.

“You are making the peg or I?” I answered his question with another very relevant question.

“Have I changed Mikda, you know me since childhood so tell me frankly.” I asked taking sip of my chilled vodka.

“Abey aaj tere ko ek hi peg me chad gayi he kya?” Mayank asked playing with natural curls above his round face.

“Nope, yar Dhimahi told me today that I have changed. Have I actually, give me the frank opinion.” I said looking into Mayank’s eyes behind his half-frame specs so as to find the answer there.

“Actually you used to be so indecisive, now I don’t know.” Mayank told staring into my eyes.

And we both broke into smile on that joke.

“Actually you were bit different, remember Sarpass?” Mayank pointed out to me making the second peg.

And there was a pin drop silence on the terrace after that remark. Sarpass was the place which changed the direction of my life. Mayank was also there with me. And with that remark of Mayank, I just pressed the rewind button and rewound my life for 8 years to reach the mountains of Sarpass situated in Parvati valley which abounds in natural beauty with snow-clad mountains, perennial rivulets and streams waterfalls, picturesque meadows in the midst of dense forests of Devdar and Fir trees. Base camp of the trek was Kasol, a village situated on the banks of the Parvati River. I and Mayank were the first to report at the base camp. After registration we both were sitting under a tree enjoying the smell of Charas, which is the cashcrop of some of kasol’s people & illegal too. Just at that time I saw a beautiful girl wearing White Jacket, blue denim & nice black goggles playing hide n seek with her nicely highlighted hair at the registration desk. She had the most beautiful eyes I ever saw; her blue eyes made the sky look pale.

“Mikda, look that girl at the registration desk, she is so beautiful yaar…” I told with so much excitement.

“Chill maar Krish, She will not even think about you, look at you big hulk.” Mayank said in very light tone not to sound insulting.

“Hi, I am Dhimahi.” She said. We didn’t recognized when she came towards us while we were discussing.

“Hi, I am Krishiv and he is my friend Mayank.” I immediately stood up in attention.

I also made three new friends at the base camp itself in Vinay, Vatsal & Jay. They were very friendly guys.

“Hey Krish, you like this Dhimahi na.” Vinay caught me staring at her while going for acclimatization.

“Who me..?? No no, there is nothing like that you color.” I tried to escape the question.

With each day passing I was getting more and more attracted towards Dhimahi. She was very mature and sweet girl. The only problem was how to tell her that I like her. What if she denied or she is already committed? I was in my thoughts

 throughout the trek from Padri to Ratapani which almost took 5 hours. Just one look at the Ratapani camp was refreshing enough to make you forget the fatigue of the 7 kms. tiresome trek. Light yellow & purple colored tents above

 lush green meadow looked lavishing. Youth Hostels has always provided very hospital services. After getting our welcome drink we all cricket gurus started discussing the all time favorite topic.

“Sachin is the God of the Cricket.” Vatsal started sipping his orange squash.

“Is it, then Dada must be God of the off side.” Vinay added.

“Then Laxman must be called God of 4th Innings.” Jay jumped in between.

“Then what about Dravid guys?” Vatsal who started the gossip asked.

“God is also there when all the doors of the temple are closed.” Mayank entered the group discussion with usual charming smile on his face.

I was on silent mode amongst all of them. Thinking and sipping my orange squash.

“Hey you are looking so much off color, wass the issue?” Vatsal asked me.

“Don’t you know, Dhimahi has snatched all the colors of Mr.Krishiv.” Vinay immediately solved Vatsal’s querry.

I didn’t even bother to reply them, kept on enjoying my thoughts with squash. After finishing our dinner late that evening, Mayank came to me.

“Quite a chilly atmosphere na, perfect for our night party today. What says?” He asked.

“Yehhhh, also ask Vinay, Vatsal & Jay if they wanna join.” I coldly replied.

Mayank took the honors to make the first peg of wine for all five of us. It was just the perfect atmosphere to have a wine party sitting in front of fire with chilly breeze creeping around. After five pegs we all were almost down.

“Do you know Mikda, Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don’t have it. “ I said banging my plastic glass on the nearby rock.

“Oyeeeeee Lover boy, chadh gayi hai tujhe.” Mayank said patting my shoulder.

“Why don’t you tell her that you actually like her.” Jay passed word of advice with the plate of Masala Kaju.

“Coz, I am afraid of No. I am getting indecisive” I said dumping 2-3 kajus at a time in my mouth.

“Don’t be so much pessimistic yaar.” Vatsal said.

“There are only two options with you Krish look, either tell her or don’t tell and you ill forget her once you go back to Ahmedabad and start your hectic studies.” Mayank finally entered the conversation.

“Mikda, I really like her, I can’t forget her.” I almost begged.

“Then tell her na, wass the issue?” Jay said getting impatient.

“Issue..?? She is 2 years elder to me and quite mature too. She has the best eyes in this world and when she speaks she sounds like…..” I got bit romantic.

“Oyee Romeo, stop this nonsense.” Mayank ordered to stop me.

“I am trying to explain you what I feel, and you think its nonsense right?” I got annoyed.

“By the way is she really mature?” Vinay asked with a glare.

“Yes she is damnn mature.” I said proudly.

“Then it’s better for you to forget her, she will never even think about you.” All four of them laughed on Vinay’s joke. I was fuming like a Railway engine on this.

“Ok guys enough of fun, I have a solution.” Mayank said and every eye followed him.

“Really, what is that?” I asked with thousand rays of hope in my eyes. When someone is in trouble he will listen to any damm rubbish.

“Ask first about her family background, then ask her does she have boyfriend or not.” Mayank said.

“Hmmmm..then what?” I was getting more & more interested in his solution.

“So when she says no, you can go ahead and say her confidently knowing you are the only person in the Dhimahi battle field.”

“But what if she says she has one, I want her at any cost yar.”

“Don’t worry I also have solution for that.” All ten eyes were looking at Mayank now.

“If she says yes, then get close to her, make an intense eye contact and then ask her with heavy & responsible voice.” Mayank paused to think.

“What to ask don’t cut the link yaar.” Jay went curious than actual victim of the joke that was me.

“Calm down idiot.”He scolded him & continued “Even if you have a boyfriend, would you ever think about me or not? Would there be any chance to open an account into your Bank?”He literally acted how I should tell her, holding my arms

 with his hands.

After taking a long pause I asked, “What if after this she starts thinking?”

He released me from his hands and told loudly, “Kiss her when she starts thinking.” All started laughing except me.

I got upset, “This is joke to you guys right, damnnnn go to hell all of you.” I left from there immediately.

Next day, we started to walk towards Nagaru, our top camp. Just at the start Dhimahi twisted her ankle. So I decided to be with her to help her and obviously I wanted to avoid Mayank and all present yesterday night so as to make them feel how bad I felt about it. In the way we all decided to take the lunch on the river side. I was trying to find out the ways regarding how to tell Dhimahi. While talking to her I saw Mayank washing his Lunch Box, he also looked at me and gave me a flying kiss. I remembered yesterday’s joke and shot plenty of bullets from my eyes towards him. After all this we again started walking towards Nagaru.

Nagaru was the top camp of the trek surrounded by snowy mountains at 12,500 ft. above the sea level. Beauty of the camp site was such that it can’t be described in the words. Mayank and all other persons started praising the natural scenery at the camp when Mayank saw me running towards him. He got scared thinking I must be coming to beat him, firstly he made fun of me and then today also he did the same at the lunch time so. I came down running and tightly hugged Mayank.

“Thank you Mikda……….Thank you very very much.” I screamed and started kissing him on his cheeks, first right & then left.

He got irritated by it, pushed me away and shouted, “Have you gone nuts? You big buffalo. What the hell are you doing? Have you changed your interest after Dhimahi denied you?”

I stopped saying, “Listen to me, you will also go nuts.”

“Really I think after listening NO from her your mental stability has been affected, go and meet some good Phsyo Doc once we return.” He was still angry.

“Areyyyy listen to me stupid, she said yes.” I was almost shouting.

And there was silence like someone just passed away. So I once again confirmed it after ten seconds or so.

“She really said yes guys, atleast react to karo salo…”

“Really, how?” Vinay asked in disbelief.

I went close to Mayank , he sensed it.

“Stay away from me or else I will throw you in this deep valley of almost 12000 ft.” He said.

After a while I calmed down a bit and started to tell everyone what actually happened.

“Look guys throughout the today’s trek I was trying to tell her about my feeling but every time I tried my lips got sealed. Then at the lunch time I saw Mayank and he gave me a flying kiss, which annoyed me at that time you must be remembering it Mikda. But, later on when I thought I found his yesterday’s idea practical & ……..”

“And what?” Mayank sensed the danger.

“And I implemented it.” I officially declared.

“What?? You stupid fellow, you implemented that idea, tell me you are joking now. Tell me c’mon you moron, speak out.” Mayank was getting furious.

“Calm down Mikda, take two or three deep breaths, inhale… exhale …. inhale … exhale… inhale….exhale…” I said in very dramatic way.

“You just suffer from Insanity..!!” He was still in anger.

“Nehhhh, I enjoy every minute of it.” I replied.

“Calm down Mikda, and you first of tell me how she allowed a buffalo to kiss her and she already had a boyfriend, hadn’t she?” Vinay said.

In between Dhimahi entered the discussion area, she listened to what Vinay said and gave him a look from the corners of her beautiful looking eyes. Vinay felt bit embarrassed.

“Mayank, I wanna talk to you for a while.” She said.

“Who, me…?? Ya tell..!!” Mayank said without even looking at her.

“Not here, can you please come that side.” She ordered it in very polite manner.

Mayank was left with no choice. While going he looked back at me and I gave flying kiss to him.

“Accounts settled…!” I said.

“So, it was your idea, right?” She asked Mayank who was already very nervous.

“I was……. I was just trying to……” Mayank was getting short of words probably for the first time in his life.

“Yes speak out, yunhhh to bahut chatr patar karte rehte ho.!” She said with artificial anger on her face.

“It was just a joke; I never knew he will implement it. He is so stupid.” Mayank said all at a one go.

“Stupid, yes that is what he is. But, what if I say this to our camp leader?” She continued artificial anger.

“Yes I will be immediately sent back to Base Camp & I won’t get the certificate for the trek.”

“Oh wowww…….!! You already know it, great…” After these words she could not control and burst into laugh.

Mayank felt relieved seeing her smiling. “I am sorry”. He said.

“It’s ok, but I ill take the revenge some day.” She said with a gorgeous smile on her face going back to her tent.

“And she did take her revenge by fixing me with your sister-in-law.” Mayank’s smiling voice suddenly brought me back in the present.

And once again terrace was filled with the smiles.

“It’s 2.00 already; don’t you have to go to office tomorrow?” Dhimahi said entering the terrace.

“And you Mayank, you also ill have to go to office na, don’t you guys have any other business.” She said pointing at Vodka bottle.

“We are busy with our business only.” Mayank said raising his glass.

Dhimahi just managed a glare at him before turning around to go back downstairs.

I immediately stood up and followed her, waving bye to Mayank, “Good night Mikda.” I said.

“I am really sorry darling, there is too much pressure of work in the office and I just took all the frustration on you.” I said making eye contact with her.

“Unfortunate part is you need 3 pegs of vodka to realize it.” She said.

“I am really sorry na honey, will be back home early tomorrow for sure.” I tried to convince her.

“Are you really sorry, then prove it.” She said with mischief in her ever beautiful eyes.

“How.?” I knew something weird was coming my way .

“Buy me a new diamond necklace na, there is discount at Tanishque.” She revealed the fact.

“Who said I am sorry.” I immediately said.

“Has anybody told you yet, you suffer from insanity.” She said patting my left cheek.

“Nehhhhhh, I enjoy every minute of it.” I said hugging her tightly.

__END__

