Short Story – Why did she put me in the FrieNdZoNe ??

Photo credit: 

 from 

Me, Myself Mathew is studying in an engineering college.That day night I was disturbed by my friend Rohit’s call. Only thing he had to ask was “why did she put me in the friendzone “. Rohit was one of my best friend, I had known him for past 6 years. one month back he FELL IN LOVE (thats what he is saying) with a girl named Minu. Even though i dont know Minu very well, I knew that she was not a bad girl . Well, speaking about Minu she is conventionally attractive and VERY VERY cute!! Today he proposed her and got rejected and the answer was usual …”YOU WERE JUST MY FRIEND !!”.

When i began to think harder 3 different versions of Me began to take form in my head. It was beginning to look like they were having the discussion about Rohit’s problem. I began to listen to what they say

Mathew1- Friendship…

 It’ll last.

No matter how close you (you+friend(s)) are,

 No matter how many good/bad experiences you have shared together,

 No matter how long you have been together,

 No matter what the story behind your friendship is,

 It’s just another kind of a bond.

Mathew2-

Have you gone nuts??what crap are you saying?Do you know why Rohit turned out to be just a friend and not bf Because he is  acting like a friend, and not a bf.

So yes, be friendly, but flirt. Get some sexual tension going. Make a move! Stop being a woosy, and man up. Ask the girl out, make it clear it’s a date.

Men set a goal, then do the work to make that goal a reality. So if you want a gf, then act like a bf, and not a friend.

Mathew3-

What are you saying man? The chances of going from friendship to relationship zone are 2 to 20%.

does it happen?sure

where does it happen?In movies

You need to think about this deeply. Where do you learn to handle women? Where do you learn how to get attractive women? Where do you learn about romance? About dating? About the men/women dynamic?

from movies off course

They tell you to conquer your woman. They tell you to be friends with her the entire time, to run after a cab to yell: I knew you were the one all along!!

Most probably your strategy is gonna be

“you are friends with her.you know that she is in love with an another guy who is bad.you will make her realize she is with the wrong one.after that she will say you are my prince charming”

dear friends sorry to say, that’s never gonna happen.

Mostly when you try to pursue a women. She feels like she is the princess in the tower and you are the shepherd boy standing below . what she thinks now is that you now need a ladder to reach princess.This is where the problem starts, she thinks we are below her level and we are trying to gain her attention by running around her .Which actually is the reality. so what i think is dont be eager and just stay as friends , wait for the movement when she says

“WELL OFF COURSE I EXPECT YOU TO DATE ME.WHAT WERE YOU THINKING WHEN I SPENT TIME TALKING WITH YOU,HANGING OUT ON WEEKENDS AND LISTENING TO YOUR OPTIONS,JUST BECAUSE WE ARE FRIENDS???”

and if this movement doesn’t come just think that SHE IS JUST THAT NOT IN TO YOU.

 I don’t know what happened in my mind. But I think now i have the answer to rohit’s question :)

__END__

