Love Short Story – Rag Anurag: Music is language of love

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Tick Tick Tick Tick!!!

Her alarm was ringing ,she woke up with a smile though it was weekend. She was excited for this day from last week. She went to kitchen and prepared break fast for her MIL  and hubby. Both of them were sleeping. She left a note on breakfast table and left for Sashwat music club immediately.

She was always fond of music .She had done alankar in music along with her M.Sc. .But as soon as she started working as lecturer in college ,she got married with  Dr.Abhimanyu . Neither her husband nor her mother in law liked classical music. She also got busy with work and home , so she forgot about music altogether. But last weekend her best friend Neha who came from US reminded her about her passion for music. She also encouraged her and asked her to regain her passion for music . She thought again and again. Next day she searched on net about clubs where she could go and rehearse . Soon she found about sashwat club.

How true Neha was, music really added a zeal to her monotonous life. Some where she was not happy with her life. Abhimanyu was always busy and talked very less. Her mother in law was preoccupied with her work. She always thought about her married life, it was not that great. She had every thing, a good job, educated husband, big house, no loans. But one thing she did not have was her husband’s time and affection. They had no common point of discussion as both of them had different interests.

Every saturday and sunday she went for practice in shashwat club. She used to practice all ragas with harmonium,tanpura and veena. It gave energy to her soul and she was filled with so much positive energy,which helped her to swim through next week. One weekend she went to club, no one was there, she started singing one raga, all of a sudden she heard tabla noise matching with her raga. She sang and waited ,tabla noise came which matched her raga. Slowly she started matching with tabla and soon it became wonderful jugal bandhi. After she stopped singing, she turned to see who was playing tabla. She saw young man in his early 20’s smiling at her. He was wearing crisp white Kurta. His fair face with dimples on cheeks and light brown eyes made him look very cute and good looking. He was quite tall and his long fingers were still on tablas.

She went to him and said ” you play quite well, i really enjoyed jugal bandhi with you”.

He introduced him self as Mohan ,he was an engineer working in government sector. Mohan was just 24,but he was quite mature. Every saturday they started practicing together. She started loving her life again when she used to practice with him, her body became so excited, her eyes became full of emotions and she achieved so much pleasure. A pleasure greater than orgasm gave. Whole atmosphere filled with musical serenity stopped there practice and used to hear there jugal bandhi. Even Mohan had same feeling, he got all happiness in just one hour of there practice. They became close friends and started give programs in classical night.

He used to Say “Anu due to you our programs are successful”

Both of them became good friends. Their joy of being together was reflected in their eyes. Without touching each other, they had touched each strings of their body. There love was so serene ,so passionate.

One day Mohan asked Anu”will you be mine”.

Anu got skeptic, she told him about her husband. Mohan’s face fell. She left club immediately. That night she could not sleep. Next day she thought a lot about her married life and Mohan. She never wanted to betray her husbands trust. But still it was truth she was not not happy with Abhi. She loved Mohan to her core. Mohan loved her self-lessly. He even had sent her message saying he will never force her , but still he will wait for her whole life. Decision had to be taken soon.

She went to home, she was not feeling well. She just fell down while preparing dinner. When she woke up she found her maid along her bed. She said “Dr,Sahab ko time nai tha,yeh davai deke gaye hai”.

That very moment she asked her maid to pack her bag. She was happy in her heart. She has made the decision.

–END–

