[Love Short Story – “Love Story”]

When I was 16 years old, I came to know the power of love and how strong women can love men.

Someday in the morning when I was sleeping my mother called me with a big shout. I did not understand why she was yelling. She said, “The girl who is in neighbor died by committing suicide”. I shocked no word from my mouth. I did not believe that. Whenever I remember her, first I recall her smile in my mind; it was like an innocent child smile. Why it happened like that? Who was responsible?

Few months ago …

I was studying Inter first year. I was at the age, desperately looking for a girl friend. At that time, one having a girl friend was almost impossible in our college. My college was in a rural area, so hardly boys and girls talk with each other.

During that time, a family joined in my neighbor building. It took less time for me to figure out that a young girl studying 9th standard was part of that family. I tried to make a friendship with her. Soon she became a good friend of mine.

We used to meet in the balcony and chat for some time. It was my daily routine to go to balcony in the morning and look for her. After some time, she comes with the smile. It was some specialty in her smile. It was like an innocent child smile. She talks very less. However, she told everything about her family. Her father works in the police department. She was only daughter to them, and they were extremely strict at their home. They do not let her go movie or anywhere with anybody. Her father noticed that she was talking with me. From next day onwards, she stopped coming to balcony. Every day I used to wait for her for some time. If I did not see her then some reason I felt distress.

It happened like that for 15 days. At last to my surprise, she came to the meeting point again. I asked her “what happened why you did not come all these days”. She told me that she had exams. Thus, she could not able to come. During that day, our conversion went on topic “love”. I asked her “Do you in love with anybody?” She looked at me for some time than told with the same smile, “Yes”. I was extremely happy. I was thinking that I was that guy. I asked her again “who was he?” she told me the answer which I did not expect at all. She was in love with a man who was staying in the opposite house. Daily after our conversion, I used go down early, and she used to go after some time, during that time she saw that guy. First few days both communicate with each other through hand signals. After some days, he proposed her through hand signals, and she agreed for that. I listened silently. That was terrible news to me. I did not show my feelings on my face. I know that guy. He was illiterate and he was working in a pon shop and he was 23 years old. I just said all the best and went down.

Days are passing I was trying to talk normally with her by keeping my agony inside. I asked her one day “how strong you love that guy?” The answer that she gave me with that same smile was “I would die for him”. I became silent; I did not know whether that guy also loves her in the same way.

When I was studying at my room that guy called me, he asked me “Do you know that I was in love with that girl”? I said, “yes”. I asked him “Do you marry her”, and he said “Ya! If everything goes as expected”. He gave me a letter and asked me to hand over to her. First I refused, later agreed and I gave it to her. She took it and said “Thank you “with the same smile.

From that day onwards, I became a postman. Do not know why I was not able to refuse to do that, might be I admired her a lot. I always want to see her with that smile. That guy took her to film with the help of me. They were sitting beside of me and kissing each other, thinking that I was concentrating on the movie and not observing them. That day I felt like someone squeezing my heart.

I was studying at my house. I heard some noise from her house. Her father was yelling at her, and she was sobbing. In the next day, that guy called me and said “Her father came to know that she went to film with me”, so they have bitten her terribly. I stunned and blindly looking at him. I know how strict their parents. He asked me to give a letter. I felt awful and somehow managed and handover that to her, in return she also gave me a letter. I did not find that guy to deliver it on the day. I thought of knowing what her parents had done to her and thinking that opened the letter and started reading. After reading it, I had realized that how strong women can love men. She mentioned how her father had bitten her with his belt, but because of her love on him, she bared all those things. She cannot live without him. It looks like while writing entire letter she was crying. I could make out her tears on the letter. I finished reading the letter and my eyes filled with tears. She also mentioned that her parents were making arrangements for her marriage. She implored that guy to do something to avoid it. I gave that letter in the next day to him. I wished that man would do something so that she would not get married to someone. Few days past I saw that guy going normally to the shop. I did not see her in all those days.

One time in the morning when I was sleeping, my mother called me with a big shout, and she was moaning. I did not understand why? She said, “The girl who was in neighbor died by committing suicide” I shocked, no word from my mouth. I did not believe that, I ran and went to her house. I was able to hear noise, people were crying than I saw her. She was lying on the ground. Her mother was sobbing on her. Her father was holding his head with his hands and moaned. I felt as she was sleeping quietly. I was not able digest the fact that she died. I recall her words “I would die for him”. She Indeed did it. She died for him; she died because she was not able to go against her parents. She died because nobody understood her love. I was unable to stay there by seeing her like that. I left that place.

After few days, her parents vacated that house. I heard that man was in love with some other girl in the same street. What I could do? Just learnt how strong women can love men, how sensitive women’s love is.

__

__END__

