Love Short Story – An Indelible Imprint

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love, the only emotion that I suppose, can never be defined. It’s not an institution. I knew that I loved her and that’s what mattered.

Things have changed now. What I thought to be the most turbulent period of my journey is gone. They say that your feelings are best unfelt. I never categorized this page of my diary as the despondent section for it has some gleeful memories. This page never had an end.

 My life has sustained only by the virtue of her memories. Not letting these memories go is culpable for my life being simpler with no one in it.

’d choose Srishti.”

 “Why’s that?”

 “Because…she happened to me.”

They say, “never make anyone or anything your life, make it a part of your life”

 I tried to follow this, but having her around always led to an utter fall.

 

“Let’s just go out and cool it off. We’ll have an ice-cream or something.”

 I wanted the rest of the evening to go as planned so I tried to curb what I felt. I couldn’t realize that I was wrong but I didn’t want her to get mad so I decided to forget everything and lessen my rage but…

 “no. I can’t even think of it. The very thought that you think I am betraying you can’t let me be with you. For god’s sakes I was stuck at work.”

 “Look I am sorry. I didn’t mean…” my words were cut short. “Gaurav Gaurav! I think I need a break from you.” My rage had reached its topmost point. I couldn’t come back.

 “Go for it then.”

 I left the place. Having been completely devastated I didn’t know where to go.

I was upstate now. New place, new people and most importantly my new hobbies had changed me completely. The life of a restaurant’s head chef is much difficult than it sounds. The only passion left with me now was to enhance and expand my business many folds.

“This ginger chicken does not have the slightest hint of ginger! What! You think I am a fool?” these words made me leave my kitchen amidst the rush hours. After tasting the chicken I was taken aback for it tasted the same like it should. Only later did it turn out that she was confusing ginger with garlic. That’s how I met her. Our first conversation was an argument over the taste of ginger.

With time the things that we talked about changed and became more stimulating. We had been dating for a couple of weeks now. I mistook my attraction for her as love.

It was time for me to ask her to be my girlfriend so I took her for dinner and planned everything. The things didn’t proceed, as I wanted them to. I couldn’t comprehend from where we both started talking about my past.

“So have you ever been in a relationship?”

 I should have but I didn’t want to lie. I never wanted to touch that dark corner of my heart. “Yes. What about you?”

 “Nah. I never got the time. You see. So who was she?”

 The wall was broken now. My emotions spilled out and I told her the entire story. It was difficult for me but something felt good while I remembered all the times I spent with her be it good or bad or even the worst, which was 3 years back.

 “Hey man! What did Simran say last night?”

 “I didn’t ask her.”

 “Why? Is everything all right?”

 I said after a pause. “I’m not sure about this.”

 “Ok. Answer these questions. Who’s there in your life now? Simran? or Srishti?”

 “Simran”

 “Who do you think loves you?”

 “Simran”

 “And whom do you love?”

This undefined ‘love’ had a huge impact on my life. I wonder how different would it be if it wouldn’t have happened. Eventually the little hope I had was shattered.

 On a busy afternoon, my phone rang.

 “Hello?” Attending that call was not easy for me. There was a heavy pouncing of my heart for those ten seconds. I had to go to Srishti’s place.

 With a lot of courage I finally after standing for ten minutes there rang the bell. Her sister opened the door.

 “Hi, I’m Gaurav. We spoke on the phone yesterday.”

 “Oh yes. Please come in.”

 She made me sit in the living room and went to get some water. The place was deserted. Not even a single thing was I able to cruise through with ease, the memory flashes of that place, her picture on the wall, our love, our fight. I asked her how she tracked me down after so many years.

 “Don’t ask. It was pretty difficult but I had to.”

 “Well, thank you.”

 “All our relatives have gone uphill to complete all the rituals.”

 “Oh.”

 “She left this for you.”

 It was a letter. On the envelope it was written ‘To Gaurav J’. She never got away with her habit of making smiling faces everywhere. I asked her if she said anything but she had just asked her to give me the letter. I finished my glass of water and got up.

 “I’ll take your leave now.”

 “Already?” She was expecting more questions and maybe sympathy.

 “Yes. I have to. This place. It’s a hub of many beautiful memories… which now are just sharp nails piercing right through Me.”

 “You aren’t going to open that?”

 “I will. I will have to. Eventually.”

 I came back to my place. It was drizzling. I went to my balcony.

 I opened the letter. It said- ‘You always used to say, “It’ never too late.” But this time I think I was. Maybe you have moved on. I’m sorry for putting you through this. I love you too.’

It was written on the back of the note that I left for her 3 years back.

 It so happened one day, on a similar evening Srishti asked me if we would be able to sustain our relationship for long. She was worried what would have happened if we’d drift apart. I comforted her and made her understand that it would all be ok. Then she suggested that if at all we would be drifted away and we’d miss each other then we would look up and search for the loneliest start in the sky and just look at it.

 “I just know that when you’d be remembering me, I’ll be doing the same.”

 I walked up to the railing and looked at the loneliest star in the sky. My eyes became watery and eventually as the dark clouds covered that small star I started crying along with the Mother Nature.

 That day my hope was renewed but I could comprehend that love had happened to me a long time ago and it can never come back.

__END__

