Undying Love Story – Across the Silver Lines…

Photo credit: 

 from 

The dust of constellation is the only witness of his last breaths, we humans are too obsessed with life. Everything is inconsequential in front of life, but when we press the self destruct button of life ? Suicide isn’t an easy task , it takes myriads of waves to finally erase the golden words written on the sea shore of this world , which spells “LIFE”…

He is in a brainstorming situation. His body depicts stains of blood, his heart depicts stains of agony. The place isn’t totally uproarious, the sweet voice of the river swallowing the silence. His pain culminates in tears , he is ready to put the ultimate break in the journey of his life…

Room no 126 , Blue Heaven, on the bed, she is lying, like a dried rose, thin and pale who lost all her vigor, she just have a sprinkle of sense, her visionary senses can capture some hazy colors. She is amidst those colors, though the vision isn’t clear but she can feel the presence of her parents, but where is he ? her microcosm, her babu …

She closes her eyes again , through the veins of past memories she captures the glance of the fallen colored leaves of the last spring…

The creamy light of the candle bars illuminated the room. She sauntered, her gait, reminiscent of the description of Venus in ” Aeneid ” (written by Virgil) ,”and by her gait she was revealed to be a true Goddess”. She saw a table lifting a beautifully decorated cake on it, she looked at the cake , darkness wrapped her like a hammock, a few fire flies encircled her, gradually those sparkling flies increased there number…

“Happy Birthday Puchu” ,a virile voice knocked her auditory senses…she turned back with a fruitful shower nourishing her face. From the mist of the darkness came forth a boy, with messy hair, bright eyes…

 she felt those butterflies again…

 “Thank you ,Rahul”, she whispered,

” I wanna say something “, she nodded her head to confirm that she can continue…

” Do I have to take the help of my lips? can’t you read my eyes ?”, his words almost accelerated her to light speed… Though silence had prevailed but her heart was nothing less than a disco drum. In the past two months their camaraderie had crossed the silver line and culminated in something more than friendship, and today they entangled themselves in the silver thread to face the vicissitudes of life…

TRUE LOVE DOESN’T NEED A PROPOSAL IT NEEDS AN ATMOSPHERE…

The sepulchral atmosphere engulfs him, that dark night is still illuminated in his mind. His phone vibrates, he takes out the coruscating electronic device, another text message wrapped with thorns pierces his heart. In the last 24 hours his heart is battered by many souls. In the arms of the trenchant December winds he wants to throw away the breath from his lungs, he closed his eyes, his memory took a leap to the past…

Those beautiful eyes , that even eclipse the Sun, that long hair, as If a fountain of black magic whose onslaught can drown any heart into the main of love…those lips, as if a shower of pink roses…those cheeks resemble the red corals….

She wants to talk, she can see the hazy image of people gathering there, most of them are wearing white lab coats, she is unable to catch any sound. She flips the page of augmentation in the diary of her memory…

Far from the illuminated profile of the city, beside the river, in the veil of darkness, they were cherishing the moment of ecstasy. They had those rendezvous to have some silent hours, SILENT IS THE LOUDEST VOICE OF LOVE…

But their world turned upside down in a heartbeat, someone hit Rahul hard from behind, he fell down, before Tania could sense the mist she found herself amidst two or three strong arms, she tried to shout but something was pushed into her mouth…He tried to get on his feet but two or three hard hits made a complete blackout in front of his eyes…

She was taken to a dilapidated building, their hungry eyes were scanning her like wolves scan their prey …her heart trembled, they peeled her clothes, their hands wandered her body , scratched it, clipped it, she cried, their lips cherished every inch of her skin, she tried to move but their grip was like iron shackles… she cried until their physical assault made her silent…

She was like those stones that are slashed by the waves for ages but they never open their mouth, like those unfortunate trees that become the victim of industrialization but never speak out….she was LIKE THOSE INDIAN WOMEN WHO ARE TAUGHT BY THEIR PARENTS JUST TO GET RAPED…

 she wanted to hinder that brutality but all in vain, in the moonlight, a few shadows started to move in a mysterious way, her moans were circumscribed by the LOUD SILENCE, it never reached a single ear….Her purity was snatched forever…

Rahul is ready to jump for the last time in his life, he closed his eyes…ready to surrender himself in front of the cold arms of death, the ultimate truth of life, WE ARE ALL EVANESCENT …but there’s a huge difference between CHOOSING DEATH BY YOURSELF AND BEING CHOSEN BY DEATH…

 he still remembers that question Tania had asked once ,”would you ever leave me?”

 Rahul sauntered towards death……

She opens her eyes, she can see her mother with wet eyes, holding her hand, she knows there will nobody except her mother. EVERY MOTHER WANTS TO DECORATE MANY CANDLES ON HER PRINCESS’S BIRTHDAY CAKE BUT NEVER WANTS TO SEE THOUSANDS CANDLES BEING LIGHTED UP FOR HER SILENTLY. She knows the words of the society will piece her mother, tear her apart BUT CAN SHE THROW AWAY HER TREASURE THAT SHE ACHIEVED AFTER 9 MONTHS OF BIRTH PANGS ?

Even Rahul is not beside her, her universe is ruined in a few seconds, is he alive , she thought, where is he now, does he still love her ?? the questions washed her like venomous waves.. What if he leaves me, she thought, but is he wrong ? He also has a life , she doesn’t have any rights to decimate his stature in the society… she is raped , how can she marry Rahul and impure his respect ….Her mind flooded with all these thoughts, and what about her father? can he assert all the media speculations ??

She is just an epitomize of a raped woman, an example to HIGHLIGHT THE FRONT PAGE OF NEWSPAPER… Her engagement with Rahul is just one month later …how can she expect Rahul’s family to accept her when her own relatives haven’t turned up to show sympathy for her…she tries to move her hand to wipe her mother’s tears, but she felt as if she doesn’t have a hand…she tries again only to realize that she is paralyzed , she can only speak….she thanks God for not snatching her words so that she can make a final wish…

“I want to die”, she whispered, her words perforce turn the ecstasy that prevailed in the room when she got her sense, she thinks of that line that Rahul once told her ,” I WOULD NEVER LEAVE YOU EVEN IF THE SKY FALLS DOWN ” …….

The door banged opens…a guy enters with blood marks all over his shirt… Tania can speak nothing… she stares unconsciously..

“hug me”, Rahul whispered…

 They always hug each other when they are in problems….

 Her mother broke into tears…” hug me ” he whispers again…Tania tries to lift her hand …she tries hard…somehow pushes her body but she falls again….the doctors were numb as statues….

 Tania pushes her again this time Rahul leaned forward and the two universe collided in each other’s arms…..

THE POWER OF MEDICAL SCIENCE IS LIMITED, THE POWER OF LOVE IS UNLIMITED……

__END__

