Love Story – OMG!!! Wait Is Over

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Love is Possessive and lustful, Anything else is just a civilized relationship between adults with lots of “Must” that covers some needs….”

‘Ego & love which makes a girl’s life both miserable and memorable, while religion and caste join hands together to form a barrier for her love’

Reading Jamu’s diary my tear glands started moistening my eyes. Would a girl engrave a guy in her heart like this just for love. The words in her diary engrossed me and I almost got lost into the lines. She has started writing the diary from April 4, 2015 and that page was covered with tears and it got smudged so I could not read what was written in it. I some how managed to read the lines

Why as she not written the diary before, what would be the reason. I stayed a while thinking who would have send me this diary as the parcel contained no name in it and I started reading the diary as though it belongs to me, I feel like some or the other way I am connected to it. I started reading the diary dated April 18, 2015

“Hey Sachi, having a wish to become a dancer doesn’t make sense if u r not practicing for it.. ”My Guardian shouted at me.

I kept the diary aside and immersed in it …. Started to practice…As I have a Inter competition next week…which will lead me to the next level in my career.

Since this going to happen in state level, I need to fuse al styles, with a quite famous songs to make difference from other competitors.….

Evening wind started to blow….opened the windows and felt the air in me…Guardian gave me my favorite “potato chips and gulab jamun “ to have as I was so hungry…. after my 5-6 hours practice

Finished my snacks by enjoying the ambience… the day ended warmly…. I gave a small jump on my bed to sleep …but there was a diary near my pillow which I was reading earlier…As soon I saw it….my heart cherished to read it and my eyes started to lost into the lines in the diary…

——-

OMG!!! Such a fairy love the girl has in a guy….it won’t happen in all cases…true and deep love she had on him…tears in my eyes….full night I read this story….felt like I need to make it happen…..

But why she sent this to me…. who I am to her???thinking about this…the clock sounds…. .I kept diary in my shelf and started to get ready for my dance class.

On my way usually I used to drink coffee in a hotel,… few days before I met a guy named “jiju” in the hotel, who drink same flavor of coffee which I drink…As guys would easily make friends…we became friends…daily will have our coffee together and will share his experience in his sports class and I will telling about my dance class…..

As usual I met him today…I look bit sad….he questioned me…I don’t want to say it….but I thought he may help me what I want to do….since he is a unique friend of mine, to share things and he will give solutions….

I revealed the story.. which I read in that diary….I may didn’t give the same feel from the diary, but I conveyed them to him…

He was shocked as soon he heard it….but he didn’t show it out…just asked to bring the diary while he come tomorrow…

Next day morning….

We met in same place with diary…I gave him the diary…he promised me that we will solve this problem…and that he need the diary for one day…I believed him….and I gave it….

JIJU’s home…

Jiju kept the diary in his cot and went to take shower….meanwhile his roommate, best friend keerthan who saw that diary and was about to open it.

Jiju shouted: Don’t open it keerthan….

Keerthan : Y?

Jiju: It is something personal which my friend shared about it.

Keerthan.: ok fine…

Jiju asked keerthan: how is your tattoo??

Ya it s fyn,,..vitamin A cream and love on her helped me out….

Jiju: you are having this much love on her…your ego stops you from her…such a stupid you are…I been telling you each time to tell her.. why not hearing my words…cha cha!!! You are baring the pain ….will you be like this in your entire life…???

Keertan: I love her more than she love her…I want her to be happy always, …At a point ,I felt I am hurting her because of my ego and possessiveness… So I left her saying some stupid reasons….

I know she does’nt believe my stupid reasons.. She know me well than others, we have good understanding between us….I never felt like to miss her in my life…I will be with lot of confusions usually, even I was in dilemma when I proposed her…I felt guilty as I spoiled her life….

I don’t want again to go back to her and hurt her by my stupid character…The love we had on each, will never die…will live in her memories always !!!

Jiju: Don’t be stupid keerthan…you might be wit lot of confusions, but now you are clear in your life….you can take your own decision….Its been 2 years, so get off your mind…and tell her…

Keerthan:”might she be engaged with some other guy, for her parents happiness”…if so I should not disturb her….let her be happy..

Jiju, now revealed the secret about the diary to keerthan…keerthan hold the diary in his hand with care.. he read the diary …tears started to roll in his eyes.. his heart filled with pain..he fell on the floor and started to cry..

(jiju as soon he heard the story about that diary, he remembered that his friend was the guy who mentioned in the diary,…so he took the diary to his home to make his friend read it)

Keerthan didn’t sleep whole night,, thinking about her and the days they spent together.. he feels like to hug her so tight and want to kiss her on her forehead that he should not miss her anymore…

Keerthan took Day Off, was feeling with high temperature and headache…He cried whole night, lost his sleep, didn’t had food…..full night he staring at the diary and Jamu’s pictures….

Two years back on this same day,Jamu requested him to stay in chennai for his birthday…but he refused and went to his native on his birthday…but…Jamu took lot of risk.. and planned a cake cut before he leave native for his birthday…..

So made a lovely plan and made it real a week before in keerthan’s brother home with a cake and surprise gift…by thinking Jamu’s caring on him…now his eyes are with tears….

How I make her hurt with such a pain??? Do I did it?? I used to call her a baby… a kid…who smiles always…never want to hurt anybody ….but I hurt her like anything…How she been in such a pain???

Do she love me that much???Thinking about her…his days became live….he realized that he himself spoiled his happiness…thought only money makes him happy…Finally he is out…..he started to love her more than before…but even now he didn’t call her,or reveal that he read that diary….he continuing with his usual texts with her….

Keerthan birthday…as always she wished him at 12clk..but he reacted in the same way as before…she mentioned its been 2 years we met, if you are free can we meet today??? Keerthan said no I have client visit today.. will meet you some other day(as usual with a reason he usually say to avoid her meet)…

Jamu ended the call with a burnt heart…praying to god.. that he should be wished with all he wanted in life….

Afternoon Jamu received a call from a unknown number, she picked up the call …It was a guy, saying that waiting in cafeteria who read your diary and ended the call.

Jamu rushed to cafeteria ..but no one was there…with a disappointed face, she turned back….she started to take stairs to reach cubicle….when she reached a corner of a stairs ..she saw a bag written “For Jamu”…she was questioning herself ,what’s happening around her?…though…she sat on the floor and was opening the bag which is filled with teddy and chocolates…

Suddenly…A voice from her back….”Jamu , My dear love….I made you wait so long…my heart needs you always…but I stopped myself to tell you many times because of my stupid confusions…I never slept a day without thinking about you and our days together….never been a day without seeing your pictures ..I made you so much hurt than anybody done to you….I don’t want to end up with “I am sorry”…..We just start our beautiful days with

Jamu full of tears…bared hell of pain in her….burst out now…hug him very tightly…kissed him …showed how much she missed him these years…he showed the tattoo which he made for her….she hold it with her warm hand.. and beat him saying..

”Stupid !!! why you did this ?? It would be pained a lot.. how you bared it??..…”Keerthan says It doesn’t pain for me…I made you hurt a lot than this pain…Love you dear!!! J

She hugged him with her happy tears….

I know you will come back to me, waited for you love …missed your care so much in my days…but I don’t want to miss you anymore even a minute…You are the best thing that has ever happened in my life next to my parents…I love you keerthan to the core. Saying that she jumped as long as she can and hold his hand tightly  …

Took her down to the building and ask her to book cab..so that we can go out somewhere….she started reacting stupidly with her blushing smile… OMG!!.. as “Love is being stupid together” ..she been staring at her mobile to book cab and walking with him.. Finally his legs stopped and he asked!!!!

How’s this…our new bike…I got it delivered this morning…I want to make you filled with surprise so I didn’t reveal it to you…sit my dear will go out…

Hey!!!! Lovely it is…where will you take me birthday baby?!!!

Will go to temple and will spent time in café coffee day where we started our first outing… in temple, while Jamu praying to god, Keerthan placed kumkum in her forehead which she was eagerly asking him earlier …their eyes filled with love and hearts were bouncing in the air….

As soon they reached café day…they met 2 other guys…jiju & sachi….

A big question mark in sachi face…why she sent the dairy to him…before he asked her …Jamu started, hai sachi. I am Jamu …you may have a question in your mind….I came to know the relationship between you and jiju few days ago, and I guessed that you will share to jiju about it…as jiju is keerthan’s best friend, my diary will reach keerthan…so I sent you the diary…but I felt really sorry disturbing you…!!

Sachi: Hey that’s ok ….Its my pleasure, I wish you both with love filled in your life…..

Their conversation continued…jiju nd keerthan left the beautiful butterflies to fly with their love…

Two lovely hearts met after 2 years went to beach where they both never been together….sat on the sand…she lied in his shoulder holding his hands…seeing the craziness of waves….”two souls dwelling in the same body” Started their life with love ….

Being able to wait is a sign of true love and patience…Anyone can say 

But not everyone can wait and prove it….as their wait….

Finally the wait is over….they planned to get marry and live an awesome life with lots and lots of love they have on each other….

……………….Wait Ends …….. love &Life begins ………………

__END__

