[LOST WITHOUT YOU….- Love Short Story]

LOST WITHOUT YOU....- Love Short Story

You know you’re in love when you can say anything to the person and you know they won’t laugh at you. When you can see their face even when you close your eyes. When you can still feel their arms around you holding you tight even if they’re not there….You can tell you’re in love when you miss them before they are gone. When their voice lingers in your ears. When their presence eases any pain. When their name sends chills down your spine. When they are the only thing you can think about. You know you are in love when you can see all their hopes and dreams and their soul when you look into their eyes…..

“I wanna be the girl that he talks to his friends about, I wanna be the girl that always comes first, I wanna be the girl he never wants to leave alone, I wanna be the girl who’s hand he’s holding, I wanna be the girl he looks at and smiles and then says to his friends, “That’s her, she’s the one.” I heard her say it… she loved someone very truly…. She was just crazy about them. Only to be hurt by them… a heart break… the gal I know is very different from now what I see… I knew her as lovable, really adorable thing who never knew how to hate people or hurt them.. unconditional care without expecting anything in return, so kind, helping…friendly, very childish but neva showed it … anyone who saw her for the first time thought she was shy, reserved, sensitive too girly girly… but the person within was no such thing.. she talked .. But you gotta strain your ears to listen to her…LOL sang beautifully.. Creativity whoa!! Her creations look really good.. She never changed for anyone.. No make up kits…no craze for shoes,dresses,accessories…no dieting business… cause she never really ate..that was the truth She was just herself. being presentable alone mattered to her … neva bothered about looks… she is frank too very frank I should say.. :D she tries to say things in a charming way that people sometimes don’t realize that she is being rude in her way.. Quite amusing to see it… :):D she hates when people judge her, underestimate her.. or even tease her… when people dunno about her ,especially strangers,.. Blast you ?? noooo.. she can never do that.. she can never raise her voice.. even When she is tooooooooooooooooooo angry …she starts crying… but her charming smile… does all the magic.. it flatters everyone… there is sooooo much to say about her… but I don’t find words to do that… she is very interesting only if you get to know her… getting close to her is the hardest thing… you cant just take yourself as her friend.. she is lot choosy… JJ but very good… her selections are always tooooooooo good .. on all basis…

Change was coming. I could feel it. It wasn’t a pleasant prospect, not when life was perfect the way it was. True.. change was coming… one fine day.. she came to college lifeless… no smile no expression nothing… just blank… she didn’t hear any of what I was talking to her or people asking her the ritual questions…what all she did was just stare into the dark space ahead… this kinda became a ritual… few days later or nearly a month later… she did talk but not much… only regarding lab works or college works… I don’t remember her wandering on her own… she hated going alone.. Anywhere for that matter.. lol. But den.. she just used to go off… I always was with her even when she didn’t want me to stay… she was hurt just toooooo hurt to cry…. I told her many times to cry but she never did… just remained with all that pain… I couldn’t stand seeing her going through all that pain but I had no other option… she loved him sooo much that she sometimes made a face when people said that she deserves someone else… better, much better.. he is hurting her a lot… she never allowed me to say a word about him… I dunno many who could love someone so very badly get hurt and still continue to do it without regretting it…

I remember something … during the start of this relationship.. she was soooooooooooooo sooooooooooo obsessed with that fellow that she never spent time with her friends.. nothing mattered to her.. people,friends nothing.. just him… whether he was fine alright.. was his day good … that all mattered.. even then… those were the only things that disturbed her….. she made sure he was alright ….sometimes she msgd… it was like

She: take care…don’t do this that…

 He: —————————–

 A constant no show…….. She knew he wouldn’t reply but still she used to…

“Why is it we always fall for our best friends? Is it because we know we can trust them? Is it because we know them so well? Is it because of the way they know exactly what’s going on in our heads? Or is it because they are there any day, anytime, anywhere without the promise of kisses or whispered sentiments of love? I think we love them because they are there when there is nothing in it for them except for that little glimmer of hope that maybe someday there will be…” once she asked me this…a quote .. She remembered it so well…. yes!! This is a quote…I didn’t know how to answer that… I just said because they know each other sooooo very well ,they trust…so… they just fall for each other…all of us know friendship is the starting relationship for every relation… she trusted him a lot…. When everyone asked her to move on…she kept saying “he will come back someday” .Days passed into months, months into years… one fine day he did.. When she was trying to get back being herself, act normal, when she was trying to get over it, when a new life was blooming…she was just happy… on the seventh cloud…. Only to know that he never missed her … she said me showed me his msgs… she had tears in her eyes…. All I did was pray for her… pray that she should not suffer anymore… Things should become normal… She should become normal….

 “When I look into his eyes, it’s like my whole world is flipped and everything is put into a new perspective. I can do things I never thought I could do. I can say things to him that I thought I would never be able to say to anyone before. It’s like I just want to be with him forever, hold him in my arms, kiss him, and tell him how he’s changed me my life and my everything.” This is how she felt…. For her that someone meant the entire universe… and for them what she meant only God knows…. But he did love her truly… but why he left… He never said her nor did she bother to ask him… she told me once “I don’t care why he left … I just know that he did it only for me, for my good”. I was surprised… that person has hurt her sooo badly yet all she says is he did it for her… I dunno whether to call her lucky or him…. People said he was lucky to have her… But she always gave a questioning look asking “me??” she always said that she was lucky that she had him…

I don’t who you are or where you are from…. But this is what all she wanted to tell you…

 You complete me. Really, you do. You can make me smile even when I’m in my worst mood. It’s only in your arms that I forget all my troubles and I have complete happiness. And you’re the only one who can fill that gap in my heart; the space that has come to know you…that gap can never be replaced by anyone but you….

__END__

