Love Short Story – Decision-final part 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Pranay’s father was at home now. All were happy now. But one person didn’t like closeness of Pranay and Tanu. She was Pranay’s mom. She was very religious lady and she thought Tanu had different religious value due to her different cast. She was not ready to accept her as his son’s love. She was seeing everything. She knew that Tanu truly loved Pranay and would always stay beside Pranay in every situation of life. But religious value was bigger than anyone’s love according to her. She tried to convince Pranay’s father in this matter. Pranay’s father was not as religious but he thought it would be better to find a girl in same cast. Pranay was still unaware of this matter.

Opposite to it, Tanu’s family was ready for this relation. The parents liked the boy and choice of her daughter. The family was liberal and that was ok to allow children to marry as per their choice. Tanu was sharing her feeling with her brother. Her brother never left single chance to tease Tanu by the name of Pranay.

One day, big drama was created in Pranay’s house. Pranay’s parents had found a girl in the same cast. Pranay was surprised. He tried hard to convince the family but they were not ready to hear single word. Pranay was also emotionally blackmailed by his father’s illness. Pranay was helpless. He had to choose from his family and his love. It was tough decision of his life. He could not leave the family because he was only support of his family. He could not leave Tanu as she taught her what love was. It was injustice to her also if he left her alone. Finally after long thinking at that night, Pranay took the decision.

———

Tanu was trying Pranay’s phone from the morning but it was switched off. He did not come to office. Four days were passed out. Tanu was worried now. Anuj also did not know about it. Tanu thought she should go to his house but it was not good to do so.  She decided to wait.

On fifth day, Pranay came to office. Tanu was very angry but due to heavy work load she didn’t get the chance to ask clarification from Pranay. Behavior of Pranay was also different. He didn’t sit beside her during lunch. He was trying to make himself busy with work. Tanu noticed that Pranay was avoiding her.

“What the hell? Can you tell me where you were for the four days? I was worried. At least you should pick up the phone. You should answer me now.” Tanu was angry now.

“I was busy in personal work.” Pranay replied.

“What work? What are you talking about?”

“ I got engaged.” Pranay told.

“You are doing some joke. na?” Tanu confirmed.

“No, Tanu. I am not joking. Listen to me, I got engaged as per my parents’ choice. I told you before that  it would create problem in future. I tried to convince my parents but they had not listened anything. Now you can understand.” Pranay was also angry.

“How can you take such a big decision without telling me?” Tanu asked.

“What should I ask? What should I tell?  I always have troubles and pain in my life. I always try to do good for my family but they never take care what I want. This time also I was defeated by them. But it is not big deal, is it?”

“Not a big deal? Engagement with other girl is not a big deal for you. What was I in your life then? What will you do if I did that? Reply me.” Tanu was shouting.

“ I will understand you.” Pranay tried to save himself.

Tanu had big shock. She could not speak a word. The tears were coming out of her eyes. She was very angry and told Pranay many things. She was helpless. She argued. She tried her hard to convince Pranay but all was in vain. Pranay was also crying and explained her that he could not do anything now. The love of two people was ended here.

Pranay accepted that things slowly but Tanu who was very sensitive was not ready to accept it. It was hard for her seeing Pranay daily in office. Pranay was behaving like a stranger. All this things were giving pain to her. The story of both was known to all in office. Tanu felt that colleagues were showing her with pity.

Tanu was changed now. She didn’t laugh. She didn’t speak to anyone. She became thinner. She had circles under her eyes due to sleepless night. She was crying for hours. She was annoying on everyone. She didn’t like the home, the office or anything. She was continuously doing mistakes in work. It was tough for her to concentrate. Anuj was beside her. He could not see Tanu’s situation. He was angry on Pranay but there was no meaning to tell him anything. He took the decision and he knew that his friend never changed his decision. But Tanu urged Prany frequently to do so. Actually now she was begging for love.

“I want to die.” One day Tanu told Anuj.

Anuj saw Tanu with anger.

“Are you mad? What are you doing? I am seeing you. You are behaving like loser.”

 “Yes, I am loser. I lost him. I lost my love and couldn’t do anything. My all dreams are broken. You can’t understand that because you never love anyone. “Tanu spoke famous dialogue of lovers.

“ I can understand. I understand dear. But life is never ended like this. I know you are depressed but you have to come out of it. See Pranay. He also loved you but he is not behaving like you. It was also tough phase for him. But he was moving on. You also should move on.”

“I will leave the job. I will leave the city. I will leave the world.”

 “ Stop that rubbish. Think about your career, your CA degree, your hard work to get this job. Think about your parents. You have to start again. Prove yourself that you are winner. If Pranay want to go, let him go. Life can’t end on one Pranay. See your face in mirror. Where is our Tanu? What did you do with yourself? You can’t love anyone because you don’t love yourself. He made decision now you have to decide to move on or wait for him whole life “

Tanu was awaked now. Tanu hugged Anuj. She cried and Anuj let her cry. She felt relieved.

“You are right. I was begging for love. If he was mine, he would never go. I will move on. I will try my best.” Tanu felt some confidence inside.

Days were passing and Tanu became stronger. She had started a new life. She started to work with concentration and interest. She got promotion in office as head of Accounting. Anuj was shifted to Finance. Tanu was not with Pranay but she was with herself. Her office colleagues were also supporting her. Pranay was happy for her that his love was strong. He could not give that love to her what she deserved but he always prayed that someone would give her that love. He many times cried for her but he never relieved to Tanu that he still loved her. Time heals all wounds. Pranay and Tanu was again become friends. Tanu had no problem with it but there was no closeness like before.

———-

Two years passed out.

“Where are you? You are late as usual.” Tanu told.

“ Arey! Jhalli! I am coming.” Pranay replied Tanu on phone.

Tanu was ready in pink sari. She wore diamond necklace with golden bangles. She kept open her hair. Her soft lips shined with pink lipstick. Her white face glowed more today. After all she was waiting for someone special at her home. She was waiting for her love-ANUJ.

Yes, it was engagement of Tanu and Anuj. Life took a big turn and made Tanu and Anuj closer. Anuj won Tanu’s heart by sharing her pain. Before a week, Anuj proposed Tanu. Tanu wanted to reject his proposal but her brother convinced her to accept it and accept second chance of life and after long thinking, she said yes. Thanks to god. There was no drama this time between family and parents accepted the relation of both.

Engagement ceremony started and Tanu and Anuj committed each other by exchanging rings. Pranay came with his wife in the ceremony. They congratulated the couple. Finally, photographer clicked the photograph of both the couples with smile on their faces.

Happy Ending..

 __END__

