Love Story – Lovely Bone

Photo credit: 

 from 

The selection for heroine is going on. There are more than hundred girls in the interview. More than seventy girls are interviewed and there are less than thirty or thirty five are left.

“Don’t break your neck looking at the girls like this. She is Fidda and She is beautiful.”

“No. Not.”

“Really you mean to say that? I think that she is really beautiful.”

“Look with my eyes and you can judge who is beautiful and who is not.”

Ben is the director of the new film and they are selecting a new heroine for the film they are going to make.

Eve is Ben’s girl friend. She is dating with Ben. She knows what Ben likes much and what not. When Ben has rejected what she proposed, she is hurt.

“Her name is Fidda. I know, she will be your next heroine and also your next girl in your bed.”

Eve’s words are like sharp pins to fierce in Ben’s heart.

“You are hurting me.”

“I did. You don’t stop looking at girls. You want more and more. The lovely bones in the city are not enough and some more are getting ready but they need some more years to become ready to dance before your eyes.”

Eve said and stood up. Went out of the room where they are selecting the new girls for next film.

“Eve, wait. I am also coming.” Ben also stood and followed her.

The interview is postponed for next day. The twenty more waiting girls are un happy and they are thinking this interview is killing them. They can’t help it, so they went to make their arrangements for one more day.

Ben is really very much interested in Fidda. He just said with Eve that she is not that much beautiful, but he really wants her work for his next film. He wonders that how Eve is capable of reading his mind. He asked his assistants to continue the remaining interview next day and select Fidda finally.

Ben’s No.1 assistant is Adam. He thought that Fidda is No.1 for this selection and he appreciated his master’s good taste in selecting her.

Eve came and sat in the car. Ben also came after her and sat in driving seat. He knows that Eve is angry. She is also very much tired like him in the selection. Ben has interest in looking lovely bones and Eve is not Ben to be that much interested in looking the lovely girls. Man’s eyes are different while he is looks at the girls and girls are more beautiful for man’s eyes only, not for woman’s eyes.

Ben reached home. Eve went for a shower. When she returned shower, ben also got ready. They sat on the dining table. They are taking brandy. Eve is quiet unlike her nature. Ben is also quiet for some time, though he is also naturally not quiet while drinking.

“So”

“What So?”

“Eve, you know that we both are tired today.”

“Don’t say that. We both is a wrong term. It is only me tired very much. You are not tired, you are refreshed and had sweet dreams about the girls you liked in them.”

“It is inhuman to say like that. Eve, I am doing my duty as a director to select the right girl.”

“That is secondary. The primary thing is to select the girl you like and also the girl who lookes you in return to be with you. This is the fact.”

“Why you think like that. It is rude and not true.”

“Why not, It is the true, I know this is the truth, a truth.”

Ben was angry. He wants to stop her in the speed of her thinking.

“What you finally want to say? Do you think that I am a beggar after every girl of the city to be my love and I love to see every girl as my mating woman?”

“If not  what does this mean? Why you look at every girl you don’t know like she is your own. I saw many times you are looking at every beautiful girl with a sweet smile the looks that you want her.”

“How you can say that?”

“I know your eyes, while you are looking at me first time. These are the looks that attracted me towards you and towards our dating. I know those looks of hunger. You love to have the intimacy with those girls. As You did with me.”

Ben is passing under a very peculiar situation which is very unbearable for him.

“You know, the girls like beautiful flowers in a garden. They are attractive with different colours like the sweet butterflies. Our eyes love to see the beauties of these butterflies. Looking beauty is not a crime. Beauty is joy forever. When I came to this city with no money to dine in a good hotel and stay in a luxurious hotel, the only happiness I had is looking at the moving beauties in the city. I never thought that this beauty will be my own. Those people who look at the beauty of the girls are not bad and not the type you are thinking. We have morals as a human being of the civilized society.”

Ben’s words made Eve feel for a while and she thought that she is mistaking him. She has the time to choose a nice guy as the life partner. In this way, choosing the right voice and sincere tone is not easy.

“I also like to clear your mind that all the girls working in films are not characterless. What you think about these girls working in films is not cent per cent true. To flirt, it is not necessary that the field should be cine field. You may find people like this, I mean like how you think, are everywhere, in every field.”

“I am sorry. I think I have hurt you.” Eve said with apologizing tone.

“No, you did not hurt me. You have searched my inner voice to come out.” Ben said. “I tell you sincerely, Miss Eve… You are my lovely bone.”

_The End_

 

 

 

