Love Short Story – Please Come Back !!!!

Short Story Love – Please Come Back !!!!

The day it started was like a dream to me, I was on the seventh cloud and everything seemed me as if I own it

..FLOWERS seem to me as the GOD’S best creativity and morning give me mark of his presence but now mornings as well as flowers seem to  regular part and parcel of life with eyes full filled with tears to see him around but could not find him…..I have lost him ,,,He is with somebody else and it is all because of me……I should have respected his time and love as well as loved him back……

This all started back in year 2009 when i was in my 11th standard nd went  for an outing with my family to Shimla when I met him ……the most romantic place in this world…..we talked ,laughed ,had fun…..because my father knowed him. After my return to Shimla we get in to the chat and as all he and I also fell into love.

He proposed me and I was on the top of the world…..after 1 year of strong relationships and love..one day my brother read one message on my mobile and told my father about all this….the circumstances worsted when my mother snatched my beloved mobile from me.

We talked twice or thrice on the mobile with my friend’s number. That time family seemed to me as the most evil persons i have ever seen. Soon i passed my 12th and joined college….then I got my mobile back and i was very happy because now i could start a new phrase of my relationship….but now things were not falling in to the places as i wanted…

New College…New Friends….and i was surrounded by the fantasies of the world and I started ignoring him….Did not picked his call….If we talked also it was always starting with the fight and ending with the fight….we never officially broke up but it always seemed  like it has finished …nothing could been done to build up a relationship again like it was…

After 6 months I begin to felt the gap in my life which was created due to his  departure from my life…I ranged him to tell him that i was influenced by the big and fantasy world around me and i am very sorry..I know that he was not a things and what i did was wrong but i was only 17 years …but he said he has moved on …but my life has not moved a inch from that day…

Now he is with someone else….he love someone else….but i believe if the ending is not happy…..it cann’t be end of the story…..Please come back I am standing where you left me….

__END__

