Love Short Story – Dream that never dies

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hey, come on Simran grow up. Don’t always behave like the newly weds or ‘just being bitten by the love-bug ‘couple” Riya said in a dry tone.

Simran and Riya were sitting in the cafe of their office after a highly eventful meeting. Riya was excitedly discussing the outcomes of the meeting with her colleague Simran who happened to be her best friend as well. But she knew very well that Simran was lost with some other issue.

“You know very well that half of our team was desperate to get this opportunity and I still can’t believe that we are the two who’ve been selected for this ten day long special training programme in Singapore” Riya said in a convincing as well as exciting tone.

“In a world where everyone is just a call away and there are all sorts of chatting apps in your pocket, you are stuck with the issue of not being here in Mumbai with Param on his birthday” Riya tried to cheer up her friend. “It is only ten days” she stressed

“And those ten days include Param’s birthday as well” at last Simran answered in a sad voice.

“It is seventeen years that you’ve been celebrating his birthday with Param and I truly wish hundred more such years for you. So how far one birthday matters? And you people will be in contact on the internet and phone” Riya was still trying to change Simran’s mood.

“Come on’ Simran you people have been married for twelve years now and before that you were in a relation for five years. How can you be still so excited about such silly things after seventeen years?” Riya was almost irritated by now.

Driving home Simran was smiling on Riya’s thoughts “Does time fades away everything”?

She certainly feels the same excitement in their relation even today and the bond has grown even stronger in all these years.

She still can’t help herself writing his name whenever she has a pen and paper. For her love is skipping a heartbeat every time Param looks at her with the undying love floating in his eyes and blushing pink on mention of some special moments. She still feels an electric wave running through her nerves on even the slightest touch of him.

Today also she gets restless on not receiving his call on the committed time as she used to stroll around the phone set and staring the wall clock waiting for Param’s call as a teenager.

For her love is getting lost into his eyes for hours together, talking anything and everything with him under the sun, cooking for him and experimenting on him, arguing with him on petty issues, watching TV while cuddled on the couch with him, holding hands and sharing pop-corns while watching their favourite movie in the hall. Going on long drives and playing their favourite music, resting her head on Parm’s shoulders and recalling their college time, planning surprises for him on his birthdays and other special days.

Loving to be simply with him.

Love to her is warming hands in his pockets and relishing her most special nickname solely given by her beloved. And love is just texting him “Love you” without any reason at any moment of the day.

Love is asking for his comments on coming out of the try-room and rejecting even the most wonderful outfit when Param says “Not so good”. Love is to ‘shop-till-drop’ in his company. Every time she wears a new dress she waits to hear “Looking extremely beautiful in this dress” from him, with an adoring and mischievous smile on his face. She feels as the most beautiful woman of the world when Param in his most loving ways praises her for her looks.

Watching her son, make her fall in love with Param again and again…

She heard a shrill and an unpleasant sound reaching her ears. Simran was trying to make out its source. Again the same sound. Her eyes were open now! Her head was bent over her diary and she was curled up in her chair. Shockingly she looked at her wrist watch- 1.45 pm, 6

 August 2013, it is Param’s birthday today!

The same sound once more.

“Oh! Arjun has come” realizing she quickly got up from her chair, rubbed her eyes, tied her hair and rushed to open the front door.

“Mommy I’m ringing for last five minutes, it is so hot out there. Where were you?” complained the ten years old.

“I’m really sorry darling, come-in fast I’ve brought your favourite ice-cream” said Simran taking his school bag from Arjun.

“O Mommy you are the best!” sweaty Arjun clung to his mother and got a soft kiss on his forehead.

“Mommy postman just handed over this envelope to me, I think it is an important letter for Mr. Anand Sharma” Arjun gave the envelope to Simran with a naughty smile.

“Arjun you know I really don’t like you addressing your father like this” Simran unsuccessfully tried to sound stern.

“It is an invitation for me and your dad for your annual-day at school” she kept the envelope on the dinning table and poured chocolate ice-cream in the bowl for her son.

While Arjun was enjoying his ice-cream on dinning table simultaneously watching Ben10, Simran was blankly looking at the words written in red-ink over the light blue coloured envelope “To-Mrs. and Mr. Anand Sharma”.

She picked up a pen lying on the table and sought to write Param, Param…on a slip lying nearby but she closed her eyes for a minute and then putting the pen down she got up from the chair “Arjun only fifteen minutes more and then we are taking our lunch, my boy” she said in a soft voice moving towards the kitchen.

__END__

