The start of it all

In the beginning, before anything between me and her happened, it all started with plans from me and my team. During that time and all the planning, were decided the heist we were pulling was from a jewelry store located in a mall. Out of complete and utter randomness, it happened to be the one mall she was working at but also the store she was assigned to that day.

 It was a typical Wednesday for everyone or so it seemed. When we strolled up to the store I was put in charge of security i.e her. It wasn’t going to be hard I merely thought to myself. There was her and two others when I took my position. One of them I happened to find out later was her ex-girlfriend, which is kinda ironic to think bout since working with your ex is usually hard. But instantly without thinking, I moved just right so the one male guard that was working with them sees and recognizes what we’re doing. It causes him to try to stop us but with the training, we all have I know isn’t gonna happen. He approaches us and as he does I step out from my spot causing him to get distracted and come for me. We ensure in a fight where instinctively I fend him off killing him. As he falls I quickly catch him placing him on the floor to make him seem alive, or well to whatever point a dead body would seem alive.

 The guys I was with looked at me for the signal and then go over to the case holding some of the merchandise while I looked for the other two guards. There was one guy in the case when one of the other guards heard the commotion. She was short with a round face, light green eyes and long blonde hair, it looked like something you’d never see as a guard. I started to chuckle as I slowly pull the knife off the strap on my leg with the sound of her heavy steps. She grabs my shoulders and I adjust the knife turning around swinging it at her.

 “Damn I just missed,” I said to myself as an I saw a small cut from on her cheek. She pushed herself off me grabbing her cheek seeing the blood on her hand, she yelled at the other officer.

The sight that changed my mind

The other officer was tall with soft hazel eyes that changed color in the light. She was slender with an athletic build to her and her soft red hair just touched her shoulders. She was beautiful and mesmerizing, but I knew I had a job to hold up. She took caution moving towards me seeing what I had just done to one of her partners.

 The woman in front of me draws out her gun and aims for my chest. She’s shaking terribly I could see it had to be her first day on the job. I smiled at her and moved closer slowly. I reached out to grab the gun and push her back into the wall disarming her when the woman I now love steps into the picture.

 I had a smile on my face and in my head, I thought “This’ll be fun. Two women against me? Hell, I’d be a shoe-in to beat them and get this job done fast.” My love steps forwards as I throw the gun to the guy I had at the case, he catches it as I swing at her. She ducts sweeping her leg underneath me dropping me to the floor. She jumps back up pretty damn quickly ready for the fight. She signals to her partner to check the other guy and call for back up on the radio while she handled me. I quickly threw myself off the floor landing on my feet looking at them both.

 “He’s dead so both of you might as well try to get this knife from me, that is if you can,” I said smirking at them both.

 I could see by the way my newly found love interest was looking at me and my movement that something was distracting her and I knew I could have some fun with this. Both of them made many advancements or attempts at advancements on me while I was much faster and swifter now on my guard. I was able to cut them here and there.

 Her partner wasn’t fast and could realize that someone was wrong. She tried speaking to her without moving closer to me.

 “Hey, what’s got into you? Just take him down” the partner yelled out as I knocked her down.

 Then she looked at me as if she was frozen in time. I knew I needed to slow her down a little more so then she was already. I stood in front of her noticing her hazel eyes that looked almost gray in the dull lighting and then remembered I forgot a shirt under my jacket so slowly I undid my jacket making slow movements. Her partner started getting up and I threw my jacket down on her.

 My love stood there right in front of me frozen like a statue next to the hideous creature, or at least that’s what I thought, for a partner. You can hear the backup coming up to the store her partner ran out to get them and bring them in as I moved closer to her. There were more footsteps heard and I pulled my knife back close to me.

 “Shit” I mumbled.

Time to Bolt

We both started looking around for our boss’. Her backup started to take down my group slowly. The guys grabbed what they could and got out running and distracting all the guards around me. I figured then and there it was better to leave them and go for the others. She stepped back slowly almost hiding as I went and started to fight the rest of the guards. My boss and hers started yelling for us to stop.

 Then her boss looked at me and mine started to walk over to her. I stopped him and looked back at her and the scene around us.

 “Sir, I gotta vanish fast and so do the rest of us,” I said while he nodded to me and I was gone.

 Somehow she saw me leave and was walking just as fast as I was. Slowly I caught her pulling out her phone as I walked over to get my stuff really fast. There she was red hair in a slight mess and those hazel eyes filled with fear. Her phone was in my hands with a new contact slot open. I could see her trying to ask for my name very quick so I entered my information into the phone and threw it back to her before throwing my jacket on. She turns to check out everything and I couldn’t help as I walked by but feel how the ass she had on her really felt as I disappeared. I mean literally I’m a guy I couldn’t help it plus she seemed almost as good as a fight as I am.

The ignorance

I left that place with her on my mind and I couldn’t figure out why. I sat around on the faded red couch we picked up off the side of the road and actually wondered what she was left doing while also trying to figure out why the hell she was even on my mind.

 Soon as the day passed from the heist something didn’t seem right. I mean most of us never get caught but this time we had. Other members that had vanished like me showed up and all of us that were left had regrouped.

 As I happened to walk in that night, after waking up on the old comfy couch this morning hearing my boss, Rick screaming. He went off bout how we all fucked up royally but the blame, well that was all on me. As I heard that rant I walked in the room casually like I always do and with her still on my mind. Rick had also started on about how the others got arrested which I personally didn’t care for. As I sat down, well more of just fell down on the couch he snapped at me.

 “You shouldn’t have killed the damn guard” he yelled towards me.

 I rolled my eyes turning to him and said “He was pulling out his gun. What the hell would you have liked me to do get shot?”

 Rick kept on going though. Finally, he said at the end if the rant or so I thought it was the end “We would have been fine. This is all on you Leon. It’s your fault!”

 I sat there trying to ignore him but his ignorant ass of a mind told him to keep going. He kept taking steps closer to me and got into my face looking me in my eyes. The only thing I could smell at this point was his tobacco filled breath, which we all so pleasantly loved.

 I got tired of him and grabbed his head. With one swift move, I bounced it off the solid cedar table in the middle of the room letting go of his head as it hit the table. His head had bounced off the table and with his body landed on our cement flooring. He just laid there holding his head and I just looked down at him with a smirk on my face.

 “Are you done yet?” I asked, shifting my position.

 He got up a little slower than I had originally imagined he would. Before he could mutter a word at me I just glared at him.

 “This isn’t on me. It’s your fault. You took to damn long and drew the f*

ard wasn’t a god damn factor. If you would’ve f***ing handled the back-up, we wouldn’t be in this mess” I screamed at him now and the whole room was quiet.

“Do me a favor, Rick. Sit the f**k down and shut the hell up” I said looking into his eyes.

 For once Rick had done what I said, which was a miracle. He sat down in front of me holding his head, obviously from where it hit the table. His cousin Garret had come in and sat down next to him handing him a bag of ice.

 “What do we do Leon? You’re second in command after all” Garret asked looking at me.

 “Do we need a plan” he continues.

 I looked up from the table and at the possibly worst moment in time my phone started going off. It was her, but I knew in my line of work I just couldn’t be bothered. I turned the volume off and just walked out the door, pissed off and unsure of where I was supposed to go and do next.

Have things changed?

–END–

