Love Short Story – BETRAYER(S)

Photo credit: 

 from 

I reached Prem’s home, I was meeting him after a year, I rang his doorbell, after 3 minutes Prem opened the door, for an instance I thought he is somebody else because he was bald,weak and sick.

“Dude what’s wrong with you?” I asked him.

“Come inside first” Prem welcomed me and shut the door.

I examined his home, it was completely different, he had a shelf full of alcohol bottles they were replaced by books, totally his home had got a decent look, before I could ask him something he went inside the kitchen to bring something and I sat down on sofa and found our farewell party album on the table, I took a look at it, It had photos of Prem dancing with different girls and a photo caught my eye it was of Prem hugging Neeta… My memory rolled back to those days after seeing that.

The photo was not like other ones, yes it was not usual, I could see in the photo Neeta hesitated to hug him, well I could guess she was shy and none of Prem’s girlfriends were shy, they were all bold, it was a strange thing, no shy girl dared to become his girlfriend, I checked few more photos, in all photos she didn’t seem comfort, Prem returned from the kitchen with two bowls of noodles and two glasses of orange juice, I was holding the album in one hand and a letter (actually a printout of an email) in another, so I made a delay in taking them he took the letter and put the glass in my hand, I felt little bit awkward even though I had brought the letter to show him.

“What is so important in this letter that you even didn’t even put it down” Prem said sipping the juice.

Before I open my mouth my eyes showed their magic and dropped tear on waterproof cover page of the album, the album seemed to tell me ‘there are waterproof books but not tear proof cheeks’

Noticing me crying Prem didn’t say anything and started to read it silently…

 

Dearest Anand,

I have seen several movies in which a girl and a boy love each other but the world don’t like to see them together, right from their parents to saints, from relatives to enemies everyone try to separate them but facing all the odds finally their love wins and the story ends, I always loved those stories and wanted to live such a life, but I don’t know whether the movies are exaggeration or the reality sucks I can’t be in a relationship with you anymore and the reason is not what you think it’s something else:

few days before I recieved a call intimating my dad has got a stroke and is in hospital, when I rushed to the hospital I found my dad’s health condition worse and he was on his deathbed taking his last breaths and then he told me something, his and mom’s marriage was intercaste love marriage, their family became their enemies after their marriage and after my birth my mom fell ill and nobody from her family came to visit her and with that pain she died. Because of this he took a promise from me that is not to do such mistakes in my life and always to take the decisions which make your future happier not the present. To keep the promise I had given to him I am ending our relationship.

The betrayer,

ANAMIKA

 

“What the heck dude? Were Priya and Anamika same?” he was more shocked because of this fact than Priya’s separation from me.

“Ya, Priya and I were not from the same caste, she was Christian,  she might have left me thinking the same will happen in our case” I said taking back the letter.

“How could she think like that yaar! And I think her father didn’t mean that”

“Ya, I know but fear and cruel past might have forced her to understand like that, Your theory was true ‘love is a game’ and a game should end, see how mine ended” I said keeping the empty glass on the table meanwhile someone entered the home, it didn’t take more time to figure out who was she, she was Neeta, it was my turn to get shocked, so many questions stroke my head and Prem understood them and brought an envelope…

He took some medical reports from the envelope and handed them to me, I examined them even though I couldn’t understand much of the medical terms I clearly understood that he had Fatal Familial Insomnia I asked him about the disease.

“It’s sleeping disability dude, which causes the patient to lose his sleep hour by hour and to finally attain sleeplessness” Prem said in a serious voice.

“Bro you really scared me to the hell, I thought it’s some deadly STD like AIDS or even worse” I laughed at my own poor joke.

Prem and Neeta were still serious and Prem continued “It’s even worse friend, it has no cure, no treatment… few months ago my company went into crisis and I was not able to save it hence  it finally closed and I was left with very little money to live with and all my so called girlfriends left me, some including my ex’s helped with little money not more I spent on them for a dinner, but Neeta didn’t leave me, that’s when I started to believe in love but it’s too late I have only 8 months to live or even less, my condition is getting worse, doctors have told I will lose my mental stability very soon, but she is not gonna leave me” he told the last phrase holding her hand.

I wiped my tears and went outside since I was not able to handle the situation… I was driving back to my home, I had made a firm decision to leave my job and to move to a far place, where her memories won’t trouble me, I knew it was not the solution but it was the least I could do.

The next day I was going to the city to give my resignation letter while I was stuck in the traffic in my town I saw a woman running randomly across the road checking every vehicle, when she came closer to my vehicle I saw her clearly, she was the same women whom I had given money to feed her child on that party night, I got some curiosity hence parked my car near that bar where she had bought the drink from and asked the bartender about her strange behaviour, what he told was another shock,  that women actually loved her child and some people from orphanage took the kid away in a vehicle, since that day she was gone mad and she started checking every vehicle hoping she will get her son back.

That day had shown me lot of facts and philosophy of life, how we setup our own theories in our life based on our life experiences and believe that it is universal truth while truth strikes disproving our theories and teaching us how foolish we are to make judgements… at first I believed in the existence of true love while Prem didn’t but when Priya left me I lost the faith in love and when Neeta held Prem’s hand at his worst he gained his faith in love and this beggar woman’s incidence all had brought chaos in my mind…

I was in my office preparing my resignation letter and I noticed a letter on my desk, I started reading it…

Dearest Anand,

MOST OF THE TIME THE RELATIONSHIPS WE REGRET FOR BEING IN ARE THE RELATIONSHPS WE NEVER DESERVED, the oath my dad took from me was to take decisions to make my future happier but it took me some time to understand that both my future and happiness is you, all that stuff about the caste was my fear and madness… I want my future and happiness back.

The 

 mad lover

PRIYA

I turned back, she was there, I simply hugged, this time nobody seemed to care.

“You hurt me so much and didn’t even apologize once, why so?” I asked her releasing myself.

“Because I am a girl” she replied.’ BEEP BEEP’ my phone ringed, I checked it, it was a notification stating

‘ANAMIKA IS ONLINE’.

__END__

