Love Story – I CAN

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

The lights were switched on and they reflected her pale white skin and her natural beauty bloomed as she sat amidst the camera men and the interviewers. Her eyes conveyed a lot before she spoke a word and the awkward silence just twitched her a lit bit of more pain. Breaking into her memories one of the interviewer said, “ Mam, you can start now.” She gulped down a sip of water and said pointing to a picture on the display screen, “She’s the most beautiful and innocent girl I ever met in my life.”

Beautiful indeed she was, about 20 years old, the milky white complexion with rosy red delicate lips, expressive eyes and an enchanting smile that anyone could fall in love at first sight. The lady smiled looking at that picture as if it were alive, then continued, “Though she was beautiful but she had to pay for that beauty, she couldn’t hear or speak. This disability never bothered her as she believed that as long as her heart beats, she could live and enjoy the same pleasures as anyone else could.” Saying this, the lady took out a pink glossy diary decorated with flowers from her old worn out brown bag and continued, “I would like to read her diary aloud and to allow you to listen her experience in her own words.”

She took a deep breath and gently turned the cover page of the diary. The content wasn’t written like a diary but as a story, the small italic letters embedded into the white page catching every one’s attention.

 

The lady closed the diary and said, “After this she came out hugged me and conveyed the message, “I love u a lot Mom!!!!” Then she handed me her diary and left the house. I thought she went to bring him home and so decided to read the diary till they come. As I read the last page I ran to find my daughter but I was late. She had jumped into the nearby well and drowned. I wanted to know who the cruel person behind my daughter’s death was but I found no one. It took me almost a year and a half to regain myself and to move over her memories of the innocent smiles and looks.

That is when I started this association called “I CAN” where girls who are unable to speak and listen are helped to stand on their feet by themselves. Each girl is made mentally strong to face the deadliest challenges of life and to move on over heart breaks. They stand on their feet all by themselves and the success of each girl brings happiness on my face. When I look into the eyes of every girl present there I find a piece of my daughter in each of them.” Saying this, the lady finally lost control and her first tear drops fell off her cheeks.

__END__

