LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

His footsteps were heavy on the delicate piles of dried up leaves.

 Cursing under his breath, he brushed past miles of trees and bushes, ignoring the sting of the harsh winter air till finally, he stopped under a Weeping Willow.

 Muttering, he sat under the tree and sheepishly pulled a bar of chocolate out of his tracks.

 

 He thought. 

 Taking a huge bite off the chunky delight, he sighed in bliss.

 Just as he was relaxing, he saw something from the corner of his eye.

 

 He wondered, as he bent forward.

 A slip of white paper peeped back at him.

 Digging into the sand, he pulled it out, realizing it was a sealed envelope.

 It looked dirty and was torn around the edges.

 Probably from being buried in the sand for too long, he presumed.

 At first, he was reluctant to open it.

 

, He reminded himself. Besides, 

 He scoffed.

 The thought of his wife brought about disturbing feelings in him.

 She was always angry with him, anyway. What difference would this make?

Carefully, aware that what he was doing could almost be counted as a sin, he tore open the envelope the way he would a gift wrapping paper, looking up from time to time to make sure no one was watching him.

 As he turned the envelope upside down and began shaking it, a small heap of dust fell out.

 Thinking it was ashes, he jumped in fright and dusted his pants, throwing the envelope away.

 But curiosity was killing him and so, in less than a minute, he found himself slowly inching forward to pick it up again.

 The park was unusually quiet that day.

 That was very helpful because he didn’t want anyone to notice him.

 Not that anyone would. He wasn’t all that charming. Or young.

 Betty no longer thought he was attractive, anyway.

 That’s what years of marriage did to a relationship, he realized, in a moment of melancholy.

 Picking the envelope up, he pulled a bunch of papers out of it and began smoothing them out.

 “Hey there, young man!”

 Startled, he turned around and saw a middle aged jogger wave at him.

 “Hello, sir. Beautiful day” He responded, out of courtesy, hiding the papers behind his back, his face straining from the pressure of his fake smile.

 “Care to join me for a jog?”

 “I’m actually done for the day, I’m afraid!” He lied, silently crushing the chocolate wrapper under his feet.

 “Oh well, maybe tomorrow then!”

 Still smiling, he bid farewell to the jogger and got back to the papers in his hand.

 It was like he had struck gold yet he was reluctant to believe it was actually his.

 This was the most exciting day he had had in years.

 Yet, it took him another fifteen minutes to make up his mind to read what was in these stapled sheets.

 Clearing his throat, he looked at the clear and precise handwriting that flowed through the pages.

 “

!” He read out loud and then stopped.

 Two words.

 Enough to know that this was a love letter.

 Should he continue reading it?

 Would he be alright with some stranger reading his love letters to Betty?

 Did he ever even write love letters to her?

 As his conscience tortured his thoughts, his eyes automatically began reading the letter.

 It was hopeless, he decided. Nothing was going to stop him from reading it now.

 Settling down, he pulled out another chocolate bar from his pocket and started on the letter.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He breathed in deeply at the sincerity of those words and realized that he had never been capable of emoting so freely.

 It was a gift, the ability to love so dearly and to be able to express it.

 He wondered if Betty knew that he loved her.

 

, he decided.

 

His phone began to ring and he reluctantly set the letter aside to answer it.

 “Hello?”

 “Where did you go? Get back this instant! Do you know how…”

 Betty.

 “I needed some fresh air, Betty. Calm down, will you?”

 Cutting the call, he sighed, realizing how in a fraction of a second his feelings for Betty could turn from adoration to hatred to frustration.

He stopped there, crushing the chocolate wrapper in his hand.

 He wondered what it would feel like to love someone that deeply.

 Putting his fingers to his mouth, Love, he whispered, trying to understand the meaning of that word.

 Empty hot air shot back at him.

 Was it weird that Betty’s face didn’t pop into his mind when he was reading this?

 

He turned the pages of the letter and realized that he had almost finished half of it.

 For some weird reason that he couldn’t explain, that worried him.

 It felt like his purpose was to read this letter.

 Like, somehow, it was meant for him.

 Clutching it tighter, as if he would somehow lose it before he got to the end, he read on.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He felt a doubt beat in his heart.

 Then, a vibration in his pocket.

 Irritated, he picked up the call.

 “Where are you?”

 He sighed. She wasn’t going to let this go.

 “On my way home” He lied, wondering how it had felt when he first met Betty, 20 years ago.

 He didn’t recall a magical love story.

 Theirs was a marriage of convenience that turned into love as they gradually got used to spending hours together in that mansion of theirs.

 “I’m coming home. Tell the driver to get to Lake Park in ten.”

 She was still saying something when he cut the call.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He wondered if it was possible to be married to someone for twenty long years and still have these kinds of feelings.

 He wondered why people got married in the first place when love was eventually going to wilt away anyway.

 He wondered a lot of things.

 But mostly, he wondered how this magnificent love story was going to end.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

His own breathing got louder and he felt his heart constrict.

 He knew what was coming next.

 Behind him, the sound of screeching tires.

 His driver was here.

 He hurried on, knowing that he’d never get the privacy to read this letter at home.

 Not with Betty around.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

His heart nearly stopped at the last four words.

 ‘

’

 It couldn’t be.

 Searching frantically for the envelope, he read the date.

 15.03.1993

 Twenty years ago on his and Betty’s wedding day.

 He closed his eyes, imagining this young man, sitting under the tree, writing this letter.

 The same tree, under which he himself had read the same letter.

 Did Patrick die here?

 He didn’t know what to feel anymore.

 Recalling that day, he now understood why it had taken Betty so long to get used to his presence in the house. He understood now, why she would stare out the window for hours. He also understood why she had never, in their twenty years of marriage, accompanied him to this park.

 His mind no longer stable, he pushed the letter back into its envelope, dug a small pit and covered it with sand, leaving it where he felt it belonged.

 Standing up, he dusted his pants as he silently made his way to the car, back to his house and back to his life.

 He knew it would never be the same again.

 One letter, three lives.

 Silently watching, the Weeping Willow danced in the wind.

 On its bark, 4 words carved.

 ‘Betty and Patrick forever’

__END__

