Love Short Story – A reason to dream…

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was around 11.30 pm when he had stepped on the road.  He looked back again, the shops closing down, the street dogs roaming around the unknown faces lurking in the dark. The dogs barked at him too…giving suspicious glances at him as he tried to shoo them away. He thought of her once again. He has promised himself that he will give her everything she desires.

The empty street seems to be getting ready for a nap as well, the destitute and beggars silently sleeping on those plastic bags. He thought of the day he had left his house, why did he want to leave,  everyone had asked the same question. He tried to recall what had he answered on that day,but he couldn’t  recall. The past days appear quite hazy to him these days,as if the memories from two years back are memories from long ago.

He looked at his worn-out watch again, it was his father’s priceless possession – a possession that reminded him of all the moments of his childhood that he spent without his father …those days when he would lay awake on his bed to hear his dad come home drunk, hurling abuses  at his mother, and his mother meekly pleading his dad not to shout. No.he thought to himself, he didn’t have the time to remember all these. It was already 12.00 am,the town engulfed in deep sleep…she must be waiting for him…!

They have been a couple  for more than five years now. What started as a close friendship in their teenage years had grown into deep love by the time they had reached college. She had brought light into his closed dark life, and only she had been able to revive his smile and joys. After he had left his house during college she had become his sole family. They waited patiently to complete their studies and earn a job. He managed to secure a nice job in the northeastern state of Sikkim. A few days before he had gone to her house to ask her hand in marriage  but her parents refused to hand her over to a drunkard’s son. His old scars were charred again, and he cried losing all hopes. But she didn’t lose hope, she loved her parents but she loved him even more.

Today they are going to elope from the city to Sikkim. She is waiting for him…and indeed she was. There she is standing near the gate of her house with her bag and a scarf on her face. As he approached her, she smiled at him, and came closer and said, “don’t worry, it will okay dear, I love you .” He smiled at her and held her hand tightly, for indeed he believed her words and in his heart he knew finally he will be start living his life now.

 

Thank you for reading…!

