Love Short Story – LESSON OF LIFE…..

Photo credit: 

 from 

Its been a year ago, an aromatic love story had begun, aromatic in the sense whenever I think of him it give me the feeling like flowers are blooming, cool breeze is all around. You can say I am little bit of out of order , no every one can experience this type of feeling. My love story is a story of two people from two distinct cultures, societies and families of course.

‘Hi, I am Suhana, female protagonist of this story, I know u will say it is too much, ya I guessed it right but as a lead I deserve this much attention ! lol and my hero………????

Ya coming to that section the most important thing is we met on  famous social networking site FACEBOOK. At that time I was doing graduation and admitted to first year. I always wanna to do some thing adventurous and funny so I created a fake fb account named Zoya and chatted all guys and flirting gave me pleasure. One day I got this guy’s request, hero of the story Vishal, actually I came to know that while chatting with him that I was friend of his brother and he saw my profile and comments so wanna to have a friendship with me.

I said okay but the first chat between us lasted only 2 minutes,in a very formal way, after that we didn’t talk  about a week. Then suddenly I got message good evening and chatted with him which  lasted up to 2hrs. In this way we became good friends in no time. Slowly we came closer as we were enjoying each others’ company, I was experiencing for the first time and for him it was 2nd time.

Actually I never trust anyone until I got confirmed, I told him about my fake id and he understood me so now I chatted from my originals and he shared a lot of things to me like how his life was , he was independent guy so he never wanna to spend father’s money so he was doing part time job while preparing for the entrance. Ya, you guessed right I was a year old from him but that didn’t matter.

Then at that time while preparing for the entrance he spent hours to chat with me and its like he studied hard to chat with me at free time, in night, he was afraid of his mom as she was the leading lady of his family.Everything was doing well until his mom came to know about me and she was very angry which made him not to talk to me. He was panic as it was impossible for us but he told me about this and I cried like nothing as we both knew  this but I begged him not to go.But he went away.

And one day he called me and said sorry and wanted to marry me. I said no as its not like that I was not loving him but I cant choose that person as a life partner who cant stand beside me when I need him,those days without him taught me the lessons of my life so I don’t want to loose that. I told him that last time  you went away as your mother wanted to,tomorrow if she wants you to leave me again then what’s the guarantee that u don’t do it again.I cleared all the matter by meeting him and his mother.

Now I am free and I want to let you know all those ladies who are like me “Don’t spoil your life for that man who cant stand with you, relationship is all about trust and love, if anything got damaged, recovery is impossible”

I still remember him and our happily moments as it give pleasure to me…..:)

__END__

