Love Short Story – Exult

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Silhouettes and shadows have only one thing in common – the cold blackness that comes with it. The ending of a silhouette marks the beginning of a shadow. Though silhouettes have only one basic shape of its master, it wins over shadows because they are more close to the master. Variant shapes could be attained by a shadow but they originate only from one’s feet.

The smoke erupted misting the ambience as a large crowd applauded and cheered the sheer presence of their favorite singer. Pop-star, they claimed him to be. Fred’s shadow didn’t seem to grab anyone’s attention as it lied lazily twisted and crooked over the bushes. The shadow had to wave left and right in correspondence to Fred in order to maintain the Nature’s balance.

The shadow didn’t digest the fact that his master was enthused by the loud exultant techno that erupted from omni-directions. In his world, Silhouettes and Shadows were paired up acquaintances. They never tend to separate from each other nor from their master. Shadows have the tiresome errand of altering its shape from preliminary to drastically distant ones, while silhouettes remained in their basic simple form resembling their master’s dark appearance.

Fred briskly walked towards the crowd both cheering and elated by the different tunes surrounding him. Shadows thought of music as something which always hit but never cause any pain. The shadow lifted up his arms in alignment to Fred. Luminous objects, penetrating lasers and the zapped clicking of different cameras disturbed the shadow as it had to mold itself to different forms. Many shadows fell over the radiance as their masters altered their actions from stillness to rocking gestures.

The Pop star shuffled up his tracks and commenced the soothing music. The crowd waved their hands in accordance to the Star’s actions. The lights were dimmed and the flashing cameras halted. Everyone was pushed into a state of slow oscillation presuming the slow beats that engulfed. The romantic environment hauled many couples into tight embraces. Fred stood alone moving to and fro. The shadow took opportunity of such a slow movement and looked around for someone of its opposite kind.

Far-off and latent stood a lengthy greyness of a female shadow. Its hair swayed in an angelic swing. The red luminous stick which her master held in her arms spread all across the shadow’s body. This particular shadow had already started taking advantage of everyone’s ignorance. It was shifting back and forth as it wished. Fred’s shadow could clearly distinguish between the female and her shadow. It was effused by such freedom demonstrated by the female shadow while the rest ones performed in accordance to their masters. Fred motioned his arms sideways whilst his shadow stood idle blazed by its opposite kind.

Last party’s hangover crushed upon Fred’s stomach as it growled in an aggressive mourn. Fred grabbed his mouth and sprinted towards the far end of the row retching all the way. The shadow felt disgust as it had to give dark grey forms to the sticky vomit that Fred threw up. After some imbalanced actions, Fred gathered his conscience back and resumed his slow movement to the incoming music. But his shadow stood bewildered and motionless as he observed the former female shadow swaying right beside it. The opposite kind seemed to be in its own world as it never noticed a vomiting shadow at a close proximity. Fred’s grey form approached and gave a slight nudge at the deviant feminine form.

The idleness in the music was in the verge of extinction. The singer re-shuffled his tracks to begin techno tracks. Soon the progressive tune kicked up, the vibrations swiveled up, the cacophony raised as everyone began to dance tentatively at the zippy ongoing track. But fatigue grabbed upon Fred as he hardly made any attempts to motion along with the others. The progression summed into high pitched notes following an eruptive bass. As soon as the bass set in, everyone, including Fred, leaped up in synchronism, chanting the vocals. Sparkles glared, lights flooded in and pupil collided amongst each other by their uneven leaps. After some hops, Fred stood idle watching the excitement. A massive light, alongside the covers, lit right in front of Fred’s eyes and he was thrown to a state of sightlessness. Fred leaned down, brushing his eyes vigorously in an attempt to gather his sight back. As his eyes adjusted to the surrounding aura he noticed the unevenness in his shadow. Though he stood motionless his shadow bolted and banged hither thither. He conceived that his mind might be hallucinating.

She was frustrated that he thought so little of her. He had persuaded her to attend the live concert. Crossing several crowded cities, they had finally reached here but to their dismay the concert had been postponed. It was the first time the two had been together outside their country and their first day of liberty and love sprung out to be gloomy.

They stayed at a nearby cheap motel. He was accompanied by his fellow comrades who ruined every single 

The 5th day, the day of the concert approached. He hardly noticed her new hair-cut. He hardly made any attempt to confront her. He had completely forgotten about the concert thing and had hurried outside to pester around with his buddies.

Fred sipped up the entire champagne as he had dared his friends. His buddies cheered for him. The stage had already been set at the other part of the city. His friends hauled him to the concert. All the way back Fred kept blabbering something about Caroline to his friends but they were too unconscious to digest anything he said.

Finally they arrived and Fred briskly walked towards the crowd both cheering and elated by the different tunes surrounding him. His craze for music had overpowered his attachment towards Caroline that he hardly took any heed in calling her to be with him. His blurred vision made everything around him hazy. He kept hopping at the uplifting music. He had mildly noticed Caroline at the far end of the row but didn’t have any strength left in him to sprint towards her. His constant hops affected his stomach as it growled in an aggressive mourn. He looked out at the far end of the row grabbing his mouth. He didn’t know how he teleported himself from the place where he stood minutes ago to this place right besides Caroline.

She hardly noticed him. He stretched out his unstable hands and gave her a slight poke at her shoulders. Caroline had noticed Fred alongside her but she had been so heartbroken that she didn’t thrust forward to assist him while he threw up nor did she care to realize the fact that he had poked her. His grey form approached and gave a slight nudge at the deviant feminine form. The feminine form instantly realized its lover, for both had crossed several crowded cities together, for he had covered her when the female felt chilled in the mornings, for he had always kept the bedside lamp on all night so both wouldn’t be lost in the dark, for in their world shadows never smelled of liquor, for both didn’t spend a single day without holding hands last winter, for he would brush her hair calmly at dusks when the sunlight was about to vanish, for he had been careful with her all the time.

As soon as the bass set in, Caroline’s grey shadow leaped up, the strings of her hair spread beautifully across her hidden face, her arms stretched out wide and hugged the uplifted shadow of Fred. A massive light, alongside the covers, lit right in front of Fred’s eyes and he was thrown to a state of sightlessness. Caroline’s shadow noticed this and hopped out to place a calm kiss over her beloved one. His shadow went berserk out of excitement and began dancing wildly. Though Fred stood motionless his shadow bolted and banged hither thither. He conceived that his mind might be hallucinating.

“Let the shadows accomplish, what the humans can’t.“

__END__

 -Harish.S

