Love Short Story – Remember This

Photo credit: 

 from 

“One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.”

The noise in my head was deafening. It was like a static white noise that would just not quit. I could swear that I’d live with it, only that I could remember myself promising myself to break this.

I was walking to work when my eyes caught a bunch of white chrysanthemums. I really wished I didn’t have, but my mind was soon filled with the memories of my mother’s funeral.

I had now reached the qualms of reality, trying ever so hard to decide whether at that moment, as I stared into my office building, was the past or the present. If man had problems in life, mine was a perpetual one. I had the ability to recall everything since I was eight. Doctors call it names; people God’s gift. And I could only call it noise.

I could never be too careful. Because anything and everything brought something to mind- a sight, a face, a scent, an essence. Even words. I usually restrained myself from getting too overwhelmed, sometimes losing my already lost mind in a chemical daze of doctor’s drugs.

I was trying to balance my head when a voice broke me.

“Us boys are going to an office party tonight. You want to come?” said Nathan, my friend. Although I wouldn’t call myself a socially amicable person, I still had a friend or two. Social obligations almost always forced me to attend to parties, but I’d often excuse myself out of it.

“I don’t know, really. You know I don’t like them,” said I.

“Boy, there’ll be girls!” he said with a wink. I still shook my head but told him I’d take a rain check.

I knew what the people thought of me- a sullen, unenthusiastic mop. Most times it didn’t even matter to me, because I hardly ever had the space in my head to think of that. But the truth was that I didn’t want to add any more to the already blazing mess of memories. I’d never let anyone in long enough to leave a lasting mark. But that was effortlessly delivered anyway.

Her voice summoned me to the present.

“Hey, Tom. Aren’t you coming to the party?” she asked me.

I moistened the chaps of my lips, and pursed them. “I don’t know, really.”

“You should. It’s a good party.”

I noticed her eyes travel from the waste basket at the corner of the room to my desk, my chest and then to my face.

“It’ll be fun. And you never come to such things. It’ll be good for a change,” she said and decided to leave.

I could feel words trying to escape my mouth. But I could also find myself biting my lip.

They escaped.

But not before she spoke again.

“You know, you could at least show your face around here. You might be a really nice guy. Come for me at least. I made the first step,” she said and disappeared behind the doors.

I must admit now that I had always tried to maintain my distances with her. Because as much as I wanted to know her, I knew I couldn’t. My life was already a tangle of memories I knew I would never be able to come out of.

Although I did take a decision, it took me a long while.

I entered the now-defunct party. There were paper-cups lying around. The light was still a dim red and orange, and the disco-light still scattered the light around. Some people were still sliding across the dance floor. I noticed Nathan, drunk beyond recognition.

Beth was waiting in the balcony.

“Look what the cat dragged in. Welcome. You are kind of late,” she said to me.

“I have something to say to you,” said I and I took a deep breath.

She waited.

“I remember everything about my life since I was eight years old. Every single detail of every second of every day. I remember what my mother said to me right before she taught me how to fly a kite, what my seventh grade classmate told me in the middle of a math class, and I could tell you everything about what happened on any given day.

I remember things forever, and I cannot do anything about that. Even the bad memories. And God knows I’ve had them. I cannot allow myself to love you, because I am afraid that I will end up with the worst of all. That is why I’ve never fallen in love before, because the only thing people tell me about love is how it all went wrong.  I admit I am a coward, and I have spent ten years just looking at you,” I said, finally.

Her eyes glistened in the faint red light still exhaling from the room.

“What if I told you that we might never make a bad memory?” she asked me.

I smiled.

“Then you have a coward in front of you who will never ever forget your birthday.”

__END__

 

