Love Story – Well Known Strangers

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was tossing and turning in her bed with restlessness, it’s his birthday, and Yes It’s him, Sekhar!! Sekhar ruled her life for the past 5 years, and now she is nothing for him, just a someone, her mind was in a chaos, she wanted to wish him, how can she forget him and the things related him, he was her everything, he was there for her in all her hurdles, he helped her in every aspect of her life, he was there for her, but now what has happened , everything turned to be the other way , It’s been exactly an year they spoke with each other , that was the day she exactly told him , “I’m afraid what will be our position next year” He replied “Even I’m Afraid of that Anu” and exactly after an year on the same day, they turned out to be “WELL KNOWN STRANGERS”

She has tried to contact him in many ways, but he was strong enough to avoid her, but she was strong in all aspects, and her only weakness is HIM!! She herself tried to avoid him in many ways , deleted his contact , deleted from facebook , deleted from Watsapp , involved herself in many other things , but even though she kept herself busy , at the back of her mind , his thoughts and his memories do run !! He was her life , whatever she does to avoid him , she cannot avoid his memories at all , she even tried killing herself , but the thought of her parents , is what stopped her from committing suicide, the agony they will go through coz of her , so she backed off from that idea of suicide , she is living in his memories , in her past with him , her soul was with him , only her body is present here , how can she move on? Can she move on without him? She backed off from the idea off suicide but literally dying to live everyday without him!

She wanted to talk with him, but she knew well that it won’t work out, coz he was stubborn enough to avoid her. She is still in a dilemma whether to call or message.. What if he again avoids her? Can she bear that pain? She is already under agony, can she bear more pain.

She deleted his number long back from her mobile but she cannot erase it from her mind and heart, it has been inscribed with golden letters in her mind, not only his number, his every detail. She typed his number in her mobile , time was 11:55 P.M , 5 more minutes to go , her heart was racing , her finger went on to the dialing button , she disconnected the call , she was afraid , how will he react ?

“Will he talk or cut the call?” she was thinking

With all the courage she mustered, she saved his number “My Life” then opened her Watsapp, refreshed the contacts. There appeared his contact number, she saw his picture, memories came back, and her tears started rolling down, she typed a message in Watsapp

“Many Many happy returns of the day”

There came only a single tick , which means it hasn’t been delivered to him , she thought , his last seen was some 10:30pm ‘what happened , why did my message didn’t get delivered?’ she cried herself to bed , “Why jaanu , why are you doing this to me?

She woke up with the incessant ringing of her alarm, her hands were searching for her mobile with closed eyes to turn off the alarm, but she couldn’t find, finally she opened her eyes and found her mobile, there were a few notifications on face book and few messages, she opened her Watsapp again to check whether her message has been delivered or not, Yes!! It has been delivered, and for her surprise he even replied to her message, her eyes fluttered wide open, all that sleep has vanished in to thin air, there was no bound for her happiness on reading his message it read “Thank you very much, so many things to say but not able to express…” on seeing his reply she sat upright in her bed, ‘what, he replied to me!!’, she kissed her mobile in happiness:-P

She was happy , it was short but it conveyed a lot of message  , she was simply jumping with joy , his reply gave her an instant energy , she again replied to his message “Have a nice day ahead” , she wanted to pour out all her feelings , she wanted to call him immediately , But again many ‘what if’  questions has raised in her mind ‘what if he just put a reply out of courtesy’ ‘what if he thinks that I’m just over reacting’ so she decided to put a simple message and leave it ‘What a great start’ she thought happily and started her routine daily work , today she was something different , a smile has been plastered on her face , after a very long time….

She came from her usual morning walk and was getting ready for her office, time was 8:30 AM, she was in a dilemma, and she wanted to wish him exactly at 9:10 AM, thinking about this, she has gone back into the past when he himself asked her to wish at that time.

.

She took her mobile and typed a message

 she pressed the send button and closed her eyes , she was afraid , what would be his reaction , will he reply or ignore ?

There came an instant reply from him and from there begins their conversation, it continued like this:

Sekhar – “Did I tell you that you are disturbing me?”

Anu – “No not like that, but…”

Sekhar – “You know what, even I forgot about this 9:10 AML”

Anu – “How can I forget? You know I’m a psycho:-D”

Sekhar – “Everyone knew who that is”

Anu – “Nope, it’s me” there was no reply from him again, she sent him a message

Anu – “Thank you so much for replying, it really meant a lot to me!” this was her message

Sekhar – “I posted a status on facebook, that was for you only :-)” she hurriedly opened her facebook and searched for his profile, she has un-friend him so she cannot see any of his updates, she got his profile and the status read

Tears started rolling down her cheeks seeing his status, memories started flooding her, she doesn’t want this day to end especially the chat which is going between them, maybe she will not have another chance to talk with him, she was afraid he might again ignore her, she wanted the time to pause, here at this moment to stop forever and ever! :-(  :-(

She is trying to control all her emotions that are engulfing her, It is hard to suppress the emotions that have been bottled up inside us, the same has happened with her , she couldn’t control her tears anymore , in between her sobs she replied him

Anu – “How can I forget anything about you?”

Sekhar – “How can I?” it was his instant reply, there was no way that she could stop her tears anymore, she has gone back to the time when they first met.

A smile has been plastered on her face thinking about how funny their first talk was. She came into this world, saw her mobile, there were few messages, she opened, they were from him. He sent a picture of the watch she has given him some few years back, and asked her

Sekhar – “Do you remember this?”

Anu – “How can I forget that?”

Sekhar – “:)”

Anu – “I thought you have completely ignored me”

Sekhar – I have not deliberately left you, situations were like that”

Anu – “Yes I know, that’s what, I thought at least to forget me…… I thought …..You would have …..”

He sent her all the pic’s she has uploaded in watsapp and facebook in this one year and selected a pic and told; “You are looking beautiful in this” She was shocked on seeing all this “What?” there was an happiness in her that he didn’t forget her , but again the reality has dawned upon her that he can never be her’s not now , at least not in this life , and now her heart was weeping silently for the love , which has been long lost in the battle.

Her mobile blinked again, she opened, it was him again it read

“

”

She thought to herself  ‘I want to be your life’ but she didn’t express any of her feelings to him , which she wanted to do with all her heart , pour out all her feelings , leaving behind everything and get back to him , the love of her life , ‘why life was so unfair with me , God why us!!’

Everyone used to envy their couple not that they are beautiful or gorgeous, but they are happy in their own imperfections, a perfect couple, who defined true love!!

LOVE!! It’s the reason for happiness, as well as unhappiness, we never knew whether that gonna be the reason for our happiness or sadness, unless and until life plays its cards on us!!! It’s a bitter fact to digest in our life , As the most prominent saying goes “Love comes to us when less desired , and leaves us when desired the most” , She needs him the most in her life now ,and the same goes with him, but then god has something else in store for them!

“Anu… Anu” it was her mom calling, she quickly wiped away her tears and shouted “Ha coming ma!” and went into the kitchen to find her mom

“Here, take your breakfast , See the time baby , it’s getting late” her mom told and got busy with her household chores , her mother hasn’t seen her face , one look at her face anyone can say that she was crying , her puffy eyes and swollen cheeks indicates them easily.

She came back to her room with her breakfast, to find few messages from him, she opened them

Sekhar – “So how’s life Anu”

Anu –“A really tough question Sekhar”

Sekhar-“:)”

Anu-“You know what, I have deleted you from Facebook, Whatsapp everything, but you have been inscribed in my <3 , nothing can be deleted from my heart”

Sekhar- “What!! What kind of logic is that Anu? If we are not friends in Facebook, can we move on? ”

Anu-“ It’s not a logic to move on , I have done all that to avoid you , the mere thought of you , causes a turbulence in my heart , I don’t have the courage to see you like that , sorry Sekhar , if I have hurt you”

Sekhar-“you have never hurted me to till date, I am the one hurting you”

“Baby, it’s getting late for you, are you done with your breakfast?” her mom came in to check her

“Yeah mom, I’m leaving” she put her breakfast aside, kept her things in her handbag and was about to start, her mom called her back

“What’s this Ananya??? You haven’t eaten anything?” she pulled her back and fed her.

“Ok Mom, Enough, it’s getting late, got to go, See you” she placed a peck on her cheek and left for office.

Only her body was present but her thoughts were in her past, when the last time they have met each other, they never knew that would be their last time to see each other. She has gotten into her bus and was lost in her dreamland.

She wiped away those tears that escaped from her eyes, and got down the bus walking towards her office.

She was walking towards her office, her mind was in chaos ‘Will he fight for me now or will he leave me again like in the past. Shall I stop talking with him? Am I getting attached to him again. No I cannot do that, I will continue talking with him , whatever happens , I cannot leave him now. What if, the same happens again, can you bear the pain again?’ One part of her is saying to continue and the other part was saying to forget him and move on, she took out her mobile and dialed her best buddy Ashu. She didn’t receive the call. She swiped her card went inside, trying to concentrate on her work, but couldn’t , she wanted to find an answer for the questions that is running in her mind , then came into her mind , her once upon a time best friend Divya, Yes! She was her once upon a time best friend cause she didn’t like the decision of Anu Loving Sekhar; she was against her on that issue from the beginning.

To the past-

To the present –

Now she felt like asking her once again, but her heart said no! , her mobile was flashing, she opened to see who it was, it was Sekhar

Sekhar- “Always be happy Anu”

Anu –  “Happiness??”

Sekhar- “Please jaanu , atleast for me”

Anu – “I’m happy outwardly but I’m dying inside daily :-).

Sekhar – :-(

Anu – “Don’t worry , its not because of you , My Life is like that!”

Sekhar-“I know the reason , no need of saying anything”

Anu-“ No Sekhar not at all, Can I tell you one thing”

Sekhar – “Yes jaanu”

Anu-“ Give me one chance Sekhar , I will show you what life is”

Sekhar-“Anuu…”

Anu-“ Yeah  yeah I know that it can never happen, now you don’t worry”

Sekhar-“I Love You Anu, No one can ever replace you in my life , You are my everything, For me you are the only girl who can understand me . I fell in love with you when we were together, then fell deeper in love with you in the years we were apart. You know what I need you more in my life than you! ”

She felt like something was crushing from inside, she wanted him now , she wanted to wipe away his tears, but again , they cannot be together , not in this life!! She looked at their photograph, feeling utterly empty. ‘I didn’t know what I was supposed to say to him. 

“We are often insane with happiness. We are also very unhappy for reasons neither of us can do anything about. Like being separated.”

She took the photograph into her hands and stroking it gently, it was their first photograph together. She was in her worst attire possible, but that was the best memory she had in her life!

“

“Life is so full of unpredictable beauty and strange surprises. Sometimes that beauty is too much for us to handle. Do you know that feeling? When something is just too beautiful? When someone says something or writes something or plays something that moves you to the point of tears, maybe even changes you.”

She wanted to go back to those wonderful days, where her whole world was her family, friends and Sekhar, but now in her today’s world office, tears and frustration is her only world!! <3

She was still looking at the photograph, not only that, reminding the best memories she had on that day, which was the best and the most memorable in her life, in every aspect!!

“

“

Select Page below to Continue Reading…

