Love Story from College – Late Message

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I am a businessman. I have to go on tours extensively. I came to Bangalore for some business agreement with my partner Raj. I have no interest in going to parties. But my business partner Raj invited me to join a birthday party. I don’t know whose birthday it may be. I thought that this may be the birth day of his son or daughter.

After going there, I knew that the birth day party is on the occasion of his wife’s birth day. Raj has two daughters. They are married and working as the surgeons in reputed hospitals. Raj is busy speaking with me in his private room. His elder daughter came and said that all the guests are waiting for cake cutting. Raj told her that we will come in another ten minutes. She has gone and Raj again immersed in talk.

Ten minutes.. Fifteen minutes… Raj is in his talking mood. Now his second daughter came and told him that mummy is waiting for you. Now Raj stood and looked at me.

“Let us finish this formality. Then we will come back and continue.”

I silently followed him. Raj’s wife is a famous cardiologist and she is working in city’s corporate hospital.

“She is my wife Saraswati.” Raj introduced her.

I was staring at her with unknown hidden feelings. She also saw me for a while like that.

The party is over. Before coming back to Raj’s room I am thinking about her. She is filled in my memories like wild fire. I loved her in my college days. She did not reply. After that I came to know that she got seat in medical college in Vizag. Her silence was the rejection. So I controlled my feelings. I studied MBA in USA and returned India. I have started my business. I have completely forgot about her.

I had dinner with Raj, Saraswati and her two daughters along with close relatives. I am about to leave for my hotel. Raj told me that his wife wants to talk to me. When she is talking, Raj also stood behind her.

“On that day, I could not accept your proposal. I wanted to be a famous cardiologist and I was afraid that love will be a hurdle in this journey ahead. So I did not answer, it does not mean that I don’t like you. I actually love you very much. I after I joined the service in the hospital I came to know that you are in sates. So our relation had been sour. Later I was in contact of Raj and we are happily married couples.”

As she told this with a lot of feelings, I have become moved with emotions.

“Thank you for your message. It was late, but it has its value. I now knew that I am not rejected. I respect your feelings.”

After that, I took Raj in to my warm embrace and said goodbye. She was looking happy now.

__END__

