Love Short Story – Dance in the rain…

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

“What are you doing here?” Man frowned.

“Cool down dear…I am just dancing in rain…I love it!On the roof…In the rain…” a soft singing feminine voice tickled his ears.

“I am not here to know what you love!!! you will not do that again!!!” Man frowned again.

“Why so?”asked she.

“Because I am saying so!!!”

“And who are you to decide what should do and what not??”

“I am your husband!!!I have all rights on you!!!”

“Except loving me!”

“I love you!”

“No..you don’t…if its so then you should let me free to do whatever I want…”

“And what do you want?”

“To dance in rain…” her voice high with joy and arms open up in the sky.

“Ohh..c’mon…I don’t like when other guys watch you dancing…your cloths are all wet and making your skin transparent…”

“So what??? I don’t care the damn guys…I’ll do what I like to do!!!”

“JUST SHUT UP!!! you will do what I’ve decided for you!!!”

“ok..but then you have to do what I’ll decide for you…”

Man thought for a while…what she will ask him to do…

“Okay Fine!!!But lets go from here for God’s sake!!!”the authoratative tone of man passed a shiver in her body but she decided not to give up so soon.

“No first you do whatever I say…”she tapped her feet on floor like a kid.

He huffed. Stare her hard. Her soft face made his heart to melt a bit. A smile was about to come but vanished when he saw men behind her on their roofs smiling and giving dirty looks to her. A rage compelled his mind. He hold her jaw tightly…

“I SAID LETS GO FROM HERE!!!DON’T YOU GET THAT???”

Girl’s eyes became moist…not because of the pain of his tight grip but because of the pain she was feeling inside.

“Why???”A whisper escaped from her mouth,her throat was chocked.

Man loosen his grip seeing tear in her eyes but his posture was still stiff.

“Because Men behind you are making fun of you,giving you dirty looks…can’t you understand it!!!” A bit polite this time.

“Then ask them to go!!!”said the girl carefree and again open her arms wide,took a deep breath,raised her head to feel the droplets of rain on her face.Her lips curved with a content smile.

Boy was helpless,her smile was making him to forget everything and lost in her,dance with her and let her enjoy in the rain but the dirty looks of men was raising his temper,he was helpless,can’t stop anyone;neither them nor his girl!!!

His body was heating up with rage,”What the hell!!!this girl is not listening to me…I am her husband…she should obey me!!!He is the MAN!!!Master of her life!!!”

He, holding her hand tightly pulled her towards him,”Lets go!!”he insisted dragging her to stairs.

“Stop it!!!you are hurting me..”a feable voice of girl lost somewhere in loud sound of rain…It had started raining heavily.Girl was making all efforts to get rid of his tight grip but was short of strength.Boy was dragging her too hard,not listening to her,full of rage,not any looking back.He will prove that he is right and she should understand that it was for safety of her dignity only.

“Wait…stairs are slippery…”girl was trying to make him slow…”cautious!!!Wait!!!Slow!!!I am coming..leave my hand!!!”

Her voice was too weak to make a way through his ear drums.

“Ahhhhhh!!!!”A loud scream and her hand slipped from his giving a jerk to him and his other hand holding the railing tightly to hold himself but next moment girl’s body was lying down on street full of blood.All happened in a fraction of second and the boy was not able to do anything except figuring out what had just happened.

“NO!!!” He screamed.His head was swinging,his throat dried and breath became out of control.He had lost everything in a second.He ran down like mad,checked her wrist,nose,heart everything…and then sat down numbly.Tears refused to came out,they were chocked as his breath was chocked somewhere inside him.

Men who were watching the wet girl in rain went down quietly.

__END__

