Love Story – The Car

Photo credit: 

 from 

The tale starts with a beautiful November Sunday morning with glorious sun & chirp of birds in company with blossoming chrysanthemum, dahlia & rose flowers on Mani terrace. Being a working woman Mani has to complete her all pending task on this day only. Mani planned it to begin with the purchasing grocery items. While moving towards her car, she arbitrarily saw a new black car parked right side of her house which revived some from her memories. One cheerful person came out of that with a pleasant smile interacted with one of her neighbor. Haphazardly, they glanced at each other & then took their ways.

Few days back again that fascinating car was in front of her house & she was seeing it continuously unintentionally, altogether the person who drove it. Once again they glanced & moved to their ways. This trend was going on every weekend. The man was indeed charismatic but interest was that car.

She memorized! Hey Mani, I wish u take a long drive in a long black car, told Dev her jovial life partner.

But my dear, I love u with that car too, & after all it’s lucky for both of us, told Mani.

But certainly I will purchase black color big car for you & our kids. Saying this couple embraced each other affectionately.

Back to her present, Mani was engaged to her hectic schedule. Once while washing clothes on terrace she found those two staring eyes at her of the same person. She felt little impetuous rather all females pass through the dilemma of staring often. Noticing it many times she felt confused & frustrated. She kept on thinking that what he wants from her, any help or it’s a normal nature of him. I should talk to him so as to whenever she saw him, goes in to her past.

She remembered the voice of Dev! Oh my dear scientist wife, my blood reports are there on table please check them.

Ok dear, how are those, She asked?

I don’t know, they would be perfectly all right after all I look like a sportsman, don’t you see my physique. Saying this he hugged & kissed her.

Ok just let me see the reports now.

Honey, Can we go to the doctor right now… she could not say anything more than this in haste.

What happened! Will you tell me something? Dev constantly used to ask her. But she couldn’t answer. She was feeling completely devastated after seeing his reports. Dev was diagnosed with leukemia.

Getting disease like blood cancer in early thirties when your life just has taken a flight & you have beautiful dreams of future was a real trauma for both of them.

Mani, will I be completely all right. My dream is to make you wife of a CEO in early forties & want to grow old with you.

Nobody could reach the extent of pain, Mani was passing through. She used to hide her swollen eyes from Dev & always told him, yes certainly you will be cured, My love.

Hey Mom, what happened? You are crying, oh no! You are remembering dad. I am with you maa, I love you.

Three years has spent with no Dev & this car & cheerful man whenever appeared enforced Mani to mourn & memorize her beloved Dev.

__END__

