Love Short Story:  The Strange Feeling – Beauty Creates Silence

Photo credit: 

 from 

She walked past me. I felt the coldest of all shivers. I sat there, in my seat. alone. My eyes were fixed to her slow movements. The classes were racing. They had to be, XIIth grade is no fun for everyone. The students are seated individually. I had my seat, pretty close to her. At first I thought it was a prank on me by teachers during the seating arrangements. But when I finally glued myself to the wooden chair, I realized that I was not dreaming. It was the hard truth. The unimaginable reality. A scene which I have always visualized in my mind. Now it has come true. I was on cloud nine. However she did not heed me even once. Thank God for my pleasing looks.

The most difficult thing to is not climbing Mount Everest. It’s to find yourself swimming between the chambers of a girl’s heart. The biology you learned up till then does not come in use anywhere in this case. Its a very complicated open heart surgery which is done without tearing up your chest to reach the delicate organ, it requires no hospitals,doctors, nurses and needles. No stitches involved. No blood. No pain physically. This surgery is done using your wits and your intelligence in the right time in the right place; but the patient must the right person who is beautiful enough to conquer the heart of the doctor and always make sure that she does not wear high heel shoes, otherwise the operating doctor may require the help of another another doctor; A dentist.

When all of the above are moving in the direction of your favour. then it’s sure that you are affected with a disease which has come into existence since time immemorial. Love. It has no predefined treatment or prescribed medication.The intensity of the disease will only increase with each passing day. But the occurrence of this emotional ailment is different in different people. It does not depend upon time and age. This is something which is not contagious. The symptoms of this illness are; The rapid increase of heartbeat, the rush of adrenaline, the sudden sweat etc… but all these occur only when you are close to the one you have affection for, otherwise everything tends to be in normal condition. The only way to cure this disease is to get smiles, hugs, sweet words all such expensive medicines from the one that has been responsible for the cause of the disease in you, no predefined dosage for any of these, the more you get the more relieved you will become, that’s the specialty of the illness. No limits in the consumption of medicines and it is not a time bound activity. No medicine in the history of Medical science has been discovered to cure or prevent this disease. One will be self doctors in this case.

Therefore, I was one such doctor affected with this disease. I was in ‘love’. The the word itself is a great inclusive concept. An emotion that grows with age and changes with time and never ceases to exist. A feeling so far stretched that it’s literally impossible to express it in a limited number of words. The truth is that it awakens the poet in you. But make sure that your words come in use & it’s not just in wasting the ink of your pen and paper. I was a part-time poet though but my mind goes blank when I start thinking penning down a poem on her. Just like the feeling of love itself, the person to which you are attracted to can be also something beyond the description of alphabets.

So, as I was saying. I was watching her without a blink. She came to her seat and sat down. The girlish things of secrets & giggles and silent laughter was now temporarily silenced. Just temporarily. The next class was about to begin. It was Chemistry. All the students were ready to gobble the carbons & hydrogen and all those never ending unbalanced reactions. But, surprisingly our Physical Education teacher showed up in the class. He said that it is substitution period since our Chemistry teacher was on leave because she is unwell. Our faces brightened, we insisted the teacher to take to the ground but he gave us a negative reply and said that the ground was in a bad condition due the continuous visit of heavy rains. That’s a quick response.. I thought. He knew it was coming. We were to spend the entire period in class.

While my classmates were in a dull mood. I was secretly overjoyed. Now its the perfect to let my patient know about my ailment only she had the cure. Heartbeat alert !!!!

I called her by her name. She responded by facing towards me, breaking the chat with her friends. Her cute eyes seemed to speak a thousand words. Her lips were pink and very neatly chiseled out, her nose was perfection, her hair was combed. She smelled of some unknown expensive perfume. Anyway her features were so brilliantly put together that Cupid itself will fall in love with her the very first sight.

My voice broke after that. I never spoke a word. I was silent and numb. I just kept staring at her, it would seemed like my eyes will suddenly pop out. The disease has started it’s share of fun, quick sweat, butterflies in my stomach, blood rushed in my veins… all in a couple of microseconds. I was not in this world.

‘what’ she asked me. Her chripy voice made me shiver again, this time more vigorously.

‘No…thing’ I replied.

No matter how advanced you are the process of confession of love is still the same for everyone, No matter how clear your voice is, you begin to stammer, no matter how cold it is, you begin to sweat, no matter how many lines have churned up in your mind, you go blank.. In the end everything in the universe ceases to exist in front of you.

As I replied, she gave a smile and an ‘OK’ and carried on with her friends. I still sat there where I am. No change in position. I am yet to get over this strange feeling of numbness and open my mouth and utter words from my heart to her. But I cannot, the only thing I had in mind after this scene was,

“how can beauty become the cause of a tranquil silence that gulps you till you are subjected to move from vicinity or vise-versa.”

Some questions are never answered. They always remain as immortal questions which none dared to seek answers. This is one such question. It has never been answered. Yet. Biology is sometimes nothing in front of such emotionally physical curiosities. No need to search Google too.

However, the so called ‘strange feelings’ still exists in very heart seeking love. Well, in my case, I have kept it for another day. Another time. Let’s see what happens. But, I am sure of one thing. Love creates silence. Anywhere. Anytime.

__END__

