Short Love Story of First Date

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was my first official date with Rakish. Perhaps I wanted to be looked the most handsome of my life. It was the day of converting my dreams into reality. I used bathroom that day more than one hour, spent half an hour in front of mirror in order to be perfect in every possible way.

I combed my hair almost 20 times and waiting for his call. Perhaps this is the sign of love. When I would think about him small smirk would come upon my face. Habits like talking with own self ,reading his message again and again interpreting according  to my own perspective,checking phone in every 2  minutes,recalling all conversation with him,standing hour and hour in front of  mirror.

Love is not a silence. Sometime you have to accept certain things that can not be explained.

I knew I was in love and I was not doing anything intentionally. My love was forcing me to do all this innocence and silly act.  Suddenly my phone rang up. I was ready and about to depart.

I got frozen as soon as I saw him. He was looking handsome once again.

He carried absolutely blue . I could not say anything for a while. Minutes went by loaded with silence.

‘ What ‘? He asked.

‘ Nothing……….’ I stammered.

He might have understood that it was the charm of his personality but did not say anything further that was quite enough to make me crazy again.

‘Shall we move?’

‘Yup’

He sat behind and we set off.

The moment he touched his hand on my shoulder, a swift charge again run through my whole body.

I was nervous as well as very excited. I was unable to talk anything  and continuously gazing him.

He was narrating several stuffs about his friends and I was nodding my head in consensus. We both were holding each other’s hands. As a matter of fact , I was just lost into his eyes rather than anything else.

Suddenly our conversation broke with  the arrival of our ordered dish.

After putting first piece of dosa  he puked it on my neck and said , ‘Ohh no……………………’

‘ What happened?’

‘My uncle is coming from the main entrance.’

He tried to hide behind me.

‘He is very close to my Dad and strict too. In case he notices me over here , I will be messed up.’  He added.

‘How the hell he now came over here? My fate has been written by f**king dung.’ I removed all his mouth dirt from my neck.

‘We have to move now. Let’s go.’

‘Arreeeeeeeeeee, lets finish it first.’

‘Oh my goodness,you are more concerned about dosa than me. Are you coming with me or shall I go alone ?’

‘Okkkkk…………’

We rushed towards the backside entry. I was not worried for money spent on dosa as it was nothing for him but for an empty stomach which was twitching  after seeing yummy dosa.

‘ Oh, I should be sorry for you,it all happened because of me,we will have good time some other day.’ Rakish said.

__END__

