Love Story 2012 – Love Story, The End -2012

Love Story, The End -2012

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story is not intentional. This is a mix of imagination and real incidents. Read carefully. I have presented it in a very simple language.

Characters: Ram, Suman, Sita, Gita, Rita, Nitha

January 1st:

“Happy New Year sweetheart, I Love you”, kissing on her cheek, said Ram to Sita.

“Love you too, happy new year dear”, replied Sita with a shy smile.

Ram and Sita were lovers. They were in deep love with each other. Ram and Sita rarely met, because they had restrictions in their homes. Neither was Ram allowed to talk to girls, nor was Sita allowed to talk to boys. Most of the times they were on calls or messages or on facebook. They had romantic talks, shared love SMS, etc.

Gita was best friend of Sita. Sita shared all her problems and approached Gita whenever there was a fight with Ram. She would suggest her best way to get back to Ram. Such a good friend she was. Even Ram was close to Gita.

(Keep in mind; the characters never got a chance to meet each other’s directly, except Ram & Sita).

As Sita did not like Ram talking to any other girl, she never gave an opportunity for Ram to meet Gita. Over a period of time, Ram happened to become closer to Gita for a purpose. They often spoke on facebook. It was not with an intention to leave Sita behind, but Sita’s birthday was fast approaching, and Ram wanted to gift a “Pleasure” to Sita. He was seeking Gita’s help. Sita was very anxious/Jealous about the “growing chemistry” between Ram and Gita. As Gita was being close with Ram, Sita started avoiding Ram. Gita understood that Sita was thinking something bad about her relation with Ram, and started avoiding Ram, for the sake of her friend.

So there were not talks between them. At this point of time, a girl by name Rita entered the game. She introduced herself to Ram as mutual friend of Sita and Gita, and told him that Gita shared all her problems with her, and she was even aware of the “Wrong Happenings” in their so called “Pious & Clean Relation”. Soon Rita started sharing all her personal and important issues with Ram. Ram was in desperate need of a friend, and Rita came to his rescue. She tried to sooth all his problems. She became his best friend and vice-versa. Rita was provoking Ram on the issues of Love. Ram took no time to tell “I Love You” to Rita. Whenever ram asked for a date with Rita, she ignored his request.

Sita was still in contact with Ram, but not as close as before. Ram is now in the “Fantasy World of Rita”. So he did not care much for Sita. He was angry on Sita, for having thought about his “Doubtful” behaviour with Gita. Rita learnt from her sources that Ram was still in contact with Sita. She was not happy about these developments. Her doubts started accelerating on Ram, and finally she told Ram,

“You still love Sita, and you are still in close contact with her, you dint even tell me. I Lost trust on you, stay away from me”.

Rita mis-understood Ram. Ram broke down into tears. As Sita once loved Ram, she had concern about him, and started supporting him again. All of sudden a girl named Nitha, came in touch with Ram, and started negative talk on Sita. Initially Ram did not lend his ears, but as the time passed on, he started believing her, and finally decided to give up his “So-So” relation with Sita.

Sita was very sad for what has happened, and she was given a helping hand by a person called Suman, who introduced himself as a friend of Ram. Suman gave utmost respect, showed care and love on Sita. He was the one who came to her rescue at bad times. Girls often tend to fall for a person who even act they “Care” for them. Sita was impressed with his loving nature, and finally decided to accept him as her soul mate. Finally Ram was left alone, and Sita was in Love with Suman.

 But,

45 Days later…

February 14th:

Ram and Sita were found dead. Reason: Suicide

Here comes the actual twist…

Ram and Sita were lovers. Sita wanted to test weather Ram really loved her or not. So she introduced a character called “Gita”, claiming to be her best friend. Since Ram started becoming close to “Created girl-Gita”, Sita’s doubt started growing on Ram. But when she knew he was talking to the “Character-Gita”, only for the sake of her birthday plan, she was convinced that he did not love the “character Gita”. But some worm was still moving in her brain, she wanted to know whether he will really leave her for some other girl?

She again introduced another character called “Nitha”. It is a normal practice, when anyone starts telling badly even about a person you like; you tend to believe if your relation is weak. Ram believed “Nitha’s” words and never gave a thought about Sita again. Ram is in no way lesser than Sita. He also played double game. He introduced a character called “Suman”, and made Sita love him. They both created fake profiles in facebook. Sita was responsible for creating dummy profiles of Gita, Rita and Nitha. Ram was responsible for creating fake profile of Suman, as he was also not in a position to trust Sita. They both did the same mistake. All because of trust deficit, called “Doubt”.

One fine day, Ram and Sita knew what exactly happened. They realized they have done a blunder. They felt humiliated, and felt guilty for what they have done. They thought, living in this world with such a doubtful mind is of no use. They finally decided to give-up their lives.

Ram wrote a letter “Sita, I am sorry. Love You”.

Sita also wrote a letter of realization, “Ram Forgive me, I love you”.

I was wondering all these days, why people say “An idea may not always change your life, but a doubt can”. But this story proved how it can influence relations and lives, because it all started with a doubt.

After all, apart from Experience, it’s the Trust also that matters :)

__END__

