Short Love Story – Born Standing Up!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Stories, all of us have a life story, this one was something that touched my heart and maybe it’ll touch yours too.

A boy tall and handsome sixteen years old, but still couldn’t fall in love,why?

A boy was born in a Sikh family, his life was very good initially . His father love him a lot, he bought two things, if the child breaks one thing the other one was available. Till nine years of age he enjoyed a lot but when he entered the age of ten a loophole came in his life, his father passed away. His father was very well-known in the city in the government sector, her mother came in distress, his brother was only seventeen years old. But after all of it both the brothers became adults not physically but by thinking .

Life went like this but the mother and brother had a small child in their hands ,they took care of him and loved him always. He was provided with the latest technology ,latest phones and the most expensive clothes. Well the child also had some dreams, he also had an aim in his life. If his mother and brother were open he never misused his independence, he was literally mature and people used to call him a ‘small man’. He was different from other children, he was all the time serious though used to have fun but not always he had less friends and didn’t go out of his house ever, he didn’t like anybody just home to tuition and tuition to school. He didn’t live like this, he was very fond of music . He learnt guitar and piano and was very fond of becoming a pilot and wanted to travel whole world and speak languages so he learnt Spanish and Arabic.

When the boy came in 8th, somewhere around his final exams he saw a girl and immediately fell in love with her but didn’t mention about it to anyone .Then in 9th that girl came in his corridor, he used to see her daily but he was mature and calm and at the same time  extremely shy to talk to her, so he sent her a friend request she accepted it but never replied to any of his messages but after 3 months they starting talking day and night sometimes even 22 hours in a day they chatted. Both were in love but never told to each other . The girl was a good singer they both used to sing some romantic songs together.

1 day she deactivated her account without telling him. After 2 months one fine day the transport was not available after school and there was not even a single person on the road and the girl was standing quiet far , both of them came closer and closer and it started raining .The boy asked the reason for her deactivation, she told the reason and then she came home and that girl activated her account and sent him message-“everything seems so soothing after rain” both of them had a favorite season.

That day they talked a lot around 12000 messages, the girl also didn’t have father in her life so both used to discuss it and one day both cried together missing their fathers. They were very similar, had some attraction for each other and then after sometime boy went to tell his inner feelings but something strange happened, she left. The reason is she left was because both of them were from different religion. After this incident the boy didn’t talk to any girl.

He came in 11th his life became harder. He still continued like before he used to study a lot in 11th .Then in June a girl came in his life, for the sake of a dare they came in relationship and for 2 months they dated then the boy broke up cause the girl was extremely over possessive and he was suffering from typhoid too , so he got even more frustrated .

He started missing the earlier girl in life but didn’t do anything, he still became friend with the new girl but then after their major exams boy felt something for the new girl and felt guilty what he did wrong. He came back in relationship with that girl again and both were in love infinitely. They again dated one month later his mother cried and told him that Son do hard work on life make a name like your father, I have a loads of hopes from you .

The boy also cried and said the girl to again breakup ,but that breakup was of only 3 days cause the boy thought that girl came in his way but in fact that girl used to support him soon he realized it and made the girl so happy to the fullest gave her extreme happiness till the way he could do.

And still both are happily living the 11th month of their relationship. Both understand each other,help each other,love each other.

 That’s how life is it can turn over anytime just be brave enough to face .

–END–

