Love Short Story – By the Gulf

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

The gulf mist flourished its scent across the streets of Gulf Shores, Alabama. The day was a hot one, but that was far from out of the ordinary. It was nothing short of 98 degrees, and we don’t mean the 90’s boy band. It was hot, and so was the visual aid I had standing in front of me. I had never expected for him to be exactly what I had been dreaming about for so long.

The gentle caress of his hand on my cheek. Gently pushing back the fallen strands of hair. We sat safely in the comfort of his air conditioned car. The heat cascaded in waves all around us, but we paid little mind. Our eyes were stuck to each others like glue. We couldn’t look away. Almost is if we feared that we may both disappear in time if we did.

It was cut so short, and our relationship started at the moment. Ending only a week later. The fighting had just begun, tears were shed. He had no time for me. He had no time for our future, or any possibilities that could have been. The man swore he felt the same as he had that day, but knew that our love could never be discovered. That time wasn’t on our sides.

There I sat, in the camper of a kind soul. My eyes flooding with tears, and the memories of our one day together creating everlasting pain within my heart. I couldn’t bare it. I contemplated suicide. I contemplated ways to end it all, but knew I’d never be strong enough to go through with it. It had been love at first sight for me, and now I was left with nothing. I was an empty shell.

The days passed, we returned to my grandparents home in Missouri. Only to find that we were not welcome there. They forced us into doing all of their laundry, dishes, and taking care of their neighbors homes. They sometimes left us with little food, and refused to let us have any time to ourselves. Napping was against the rules, at least for us.

My mother, and I had little hope of life. We saw no future for one another, and when I really wanted nothing more than to be with him one last time. It happened. My phone lit up like a firework, and the one thing I wanted most suddenly crept its way back into my life. Forcing himself onto me, but with loving arms.

I knew then that I loved him. That despite only having known each other for a little while. He was who I wanted. I set my family, and friends aside to go after what I wanted. To follow my dreams, and desires for once. Not caring for the blessing of others, though receiving from those that truly believed in me.

I returned to the Gulf, and with a smile on my face I became reacquainted with the love of my life. Our future together was on clear, and the possibilities were endless. Our days were short, and nights even shorter. Soon enough he seemed to distance himself again, and shutting down his feelings. Pushing me away, and forcing me to either be friends with him or nothing more.

Without much of a choice I accepted friendship, but my insides were broken once more. He had spent so much time destroying me that I wasn’t sure if I could be rebuilt. I tried to find someone new. Someone to love me, but knew that the only man that loved me was the man that didn’t want me anymore. I had moved across states to be with him, and he seemed to ignore the feelings he had for me.

It wasn’t long again before he realized how much he missed me. Just before my birthday on the third of July. We fell for one another, and spent a week together in the comfort of his mother’s home. She had been away for the fourth at his sister’s home. We had many lovely nights, and our bond grew stronger.

We went to parks, jammed out to Billie Jean, and rolled around in the sheets as if we’d never get the chance again. Here we are, happy, falling in love, and for once we seem to be keeping ourselves in line. I always have the thoughts in the back of my head. Will he change his mind? Will I ever be enough for him? There’s no real way to answer this question except with time. If we’re meant to be we will find a way. Our love will glow with the Gulf, and shine down upon those nearest to us. We will forever be one.

__END__

