Short Love Story of a Girl – My love story!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Hello, to start with a bit about myself.

My name is Christina, I of Moldov, me 22 years. I want to tell you my story of love, at times on a sheet of paper doesn’t transfer all the senses and for me to write but I’ll try.

7 years ago in one of the evenings of weekends I with girlfriends decided to vyiti to the disco, we had fun laughing about not thinking I lived in the small village of Valea peržei, show the young guys in there pojskah brides, girlfriends friends all young hot, we sat at the bar, suddenly the company guys came into the bar I had not paid account but there among these guys was the one who still does not go out of my heart, these guys decided to sit down with us at the table had to meet, we were not against because we were without the guys we met neither the skem.

I looked up and met his gaze, and then something woke up here. I thought he was so handsome that the finest me humble with the first seconds, like to snuggle up to his chest so I don’t shine I wanted to love and be loved. “I really liked the collections we met, talked for a while at the end of the evening he suggested me home I was not against He took me by the hand through the ground provalûs′ I thought it was so nice, by the way I ask about yourself, he took my phone number and we said goodbye.

To sleduŝii the day he did not go out of my head, I was thinking about it and nothing more, and suddenly during the day, he called and invited to meet. I was not against Indeed, we loved each other, we met every day, incessantly chattering, but then came the days of misunderstanding, jealousy, resentment and all gradually ended, we became less it stopped ringing and pain in my heart it is still in my heart won’t utehaet because nastoâŝeâ love does not pass.

We stopped to meet and I met my current husband, we liked each othe.r it is 12 years older than me but that’s not the prigrada for relationships. My parents were against this marriage, but I still got married. Now, we have a son 2 years and like the time passed like everyone picked their way but it is not I have found happiness away from each other as in a Dali. I don’t know why everyone is so over, we now communicate in social networks, it is not love but strongly suggests that misses us in those days when we were happy.

Perhaps I do not have the right to think about the past because my husband was always there and in sorrows and joy and I’m thinking about it. I just live by looking at his photo and koryu myself for not kept their love and not sought it, I just want to say to all of you who reads this letter neither lovers throw , goodbye love, appreciate and do not miss it then you will regret all your life, the train will not wait as they say so I wish you didn’t know razočerovaniâ in love.

Sincerely yours Christina Pridorožnova

***

