LLC02: Love Letter after Decades

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

The first time I’d talked to him was in a dream, when we’d shaken hands and introduced ourselves, and I hadn’t been quaking like a dead leaf in a gale. I’d seen him many times in the college campus, laughing with his buddies, a twinkle in his eyes as he looked in my direction, while I looked down, unable to meet his gaze. I desperately wanted to talk to him. There was something very, very intimidating about him, and I knew I just 

 to know him.

So I did. I summoned all the strength that flickered in me, and talked to him one day. To me, that day marked the beginning of the nine most beautiful years of my life. Till then, I’d only existed, with my huge nerd glasses and braided hair making me another face in the crowd, no one special. But he showed me how to 

. My best friend. Rahul.

I know I started off talking about all the tension and the 

 frenzy that comes with having a crush on someone. But when we got to know each other, we became best friends, and my feelings for him took a backseat to our friendship. He was charismatic and charming, and everyone in our college knew him, mainly for three things-His good looks, which he used rather cleverly to cakewalk his way into the hearts of men and women alike; his smartness, which he proved through his grades as well as the way he spoke; and his lust for adventure. He was absolutely insane about bike racing, and there was nothing I could do to quench his thirst for that adrenaline rush.

Rahul was undoubtedly a ladies’ man. Something I hated very much, but never told anyone about it, especially him, because I didn’t want him to know. I couldn’t hold a candle to the women he dated, not when I was a matchstick figure with jutting elbows and a tomboyish appearance. I didn’t wear seven layers of make-up like they did, and I doubt I could have worn those heels and not tripped at least once. So I didn’t even try. It was obvious that Rahul liked his biker babes, and not bookish, antiquarian little me. So I assumed the next best role after 

– Best friend.

The one event that I would never forget in my entire life, is prom night. I was supposed to go with my Bio lab partner, but he called sick in the last minute, and I had no date. I’d felt so humiliated, as I lay on my couch, holding tissue boxes in my hand and crying my heart out. I called Rahul because I just 

 to tell someone about it, and the next minute, he was at my door, wearing a tux and holding a bouquet of roses in his hand. I think he’d already asked someone else out for prom, but I was too caught up in my dilemma to have asked that day. Prom, to this day, has never been as enchanting and magical as that. Because he was always there for me, my best friend. He put me first, and made sure I had everything I ever wanted, everything I could ever want. I still remember how he held me as I cried in his arms when my boyfriend broke up with me. He told me that he was a jerk for letting me go, but I don’t think I was listening to half of what he said. Because all I could do was count the colours in his eyes and wonder what it would be like to be his girl. I was truly mesmerized.

Six years have passed now, and I’m holding a letter in my hands, addressed to…me. It looks very similar to the letters I have stacked inside my cupboard, all written to Rahul, but never sent. I’m twenty-seven now, and live alone in a small apartment that my mom calls a makeshift excuse for a home. But I like it here, because it’s closer to my job, and closer to Rahul’s native place, where he spent his childhood making mud pies and riding bicycles.

The letter came this afternoon, and the tears have started coming the moment I opened it. I think I’d know his handwriting anywhere, especially the way he jots his i’s and forgets to dot his j’s. It used to irritate me when we were in college, but now it’s the only thing that’s holding me together-The sweet memories.

I look down slowly, and forget to wipe my tears as I begin to read.

I stood there like a statue, holding the letter close to my heart, my eyes shut tight as I prayed to God I wouldn’t fall. I thought about all the letters that were waiting to be sent, lying safely in my cupboard, and shuddered. If he was a coward, then I have no idea what I am. I held it tighter to myself, and cradled it in my arms, trying to block the flood of memories that bludgeoned me. I was wishing he’d be with me at the moment, to tell me in person, but that was never going to happen. He was right. It 

 too late.

Because I knew three things about him since yesterday that were embedded in my mind like the writings on a gravestone. Three things that I will never forget till the day I die. Three things that, no matter how hard I try, will always haunt me in my nightmares.

Three things about him….

He wrote me a love letter, went to a bike racing event immediately after that, and lost his life when his bike slipped on the first lap.

__END__

-Megha Haridhya

