Love Story – The Fight Club

Photo credit: 

 from 

Pushpak Express arrived at Dadar station. A 16 year old girl got down from it, her name was Rani. She had come here from Jhansi. She had run away from her home. She was a little scared being alone in a new city. She didn’t even have any luggage with her. She roamed around the shops in Dadar in search of some work. Some people straight away refused her while there were a few who looked at her with bad intentions.

Then she met Munna, Munna saw her and he knew instantly knew that this girl has not eaten for a while, he took her to a restaurant near by and ordered food for her.

“I can find you a job and can provide you with a place to stay too but I can pay you Rs. 2,000 only monthly. If you agree then you can start working from today itself” said Munna.

Rani felt that Munna is a decent person, and having no other options she agreed with his offer as he was going to provide her with a place to stay too. It was a Saturday. Munna took Rani to a Fight Club. When Rani reached there she was surprised at what she saw. From outside what looked like an old deserted factory, inside it was a Fight Club built. There was a parking lot also inside.

In the centre of the factory there was a huge ring. Around that ring Rani saw many young men and women practicing for the fight. There were seats around the ring where spectators could seat in. Rani was provided the work of cleaning the ring area. Munna told her that she only needed to work here on Saturday’s and Sunday’s as fights were carried on these 2 days only. Munna was a bookie at this place. He brought his fighters here to fight and he used to take bets on them. According to their wins and loss he used to earn money. He told Rani that during week days she was free to take any other job. He also provided her with a place to stay.

Rani started working as a salesgirl from Monday to Friday in a company and during the weekend she worked at the Fight Club. She enjoyed watching people practicing at the Fight Club. One day she stayed back after cleaning to watch the fights. She was surprised to know that these fighters could earn upto Rs. 5,000 for each fight. Next day when she reached there she found that the place was deserted. She entered the ring and started to act like the fighters. Munna arrived there and saw Rani in the ring; he quietly sat in a corner watching her. As soon as Rani saw him there she got down from the ring and started doing her cleaning.

“I saw you in the ring. There’s an aggression in you that is required to become a fighter. If you are interested in becoming a fighter, I can ask Riya ma’am to train you, but it’s going to cost you money” said Munna.

“I’m from Jhansi and you must be knowing the history of Jhansi’s Queen. You please talk to that ma’am about the training” replied Rani.

Rani left the cleaning work. Now on Saturdays and Sundays she started practicing with Riya ma’am. Riya initially concentrated on increasing Rani’s fitness and weight. Then she started training her with the moves. Her training went on for around 8 months. A month after finishing her training, Rani got her first chance to fight. Her opponent was an established fighter. Seeing Rani many found her to be a kid in front of her opponent. People betted heavily on her opponent’s victory. Munna warned Rani about her opponent and told her that this was her chance to make a name in this ring.

The fight began. Munna stood there to support Rani and to collect the bets. The fight was quite different from people’s expectations. Rani did not give up easily. She tried to match up with her opponent’s skills. The fight which lasted much longer than the peoples expectations finally ended with her opponent’s victory. At one moment the people who had betted for her loss were worried of loosing their money. Munna was not much affected with Rani’s loss, as the way Rani had fought today, he was sure that he has found a champion fighter. Rani received her Rs. 5,000 for her fight. She was very delighted.

2 weeks later Rani got her 2

 chance to fight. This time people were confused whom to bet on. Even though Rani had lost her 1

 fight, the way she fought was still in the memories of these people. Today again Rani fought with her full might and gained an upper hand initially but in the later stage she made a few mistakes due to which she sprained her leg. The opponent saw this opportunity and attacked on her weakness. Rani lost this fight too. This time Rani and Munna both were disappointed. Munna suggested Rani to take a break of 1 month and that she take a further training from Riya so that she does not commit such mistakes.

Rani took a break and was again ready to face the challenge after one month. This time she looked a different Rani to all. She was more confident and eager to fight. Today she had an aggression in her to win the fight. She was easily able to win this fight. This followed with a series of wins for her. She was now a famous fighter of this club. Now Rani’s fight was with the first opponent she had faced. Rani was very confident about wining this time. Munna warned her that as they both have fought previously too, her opponent would be aware of Rani’s weakness. So he adviced Rani of not taking her opponent lightly.

The fight went on for a long time and was a tough 1 indeed. Rani was finally able to defeat her oppenet. Munna was very happy and impressed. He gave Rani a reward of Rs. 10,000. Rani had now become the queen of this ring. Few years passed by. Rani was 23 now. There were women there who feared fighting with Rani. When Rani reached the Fight Club she came to know that her tonight’s fight is with a new fighter named Madhu. When Rani went to the washroom, there she found a beautiful woman standing there. Rani had never seen her before in this place. Rani asked her name. She replied her name was Madhu. Rani understood that she’s the one who’ll be facing her for tonight’s fight. She looked at Madhu and did not see any chances of her of winning the fight. Rani was feeling bad that she had to face this beautiful woman in today’s fight.

“You are new here, why do you want to fight?” Rani asked her.

“I’m in need of money. I want to earn money graciously and this is the only way to get it” Madhu replied.

“Why do you need the money? How much money are you going to get from this fight?” Rani asked.

“I’ll be getting Rs. 5,000 for the fight and if I win I’ll be paid Rs. 8,000. My brother is admitted in the hospital. He has no one other than me in this world. I need money for his treatment” Madhu replied.

Rani was laughing in her mind hearing that she would be paid Rs. 8,000 for winning the fight. They then departed. Rani found Madhu very attractive and honest. Then she thought about Madhu’s reqirement of money. Today Rani realized that after coming from Jhansi she had changed a lot. She had become very rigid from outside as well as inside. Today she felt that an emotional side of her is still alive inside her.

The fight’s announcement was made. Rani reached the ring. Madhu was surprised to see Rani in the ring. Rani started to taunt her. She started to remind Madhu about the need of money. Madhu got aggressive and punched Rani in her stomach. Rani got imbalanced from the punch, but managed to stand still. Rani came to know that Madhu won’t be able to fight for long. Rani teased Madhu wheather she has guts to hit her face, to which Madhu hit Rani on her face. This time Rani could feel a little pain. Rani then teased her to attack her on the stomach to which Madhu readily hit. It was as if today Rani was enjoying getting hurt. Rani would allow Madhu to attack her and in between would hit her but with a less force. People were shocked seeing Rani loosing to a new fighter. Finally Rani fell on the ground and the refree counted till 10.

Munna understood that Rani had purposely lost the fight. What Munna failed to understand was why Rani gave up her match for a stranger. Munna had to suffer a huge loss that day, but he never made any realization of it to Rani. He even tried to pay Rani for the fight, which Rani refused to take. Madhu saw all this. She knew now that Rani had purposely lost the fight. When Rani came out of the fight club, she saw Madhu was waiting for her. Madhu thanked her and with tears in her eyes she hugged Rani. “Today because of you my brother is getting the treatment and also I was saved from a fighter’s beatings.”

They both started to smile. “You would want to rush to your brother now; shall I drop you to the hospital?” Rani asked.

“Thanks, I just spoked to him, he’s a lot better now. My friend was here with whom I sent the money and was waiting here to thank you” Madhu replied.

“If you have time then we can have a coffe together?” Rani asked.

Madhu agreed on the condition that she’ll be paying the bill. Rani agreed with it. They both had coffee and chatted along. They both exchanged their mobile numbers. Rani told Madhu about her challenge match coming up next week. Her fight was with an international player Jullian about whom she did not know anything. Rani invited Madhu to watch her fight. Madhu promised her that she’ll definitely come.

Rani was waiting impatiently for Saturday. She was more anxious about meeting Madhu rather than her fight. Days passed by slowly and finally Saturday arrived. Rani started moving towards the ring. Her eyes were searching for Madhu. She could not find her anywhere. Rani was sure that madhu will fulfill her promise. Fight was about to begin now. Both the opponents were made to shake hands. For the first time Rani had a look of Jullian. When they shooked hands that time Rani realized Jullian was a tough contender. Rani was ready to face all challenges; she was just hoping that Madhu would come. Fight started and from the start itself Julian had an upper hand. Rani tried to attack her in between but was not getting the chances.

Suddenly Rani saw Madhu coming. There was a smile on Rani’s face now. Now Rani’s full focus was on the fight. Now the fight was between 2 equals. Being their local champ, all were cheering for Rani, although in between their mind did get the scares of her defeat. Madhu was finding difficult to see Rani taking the beating. She used to close her eyes in between when Rani was being attacked and would cheer when Rani took the charge. Finally Rani was able to defeat Jullian with great difficulty. Both the opponents looked at each other with respect and shook hands once again. Rani had bruise marks on her face and also on other parts of her body. Rani was taken inside a room, Munna also followed her. Munna helped her with the dressings of her wounds. When Rani came out she saw Madhu waiting for her.

Madhu was in a state of rage. “Why do you risk your life for money?” Madhu asked.

“You very well know the answer. If we want to earn lots of money and that too graciously then this is the only way for us illiterate people. Actually now I don’t do these fights for only money. Now I love being a winner. I do all it takes for a win. I love it when people cheer for me” Rani answered.

Madhu did not reply anything. They both went to seashore. They sat on the sand feeling the cool breeze and started talking, today Rani wanted to talk to her the whole night. She told Madhu her secret about which no one else knew.

“After a few years that I was born my father had expired. My mother had got remarried. My step father was not a nice man. He used to beat me for paltry reasons. My mother used to work as a maid in many homes. My father had left his job and used to drink alcohol all the time. He used to harras my mom for money. When I was 14 my mom expired. My father removed me from school and he made me work at a woman’s home. Whatever I used to earn he used to spend it all on alcohol.

One night when I was 16 I was sleeping in my home. He came in fully drunked and he tried to rape me. I tried to save myself, I found an empty alcohol bottle which I broke and used the pointed edge to insert it in his stomach. He started to shout in pain, I got up and ran from there without looking back if he was dead or alive. From that day I have lost trust on men. I came here and then became a fighter. In these fights I try to calm myself” Rani replied.

After hearing Rani’s story there was tears in Madhu’s eyes. “If I would have been in your place, maybe I’ll have done the same thing” Madhu said. Rani wanted time to stop there and that they sit there and talk all the while. Madhu looked very beautiful in the moonlight. Madhu told her that she has to leave now as her brother would be waiting for her. Rani asked her if she could accompany her to her place, to which Madhu replied that they stayed in the opposite direction so it will be very hectic for Rani and as Rani would be very tired she wanted her to head straight away home and rest.

