Love Short Story – It’s Now My Life (The Afterlife)

It’s Now My Life (The Afterlife) – A Love Story

To understand this story, you need to read the first part  “ 

”

Some people believe that ghosts are real. People claim that they can detect the presence of ghosts using EVP( Electronic Voice Phenomenon) and EMF(Electro magnetic Frequency)Detectors. Their energy radiations can be visible on the screen. Heard of the term, ‘telepathy’? Telepathy is how we communicate with one another with out using our sense organs. Does it really work?

There is a certain force or energy which reaches the information to whom we think has to be reached. Those radiations reach to the person where ever they are. As we get near to the person , the radiations can be felt heavier. No doubt you feel a person even before he appears. This is how we claim what is telepathy. Well, this works out well for the living. Does this apply for the dead too?

*****

It is 6 years after Kiran’s death. Kiran’s brother, Kishore grew up to be a leading research scientist at IIT Kanpur. His life was so smooth, except for the guilt of his brother’s suicide. He used to often think about his brother, the little fights he made, the fear to talk to him. His mother also used imagine about how Kiran would be now, as a married man. Had he been alive. Sigh.

Kiran could not sleep peacefully. His soul was not in peace. There was something bothering him. Something was pestering him. He forced opened his eyes. A small light was approaching him from a distance. The light grew bigger and bigger as it approached near him. Soon it engulfed him as his eyes could see only the light.

Now the light intensity began to reduce. His visibility began to reappear. There he was . In the land of living. And in his own house. A few steps away from kitchen.

Mom was busy making something. Kiran went near the door. He prayed,”Hope the door was fully open. I want to see her.”

CREEEEEKKKK. Next moment the door opened wide. Kiran stopped moving further.

Mom turned back to see the door. A cool breeze blew on her face. She left thinking it was the wind.

Kiran was taken aback by that mental control . He continued moving near the kitchen door.

Suddenly mom stopped cooking. She raised her head up and closed her eyes for some time. May be she felt some thing. She took a deep breathe.

Kiran could feel the force stronger. His mom started thinking about him. She wiped her tears and continued her work. Tears rolled down Kiran’s face too.

“Oh I miss my mom. But , ….I feel light. Some what…… better. So these are bond forces.” , cried Kiran.

He was happy he could get a chance to meet his mom again.

“But there is some other force pulling me. It must be …..Kishore….. ya my big boy.” Kiran said to himself.

Kiran travelled up Kishore in no time. He stood outside the big window of Kishore’s room. Kishore was drinking water near the curtain.

His younger brother, for whom he had left his life, is now in a very big position, a research scientist. Kiran aimed to become one from his child hood. He felt contented. His sacrifice had a result now. He closed his eyes and prayed a thanks to god,” I hope I talked to him, but any ways I am fine. Thank you God.”

Suddenly a glass broke.

Kishore opened his eyes. The curtains had opened wide because of the wind.

There stood Kishore with his mouth wide open and shocked. He saw some thing standing outside the window. Transparent. And looking at him. Face he could never forget. His brother . Kiran.

“Oh. Boy. He can see me? Was I not supposed to invisible?” thought Kiran.

Kishore lay half unconscious on the floor. He gathered his courage to get up again and see if he had seen some thing true.

Kiran walked through the window inside.

“I know you saw me Kishore. Don’t panic. I am not going to eat you up. Just get up.” said Kiran very softly.

Kishore’s heart was beating fast, but the next moment he could not believe what he saw. His own brother , from the grave , as a ghost.

He rushed to Kiran and fell down before him.

Kishore cried ,“I am so sorry brother. So sorry …. I did not mean anything. ….I had no intentions…. Why did you ……”

“Shhhhh. … Relax…. Just relax…relax…. now… Answer me. Can you really see me?” Kiran questioned.

“Are you ghost? I can see ghost?” Kishore in his half mental stage.

“I am dead. What do you expect me to be? “ Kiran tried his maximum to be in a casual way.

Kishore got convinced he is seeing his brother’s ghost. He knew his brother wont harm him. He went closer to his brother and hugged him. A cold hug.

He never hugged once when Kiran was alive. Well, what to say. We come to know the importance of a thing only after it’s gone.

There were lot of things to discuss. Kishore talked to Kiran about every thing. They both laughed and shared a lot. They never had this type of bonding. Brothers bonding. Kiran shared to Kishore about his force , dragging and energy presence.

“Ahhhhh… I am so happy ,boy….Now I understand why I was brought here. Wow. I am completely free. No more dragging . No more force. I can peacefully sleep now. I mean R.I.P.” Kiran chuckled.

“Please Bro. Don’t say that. Be safe. I ll always miss you. Do not forget me.” said Kishore waving his hand.

Kiran waved his hands back. “Good bye Kishore baby”. And he waited for some sign to take him back to his grave.

Suddenly he turned back at Kishore , holding his heart and said ,

“Kishore. There is some one else.”

“How could some one else possibly be there? Is it dad?” queried Kishore.

“If so why am I beamed here? I could meet him back there itself.”

“ Who are you?. Why are you calling me? Where are you?” Kiran questioned at that force.

Kishore started his car. The radiations were wide spread . Kiran could not concentrate them. He could not give a trace of the forces.

As they neared their old college, the forces grew more strong.

“I feel it, I feel it! More concentrated now. Go inside the college!” said Kiran suddenly.

Kishore made a steep U-turn and entered into the college. It was a Friday evening. So students were leaving to their native places.

“Here . Here it is.” shouted Kiran.

“Where? Who?” Kishore turned all sides as he stopped his car.

“It was here . I knew. There was a voice. I could here some voice. But , n…..now I can’t hear it any more..” But some where near I know….lets get inside college.” said Kiran.

They searched the entire college. Kiran’s force waves were decreasing.

“Think he is not here. Lets go out and search.” said Kishore.

As they approached the entrance gate, Kiran said,” Stop. …Is this the way to railway station?” pointing to the right.

“Yes it is. But why?” asked Kishore.

“I think I heard the sound of a train stopping….” said Kiran. Both looked at each other.

Kishore geared up the car. Kiran was long gone to railway station.

Kishore reached the railway station. Without knowing where to go whom to search he started running and searching. Suddenly he saw Kiran staring at him resting himself on the wall. No one else could see him. Except Kishore.

“Any clue?” Kishore asked as he gasped for fresh air.

Kiran pointed his eyes to a lady.

All alone in the platform sat a lady in sari. She looked pale for her age. Bit dull ,yet serene.

“She? The lady in the sari? She called you? Who is she? How do you know her?” questioned Kishore.

“I swear on God. I don’t know her. I have never seen her in when i was alive and dead. How does she know me?”

“ wait wait. She is talking now. To me. I can hear……going to native now…. be with me….catch my hands…. lets eat chips…. ”

“ I mean she is actually talking to me. But I don’t know her. “ said Kiran scratching his head.

Kishore went up to her to and introduced, “ Hi. My name is Kishore. …. And I am also Kiran’s younger brother.”

She looked up suddenly. Chills ran down her body. Her eyes looked here and there. As if she has done some mischief.

“Why do you talk to my brother? He does not know you. Who are you? He can not rest in peace just because you call him.” shouted Kishore.

“Oh my God. Did he see my diary? How come he knew about me talking to you, Kiran?” the girl cried as she thought.

“Kishore , the diary. Some thing is there in it.” shouted Kiran.

Kishore grabbed the diary from that girl. She resisted but ,not more than him. He took the diary as he lastly walked browsing for a clue towards Kiran.

Suddenly he stopped and stared at the diary. Kiran joined to see. He got stunned too.

A collage photo of Kiran from the school magazine 6 years before and the girl’s photo neatly joined together using glue. Kiran looked at the girl.

Images flashed before him. During his college days, his friends used to tell him, that there was a girl who used to follow him always. But since he was a studious student, he never cared about that. He could now see himself in front of where he walked previously. He searched that girl. There she came out from behind the tree and walked just behind her. In every image he could see, he was doing something and there was a girl just long behind.

“Please give it back.” She cried.

“Can you explain?” Kishore pointed at the diary and asked.

She grabbed her diary and held her close to her heart. She cried as she explained.

“My name is Shruthi. I am a assistant lecturer at the same college where I studied. I loved Kiran very much. But hesitated to tell him. I could not. I used to follow him every where for nearly 2 years, but hiding from him. At least, I could see him from a distance….. But suddenly he was no more. I could not recover from that loss…. So i created him from a piece of my imagination. I talked with him. He laughed with me, wiped my tears. …We got married. Every thing I created in my mind.. and that is how I am leading my life for the past 8 years. I never told this to any one… But… how did you know?” she asked.

Kishore looked at Kiran surprisingly. Kiran was staring at the train tracks. He knew why he was here … and what to do too.

Train approached fastly near the platform. Kiran prayed,” I hope I take ‘my wife’ with me.”

Suddenly the climate changed. The wind began to blow harder. Shruthi lost her balance and tripped to the rails. Just as she fell down, the train which came fast hit her.

“Nooooooo….” shouted Kishore.

Kiran was suddenly disturbed by the light behind his back. The same light which brought him here. The light now shined brighter as it came near him. Some one caught his hand.

It was Shruthi. She smiled and looked at him.

Kiran smiled back at her and said ,“ Welcome to my home! My wife.”. As he finished, the light engulfed both of them.

__END__

