Love Short Story – The playboy

Photo credit: 

 from 

Deepak looked at the girl behind the counter. He went to pay his bill.

“300 rupees”,she retorted looking at Deepak and gave a bright smile.

” What a smile dear, it stole my heart……”, he said to the girl.

” Sir excuse me?”

” I will do everything for you …..”

The girl smiled again. It was morning and not many customers had come into her shop as yet.

” Can I have your number darling?”, Deepak asked.

” Yes sure,” the girl blushed and gave her card.

” Your name?”

“Pihu Malhotra”

” I am Deepak Shaw”

They smiled one last time and left the shop.

 

“You can sit here”, Deepak told to the young girl standing beside him in the public bus and stood up. The girl took her seat and said ” Thank you”

” Its completely my pleasure”, Deepak smiled.

The girl said ” No need to flirt with me ”

“Who said i am flirting?” Deepak said and thought to himself it would be difficult to woo this girl.

” Mister Whoever, This is the nature of all the guys round here.”

” I am not like other boys, trust me. I have a very sad story.”

” Oh really?”

“Yes , the girl i loved passed away a few months back,” Deepak wiped a tear which came out of his eyes”

” Oh sorry”

” Since then I am alone……”

” Never mind, this is my regular route. My stop is near. Good bye, hope to meet you again, ” She smiled.

” Your name young lady?”

” Vishakha Rao”

 

” Are you ready darling?”, shouted Deepak.

” Yes baby.”, his wife came out of the dressing room.

” You are looking dashing dear, lets go.”

” Yes we are already late, the movie is going to start in 30 minutes”

And they left for the theatre.

After returning home after the movie, Deepaks wife, Sia went to sleep. Deepak was standing in the balcony. His phone rang.

” Hello Mr. Deepak?”

” Yes Doctor?”

” How was the day?”

” Quite good…”

” Nice, As you know your wife is having Multiple Personality Disorder, you must be more carefull in handling her.”

” Can you tell me doctor how did this happen?”

” Yes I can . She shows two personalities more than her own. Pihu and Vishakha. You know that Pihu was the name of her own sister who died even before Sia’s birth. Vishakha was her best classmate in kindergarten who she misses a lot because they were separated due to family problems”

” Ok Doctor, good night”, Deepak said in a heavy tone.

” Deepak how long can you do this everyday drama?”

” This is love. I can love Sia in every personalities. I can revive her to her own self. I can do this everyday. Because she is the girl I love. “, Deepak cut the call.

The next morning Deepak entered the shop and said ” Hi pihu ”

” Hi Deepak what would you buy today?”, Pihu smiled.

__END__

