LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

It was Abhijeet Singh and Priya’s seventh anniversary party. Their lavish apartment in Delhi was throbbing with friends and well wishers. Their chatter echoed in all the rooms. The smell of fried paneer and chicken hung in the air.

As the night thickened and the crowd waned down,Abhijeet decided to relax a little with a glass of scotch. When the last guest had left he made his peg and went down to change. Priya changed and went off to sleep.

“Good night dearie”,he called out as he settled with his glass in front of the laptop.

“Good night” replied Priya’s sleepy voice.

Abhijeet opened his laptop and proceeded to check his mails. As soon as he opened the inbox the name of the sender glared back at him………’Abhiroopa Roy’. With shaking hands he opened the mail.

 

 

Abhijeet shut the laptop. His looked out at the thick, dark night. Memories that he had treasured all these years safely in his heart came flooding back to him. Abhiroopa Roy, 5 ft, 1 inch., medium built, dusky complexion and dark eyes..Chhutki…that’s what he called her lovingly. She looked like a kid and spoke like a grandmom. A little crazy,very emotional and a little unpredictable. Abhijeet tried to think why he fell in love with her. But could of think of no good reason.All these years….but memories were as fresh as ever. His friends had all blamed him for cheating her…..everybody except her. Somehow she understood her. Or did she? He held his head back and let closed his eyes. He had no way of knowing the truth. Only he knew how helpless he was at that time.

Abhijeet recalled his marriage to Priya. He did not even care to see her photograph back then. Then they had met just before their marriage. after being forced by his parents. Priya…..the beautiful,coy,traditional,religious,north Indian girl……just the kind of girl his parents wanted. So unlike Abhiroopa…….his half crazy,half wild Abhiroopa. He could not fall for her. But somehow through these years he had grown to depend on her. He missed a well cooked meal and orderly home when she went visiting her parents. After his marriage his idea of love had all changed. Then after Nini his daughter was born everything changed. Yet he still thought of her,thought of their evenings together. How she taught him to make the perfect peg, how they did their assignments together,went for bike rides on Saturday evenings,made chicken together on Sundays. He has taught himself to eat fish nowadays but they do not have it often because Priya does not like the smell.

He let out a deep sigh and walked back to the bedroom. His wife looked so happy and peaceful in her sleep. All these seven years they have played the ideal couple. How would she react if she knew that he still missed Abhiroopa? He did not want to think about it. It was useless. He set the alarm. Next day he had a meeting and needed to leave early for office. He just slid beside Priya and shut his eyes.

__END__

