Love Short Story – The Book that Weighed a Kilo

Photo credit: 

 from 

There is a calming silence all around. A chilly breeze rustles the trees. Grey clouds hang ominously. But he does not notice the unfriendly weather. He stands there wrapped up in warm clothes, holding a bunch of white lilies — her favourite. With his eyes filling up, he moves closer to where she now is.

He remembers clearly the day he had first seen her at the library, reading a book that could possibly weigh a kilo. He went on looking for a book on philosophy, completely oblivious to her secret glances. She was an average young woman, slightly stout with nothing that would immediately catch his attention. He seemed somewhat perplexed amidst the walls of books, something she found highly amusing. Being the only other person around, he approached her for directions.

A few days after their initial acquaintance, she had told him that he looked exactly like her first husband. It turned out he was her first and her last. Three months later, they had exchanged wedding vows at a small countryside chapel.

40 years have gone by since that day, but he still loves her just as much as he did then. It begins it drizzle mildly, but it does not bother him. He goes on to lay the white lilies on her grave.

It was a cold stormy night. Powerful winds had caused a power failure. It was past midnight. She awoke to investigate a loud crashing sound she had heard downstairs. She was unable to see the rain water that leaked through the roof on of the staircase. She slipped and fell head first. As the morning dawned calmly, his life turned upside down when he found her motionless at the end of the staircase.

He now walks hurriedly away from the graveyard. It’s raining, and he needs to return home for dinner. His second wife is his inspiration in life, but she has never been able to replace the love he once had. The book that could possibly weigh a kilo continues to sit next to his rocking chair to this day.

__END__

