Love Short Story – The Girl I Never Knew

Photo credit: 

 from 

Soon after our freshmen year, we, the sophomores, were eager to rag our juniors. We couldn’t do much as our seniors did, but still we enjoyed making our juniors sing and dance. I did enjoy teasing our juniors, until I saw HER.

I had a gut feeling it was her, but couldn’t believe it. These kind of stuff happened in movies. It was as though I saw a ghost. I literally felt my internal organs clashing against each other and creating a ruckus. I never thought that I would see her again. But there she was, well and alive, confident and exuberant. She is here, as though she didn’t have any other college and subject to specialize in. I couldn’t believe it the one who I thought was dead was right in front of me. I felt like getting even.

Funny part is that she too recognized me within seconds. She was shocked. Soon, she lost her confidence and exuberance. Her eyes stared at me as they filled themselves with tears. She was irritated as something I said ticked her off. Her eyes were cold as they saw me. She seemed to care nothing and walked off. But I saw her crying while walking home. We didn’t know anything about each other but it was pretty amazing that we recognized each other. I gathered little info on her but she didn’t even bother to look at me. She kept running away from me- ignoring me, avoiding me and literally running when she sees me. I tried reaching out to her a number of times but she paid scant heed.

One time, she gave in and confessed that it was in a moment of inefficiency and teenager’s stupidity that she wanted to be in a relationship and apologized so sincerely that I felt if she were to break into tears, I could get killed. So I let her off the hook. But, even then, she wouldn’t befriend me. She kept running away as though she was the victim while she hurt me and broke it off 5 years ago.

She was pretty much the same in appearance. But, there was something about her that didn’t feel the same. She smiled less and often had an indifferent expression. She used to smile more back then, her eyes were shining but now they were cold. She was like snow, pretty yet cold. It’s like a really good outlook but if you tick her, she’ll snap your neck in a glance.

One evening, I heard the terrifying news. She met with an accident and was no more.

A few days later, I visited her grave.

“

I gently bend my knees and touched her epitaph and apologized for hurting her and told her:

–END–

ABHIRAMI SRINIVAS

