Love Short Story – NO NAME TO DEFINE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Before I start writing this I was thinking where I met her for the first time in my life. It was college but I forgot the specific location, time and date might be the reason is I never thought why she entered into my life .I am thinking now because she is no more in my life.

I use to think a lot about this. What kind of a relation does a boy expects from a girl? I would feel that a question like this is an undefined form to make it define we need to use limits as just we use in mathematics. I feel that watching movie for the first time makes you bit excited because we don’t know what is the next scene .If you watch the same movie for the second time as you know how you feel ?

But for me the movie LOVE AND PAIN is third time . As the climax remains same for the different stories i feel its useless to describe my 3 Love stories . I met kavya krishnan after my third break up . kavya krishnan a routine girl of xyz qualities .I was completely irritated with this element called LOVE . I came to decision for myself that i am only a traveler for love .

As situations are bit common in our lives to meet a girl ,as well as exchanging phone numbers and chatting . kavya is really interested to define a name for our relation but i use avoid such things . I am happy with her being practical with girl solves 100 of your problems . But mean while in this journey i thought of having a sex with her and i explained her about my feelings . She has no response on my feelings but when ever and what ever i felt about her i explained it clearly that was the good part i feel for myself . As time passes there are some reasons for ourselves why we are far from each other.

The major problem i felt when i was in relation is . what can a girl can be for a boy other than relation that are available in market. Because i have seen each and every phase of relation in a single girl . I kisses her for my romantic feeling , I hold her hands for a support , I hug her to make her feel special for me . Every minute of time i spend ed with her is pure natural .

I never felt that i love her its just a relation in my life which i cant DEFINE NAME for it .

__END__

by s

