In life choices really matters. If you have given choices between religion and love, most of us select the former. If the choices are between parents and lover, the chances of both are 50 percent.

Padmapriya had gone through these choices and selected the latter from the two sets of choices. Our heroine is the eldest daughter of a Aravind Verma, who belongs to a Royal family in Hyderabad. No doubt, she belongs to a complete orthodox family. But her parents brought her up with all the freedom a girl would wish mainly because they loved and  believed her to the core.

One fine night Aravind got a call from Padmapriya who is studying her final year LLB in Christ College, Bangalore. She calls her father to ask blessings from him for her marriage that is going to happen the following day. The rest is what you can imagine. After so many what’s, why’s and how’s , Aravind announces the death of his eldest daughter and cut the phone call. As death creates a silence and gloominess in the atmosphere, this news made the home a hell. Nobody utter a word about her since then in their house.

In Bangalore, the condition was different. Celebrations have to be colourful, how?. All were in the mood of a celebration, except one. As you have rightly imagined, it was Padmapriya Verma who become Anna Roy from the very next day onwards. Her friends and Roy’s family are busy in arranging things for the ‘Big Day’.

Roy who was watching her closely take her hand and went to the balcony where he knows nobody will disturb them. She hugged him and cried with out making much noise. He ask her to calm down as there were lots of people around them and they may notice this. She explained her father’s reaction and the last words he had said which was simply like a knife piercing through her heart.

When she finished, Roy’s turn comes. He said, ‘Listen Piya, I never compelled you to marry me or even love me. It was you who proposed me first and even then I said a big NO , not because I didn’t love you but because I was conscious about the consequences. But you were adamant and didn’t allow me to leave from you and I can’t resist too long because I too loved you. After we decided to be with each other, I warn you to let your parents know the matter, but as usual you didn’t do it. You said you didn’t want to take a chance. If they know about things before hand , they will not allow you to be here in Bangalore. You are responsible for your choices, dear and you have to. Be bold at least to stay with what your mind says. Once again I am saying, you can leave me now, we shall stop all the arrangements, I will never blame you because I can understand you more than anybody.’

He went to check the program schedule of his marriage, not because of any urgency, but he thought it is better to leave her alone.

This is the sole reason that she fell in love with Roy. He always give value for other’s feelings more than his. She remembered a huge discussion from his parents’ side on converting Priya and he was the one who strongly protested against it and ask them to do the ceremony in register office. They pleaded to him to convert her just to do the rituals in church and gave permission to him to live as they like. They said it was their long time wish about her only son’s wedding.

‘What about her parents’ wishes mummy? She had spoiled all of their wishes just for me. She left her parents, siblings and home already. Now how can you ask her to leave her religion in which she born and brought up. How could her parents control their feelings if they know about her conversion? So please don’t open this topic again!’ This was Roy’s reaction.

His mother cautioned him she was not ready to attend their marriage if it is in register office. When Priya came to know about it , she simply said a ‘yes’ to conversion without even discussing the matter with Roy. When he asked her about it , she said she wanted the blessings from at least one family and told him that nothing of her is going to change after the conversion. She will be the same as before and the cerimonies of conversion are just to satisfy the church and make his parents happy. Priya even asked him what problem is their in doing something which will make so many people happy without affecting us. He warned her for being such a stupid who never attain maturity in thoughts. This is something Roy gets irritated in her character. She took decisions without a second thought. She is too impulsive and adamant. She will go to any extend to get what she wants and will cry for losing something else during the pursuit of her wishes.

Roy’s words made her to travel years back. Every thing he said was right. It was she who proposed him in between a friend’s bachelor party. She started observing this guy from the day she saw him and fell in love with him since she understand his heart was thousand times handsome than him. She used all the chances to interact with him. She became volunteer in Arts and Sports programmes in college just because he excelled in both. Soon they become friends. He also admired her qualities without knowing all her attempts are just to attract him. Slowly he also fell in love with her but didn’t show it because he knew the consequences that will follow and he really don’t want to hurt anybody.

A girl doesn’t need much to understand that a guy had fallen for her. When she realize it, she proposed him and his response (no) was not really convincing for her. So she followed him where ever he go. He relaxed when he left from the college but she was not at all in a mood to leave him. One day she asked him to meet her for one last time and give him two choices: to live a life with her or leave her to death. He understood how serious she was and the intensity of her love. He had to select the first choice as he had no other choice left.

Her chain of thoughts broke when she was called for dinner. After dinner, Roy went to her and asked about her final decision. She replied that her first decision itself is final and even though she is sad that she had to hurt her parents, she is happy too in one part of her heart as she is getting married to a gem of a person, a true gentleman. And more than that she don’t want to miss him for anything in the world.

This is the decision of a twenty year old girl. Love is the only thing in front of her which is definitely blind. Nobody can say it as right or wrong. May be she will regret for this decision, may be not. Who knows what fate brings her? But  the thing to be noted is you’re the only one responsible for your choices.

–END–

