A Girl with lot of principle is a boon or a sin?

Olden days always had restrictions and principles explained for girls alone.”Why boys have all the fun” is a style statement indeed but does it really matter and does it really count on anyone’s life and is there a girl with a combination of principle and independence? If there is she treated right?

Any gal for that matter needs to have a culture and principle doesn’t mean that she got to agree dominance of anyone around it has to be a perfect balance between perpetual phases of life and choosing right is not an easy task. Why should one chose right ? Humans are not gods for sure they tend to make mistakes why not learn from that and improve. Is choice of right a self-driven thought or a society restricted thought.  Here’s a small story which answers all the above questions.

Neither a fairy tale nor a real dramatic story it’s a combination of practical life and a message which answers issues of all youth today.

A girl is known for patience, sacrifice, love, care, forgiveness and all peaceful activities why not men are framed for the same was a simple small question of a cuddled little gal bought up with hell out of innocence and only restricted to her mom. Her mom is her role model not cause she was beautiful or well educated but she knew what is right and what is wrong to her daughter at all stages of life.

Even though pampered butterfly flew away from mom to get experience of the world who is today an independent women with an excelling career and happy with her profession. She also faced lot of challenges in her phases of life.

Every stage of her life was learning, her former question was well answered when she fell in love with a boy of her choice.

Things were well and good when they started, even with a number of differences both managed to take it off , the boy was matured enough than her so he realized that things weren’t working out for both. With no reasons both lost their happiness, small fights for silly reasons led to such an extent of losing self-respect and being selfless too.

Both took it in different scenario, she left home and he traveled abroad just to fix it but both failed, boy had seen life ahead so feared to take this relationship to next level meanwhile he didn’t wanted to lose a gal of principle and love. She never realized his thought process and most of times started conflicts with a thought that his dilemma has rejected me so he is finding faults in me.

Relationship came to a stage where she got hospitalized and he left with the consent of parents. Life was scattered into pieces, her career though kept her busy and his life though looked colorful there was an emptiness in both of them.

Both accepted the reality and tried their ultimate to move on. Is it that man-made society or the thoughts which are getting people to a dismay but gal will get down a step and accept life. She realized her small mistakes and repented and he realized what a loss his life had just for few misunderstanding which happened.

Life is weird to few people but so easy amongst few couple have anyone ever thought what is that which holds it upright?

Just acceptance is the ultimate form of love one can show to another. Life got them back after few months with an injured hand of his. Life got him into such a frustrated mode that he self-harmed himself and she has to take it. Now is the mode she should have taken responsibility for his happiness which again went on a toss cause her way of love was mentoring too which can never be accepted by any man on this earth.Things are right or wrong but the question is, have you been in the opposite favor or no. So her principles developed with pride was her prison in having him in her life. It is natural and learnt with experience which cannot be changed and he cannot accept her with what she is.

Love is happiness it’s not a prisonment so please let your partner live however he/she is. Love one with no conditions and live with them as it’s the last day ever. Ego, self-esteem, attitude doesn’t gain anything among your loved ones live for their happiness and love unconditional. No human is perfect expectation kills acceptance is the best form of love.

–END–

