The wedding preparations had kick started in the Nanda household as the most wanted bachelor in the film industry, Nisha Nanda finally announced her marriage with Arun Sharma. It was an arranged setup after several failed relationships that Nisha underwent. At the age of 42 , no man would like to date a fading beauty like her. The men whom she hooked up with were models ,popular actors and film producers. However, she was too sensitive to handle. Her selfishness actually led to the destruction of most her “affairs to remember”.

Tarun Nanda was worried about his aging daughter especially after his wife’s untimely death just after the birth of Nisha due to a major car accident. He never remarried and raised his only daughter like a perfect father. Nisha was very close to her father because of his caring nature. He allowed her to pursue acting as a career , gave her the freedom to choose boyfriends and even repaid all her loans whilst she was going through a bad phase in her career. Most of her relationships lasted for three or four months. She took all the men for granted and turned out to be a really possessive girlfriend. She was the silence before the storm who eventually became a master heart breaker. If Nisha’s mother were alive then she wouldn’t have let her daughter stoop to such epic low.

Dr. Arun Sharma came like her knight in shining armor while she was going through depression. He was her shrink who was 45 years old , tall , dark and dashing. Tarun Nanda saw his affectionate attitude towards Nisha while treating her. As a father he knew what would be the best for his only child. In the process Arun and Nisha became good friends which induced Tarun to set them up. Both of them took some time to decide. In the end they had to accept the fact that there was some connection between them which eased the tensions whenever they had a conversation. Nisha moved on from her dreadful past. Arun and Nisha geared up for their big fat wedding for fufilling their dream of a “happily ever after” life.

–END–

