Love Short Story – My parents were right…

Photo credit: 

 from 

“My parents were right, i wish i could change the past.” I reflected while seating on a couch, thinking pensively about bygone.

It seems like yesterday when I flew in the face of my parents and decided to marry Joseph. It was a big mistake. Two years of my life came to a standstill and i was spending a happy life with him. But on our 3rd anniversary my every dream shattered when Joseph’s cat came out of the bag.

Two years before the present, I decided to marry the love of my life;Joseph. Joseph was a man with naturally clear cut appearance, well-muscled, with jet black hair, with hazel coloured eyes, with hooked nose and luscious lips. He was the most beautiful man i’d ever met.

On january15th,2012 we got married and spent two years of our life gaily but on our 3rd anniversary our every happiness amended into despondency. On our third anniversary Joseph said “Honey, come fast we’re already late”, whilst seating in the car. “two minutes, just coming” I said in a exalted voice. Couple of seconds terminated away when we reached to the restaurant and we were just about to start our date but before we could a siren rang which alerted my husband as he was shaking in his shoes because he knew he was in danger. He asked me to sit and wait for him as he wanted to go to the washroom. He went to the washroom and took almost an hour to come back.

Whilst he was in the washroom a crew of some police officers came and had a parley with me. My blissful face changed into a deadpan when the comprehension of my husband dawned me. Tears started pouring down my eyes like the first shower of the season. Joseph came back after a few minutes and rushed towards me when he saw tears plummeting down from my eyes when suddenly officers caught him. The officers took him to the prison.

Because of this incident, I became the center of attention in the restaurant so i rushed at full blast towards my car and went back to home.

My each and every day was passing like hell but after a couple of days halted in shrieking and crying, i decided to divorce Joseph and move on, when suddenly Joseph came to my house. When i saw him air grew sharp, seeing him was a pleasure as well as an agony. He apologized me but i’d always hated crooked people so how could i accept apology of a drug supplier. I mapped out a plan to send Joseph back to jail so i kept him busy in talk and send a text to the officer that Joseph was there. I kept Joseph distracted untill the officer reached my house and caught him and took him to the lock-up.

Next morning i sent divorce papers to the jail and got divorce. After these mingle of thoughts jungled in my mind, i decided to call my parents. I dailed the number but as usual i got no response which downhearted me.

Now I’ve moved to a new country, away from everyone, with a sank heart. Now what i’m left with is just memories and regret.

__END__

