Love Short Story – That’s The Way They Met

Photo credit: 

 from 

They were in the same college from 2 years but never interacted. She talked to him for borrowing a novel “If Its Not Forever…Its Not Love” from a common friend of them.

Thanking each other, borrowing and returning books, wishing birthdays…. Started a formal friendship.

That evening He was standing outside the gate waiting to meet her with a friend. She came out of the gate and suddenly a curve came on her lips. Her smile, which  comes only when he looks at her the way no one else can

His twinkling eyes, Dimples on his cheeks and a cute Smile… All that makes him perfect, not actually perfect but compatible for her in every manner.

Whole day out with each other, they exchanged a lot of memories, liking’s, dis-liking’s,  hobbies, friends etc. and at the end of the day, They were just two for each other but just friends. They started chatting whole the being in college, home, bus anywhere and anytime of the day.

For the first time for a movie, they were together for hanging out and the most awkward moment for both of them to watch a movie with a completely strange friends. May be one reason was, they were already committed with someone else and may be happy also.

They started liking each other’s liking’s and disliking each other’s disliking’s. He loved her smile and She loved his way to make her smile. Things started changing between them and chatting, meeting everything was the best part of their day and became a habit. It was a part of their daily routine.

They started enjoying being in each other’s company and they don’t even need anyone else. They started hanging out together, travelling to each other, waiting to see each other in the college. The exchanges of hidden smiles from friends and a satisfaction just of seeing each other was the best thing for them of the day.

She dress everyday for him and sometimes on his demands and sometimes in matching also. He read novels for her, sang songs for her and they were crazy for each other and being with each other.

A novel and a movie changed a lot of things between them…. Will be continued forever…..

Something more than friendship was started………….. The day was best and memorable for her in the lifetime.

–END–

