Do you know how a desperate home town girl feels? “Awww…” Yes!! She is the first person to learn how to behave and conquer the world. As a home town girl, I want to be myself and competitive.

One of my school friends called me yesterday to narrate his love story. While listening to him, it made me feel silly. But why? Because the story consists of such dramatic twists. Usually it is very common in western culture to wind off a relationship. But in India, it’s the weirdest thing!!!

When I hear to such stories, the regular climax of the story is ‘boy dumped the girl’ but this one is rare where ‘the girl dumped a boy’. Hahaha…here I’m going to give you a twist. Any guess?? Let me tell you…the girl in the story is also one of my best buddies from my school.

Let me introduce Arjun my friend who was one of the back bench boys in my class when I was studying. Very calm but at the same time very arrogant. We were having fun with our mates in the school but we never hangout to a place. Our school life was as usual as everyone’s. It’s almost seven years I completed my graduation. Five years back, I got the contact of Arjun from a social networking site.

Arjun called me to wish on a New Year’s Eve. The conversation went for an hour sharing our experiences in college and discussing about childhood friends at our school. He asked me about Aditi. “How is she?”, he questioned. I was literally happy that he remembered all of us. I gave him the contact of Aditi and informed her about this guy.

 

Aditi was staying in a metro city in search of her career job. She was close with everyone as a friend. She believes in God and want to become a devotee. Aditi shared everything with me from school days. Days passed. Conference calls started as friends. She was happy about the things happening, turning out her life into new phase.

One fine day, I called Arjun and we were having a casual talk. Heard a news. Arjun proposed Aditi and she agreed!!! Oh..!! How??… When???… I was literally in a shock, thinking… ‘when did this happen? How could Aditi do this?’ The other day Aditi came to my house to meet me. I was in a confusing state…’should I ask her about this or not?’. Then she started narrating me the whole story.

Aditi said that, she is committed to a guy. “Is that Arjun?”, I interrupted. ‘Yes’, she answered in a low tone. The same old fashioned love story. A boy proposed and after a little time the girl accepted. The confusion is cleared and a discussion started about the consequences that are going to be occurred in future. Arjun is well off with his property. They were adequate. Years passed, there were extravagant memories in a pocket book.

Elegant letters signifying the importance of life, sticked to a fascinating fashionable life style. Without undergoing the vows, they maintained a marital relationship. Late night phone calls, messages, imaginations, day dreams, hangouts, gifts, birthday special treats. Everything was simple and clear. The day was hard when they don’t share their feelings and the fantasy was experienced by both of them. People easily forget their happiest moments and remember the sad moments hundreds of times more than the happy ones.

 

As people say, every fairy tale has a sandstorm. One day while I was watching tv, I got a call from Arjun stating that there was a fight between them. What does a friend do at this time? Guys!! Patch up. No More scrap. But day by day the illusions were evoked and crossed the point of sensitivity. The cause for the fight was lack of understanding or the pressure from the society?? Arjun was trying to settle in life and making plans to earn. But everything needs some time to foresight.

No!! The expressiveness towards each other has been reduced. Arjun and Aditi turned out in different ways. Aditi started ignoring Arjun and he started doubting on her. Arjun started tracking out the logs of phone calls and messages of Aditi. Here comes the fishy thing out. Aditi started admiring a guy while ignoring Arjun.

Karthik…smart guy at the work place of Aditi. She even doesn’t know when she was attracted towards Karthik. Arjun warned Aditi about Karthik, and everything was compromised for some time. Aditi and Arjun planned a hangout on Arjun’s birthday. It went of very well. No issues. They were together and spent a marital time. Everything went on fine for a week.

Less phone calls, no reply to the messages, no hangouts from side of Aditi. Only imaginations and illusions were left with Arjun. Being a typical Indian origin, Arjun was very unhappy about Aditi’s behavior. He helped her in financial matters, and was also ready to fight with family to marry her. Aditi stopped completely expressing her feelings towards Arjun, while he was waiting for her calls and reply to his messages. Arjun recalled about Aditi’s parents, who slapped her after knowing about their love. He tried to convince her to know the truth behind her silence. But he failed. There was a fight and a patch up every week. This became their routine.

One more year passed away with lots of struggle to maintain their relation. Arjun started earning and cleared all the problems from his side. He asked Aditi to talk to her parents to get married. But Aditi refused and said that she wanna break-up. Arjun tried to know the reason but she completely ignored. He tried by communicating with mutual friends but there was no response from Aditi side. On New Year Eve present year, he tried to call her but it is switched off. He decided to go and meet her at her place and clear all these mis understandings.

 

Arjun met Aditi at her work place and tried to talk to her. Aditi asked him to leave from there as she is at a respectable place and she will meet him after completing her work. Arjun was waiting for her. After two hours of waiting time, she came out with money to repay Arjun. He convinced her that this is not important for him but it’s only her and their happy old fashioned love. Aditi told him that her parents are at home, they are leaving to home town, please wait until they leave. Arjun nodded. Aditi left.

In between, Arjun got a call from a mutual friend of him and Aditi. The call stated that Aditi is living together with Karthik in a house and they are engaged. He is a playboy too. Arjun doesn’t know how to react and replied that he will find it out. He was trying to call Aditi but there is no response. After a few minutes, Aditi came with Karthik on a bike and confirmed to Arjun that she is not interested in him. Arjun did not plead with that and asked Aditi to come with him. Karthik stopped and said that she is going to be with him for life long.

Arjun turned to leave without speaking a single word and tears in his eyes. What happened? Where it started and where it’s gonna end? A list of questions were gambling with his mind. Where to go? What to do? Recovering after some time, he decided to talk with her parents. A little home town girl…who stayed in a metro for developing her career, turned out in this way? Is she blackmailed by her parents? Or Karthik? Or anyone else? Or she really lost hope in Arjun? What is the reason?

Arjun started to Aditi’s home town. He inquired about her address, finally he reached her house. He was not well prepared what to talk but he wants to reveal everything to her parents. As everyone knows, parents will not be in a state to accept their child’s truth. Arjun explained everything to them and their reaction was not too harsh. Finally they concluded that they can take care of their kid and they want her to get married in their community.

 

I came to know that Aditi left her job and came back to live in town. I was wondered that what’s happening with this girl? There is something for sure. I called her once to my home. She politely accepted my request and we met. Firstly, we were into regular conversation as how are you? Blah… Blah… Blah… later on I was terrified when I came to know the truth that Aditi attempted suicide.

“Thank God… You are safe. What the hell you are thinking about? Are you nuts?” I said as I looked at the mark on her hand. It appeared when she tried to cut her nerve with the blade. “Horrible… Did you think of your mom and dad at least once while you are doing this? You are the only child to them. How can they live without you?”

She remained silent as I questioned her. Tears in her eyes, rolled on her cheeks as she tried to manage her emotions. We sat in silence for few minutes. Before I tried to ask her, she started to tell me about Arjun that he turned out rude to her.

“Varsha…,” uttered Aditi. My mind was revolving around the name Varsha. I heard this name somewhere too. Varsha is also one of our classmates when we were in school. “Oh! Yeah! She is married right?” I asked Aditi. I remembered that, once Aditi and Varsha were close friends too. Aditi gave a glance at me and narrated the story. Aditi and Arjun planned a hangout in their busy schedule. Aditi’s work has not completed as Arjun is waiting for her at a Coffee Shop. Aditi informed him that she will be late and asked Arjun to leave. Instead of breaking the plan, Arjun planned to meet Varsha as she called him just before two days to meet her. Aditi came to know about this through Varsha. She got irked. Later on Aditi developed an arrogant behavior towards Arjun as she came to a conclusion that Arjun is flirting with her. A gap has begun in-between their relation. Varsha too fueled Aditi’s thoughts towards Arjun instead of compromising. Crap! When do these people change?

“Who is this Karthik?” I asked. “He is my colleague,” she replied, “he works with me. I need a moral support at that time. I told everything to him and asked him to help me out. I thought he was very obedient at first. But he turned out moron too. He proposed me when I broke up with Arjun. I simply rejected. I thought that I can’t live surround by these people and left my job to be with myself.”

I’ve cleared Arjun’s confusion by narrating Aditi’s version of story. “Such silly reasons and suicide…,” he screamed. Yeah! Everyone have their perspective of thinking regarding their mental stability. She is from country side; her thoughts can’t be broad to think over it.

Being a girl, I can understand what she is going through now. But at the same time, it’s not completely Arjun fault too. A little misunderstanding led them to spoil their love relationship. Let’s hope they will find a way to reach out for their beautiful life ahead.

–END–

