Short Story Love – Departure

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Ishaan, lets make out now” Riya asked Ishaan as she started to unbutton his shirt. They were having some quality time together on the terrace of Ishaan’s apartment as the day was turning to be dark, moon was about to illuminate the earth and the stars were about to sparkle in the black sky. Birds started flying home where some of their loved ones were waiting and slowly and steadily darkness was evading the earth.

“Riya, control yourself, I am not yet ready for it” Ishaan said in a determined way abolishing her hands for unbuttoning his shirt.

“But why? You know its almost a year and a half since we came into a realtionship and we have not even kissed. Are you not at all passionate about intimacy?” She asked for a valid reason

“Riya! Now how do I make you understand. I m passionate, but not now. Once we get married, we will think of it. Dont you think its too early now. I mean, there’s all life we have got to do all this things” he tried to make her understand.

Ishaan could ascertain the gloominess on her face as he knew her better than anyone else could. He could feel the wince on her face by her expressions. He went closer to her and squeezed her tightly into his arms, making her feel more secured and safe. He gently tucked the part of her hair behind her ears and kissed her forehead.

“Look you need not to be so upset. Our parents are ready for our marriage so there’s no problem we are going to face to get married. Be relaxed” Ishaan made some effort to keep Riya calm and relax.

“I’m sorry!” She said in a feeble voice still relaxing in his arms.

“You don’t need to be sorry! Nothing was odd in what you said.” Their eyes conciliated as Ishaan continued to look into her eyes. He saw the most beautiful part of her on that evening.

The day almost turned dark when they came close enough to let the breeze pass between them. It was a pretty evening, with much silence in the surrounding to make them gaze at each other comfortably so close. It was the first time they were so close to each other. They kept staring at each other like they had never seen each other before. Soon they were close enough to feel the breathe of each other. And just like every river meets the ocean somewhere to make itself complete, their lips met together under the gloomy moon and sparkling star to make them complete. Ishaan loved the fragrance of her lips. They experienced the best phase of their life. Their kiss was passionate.

~~~~~~~~~

‘Ishaan, where are you lost!” His mother patted his shoulders to bring him back into his senses.

“Nothing mom, I was just too tired of this busy schedule. I am not able to cope up with this.” Ishaan murmured gaspingly.

“Son, Its been a year since the demise of Riya and you are yet to forget her. She wont come back again. Somethings happen in life just for no reason. Death of Riya was such an incident. You have to cope up with the fact. You should move on. Opportunities are waiting for you at your door-step. You just need to open the door and greet them. You are wise enough to get my words.”

“Yeah mom, I will try to look after it.”

Its been a year since Riya and her Father met with an accident while they were travelling in their car. Fortunately, her father’s life was saved by the doctors, but they could not save Riya.

Riya was gone with all the promises she committed with Ishaan left unfulfilled. Ishaan loved her to extreme and she left him without even notifying him about her departure. The reason of her sudden departure haunted Ishaan. His mom narrated well ‘Sometimes somethings happen for no reason.’

__END__

