Love Short Story – TRUE LOVE NEVER FAILS

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story is about my classmate who was the topper of the class. She used to spend time more on learning like a book worm with less concentration towards games, extra curriculars etc. She was not so beautiful. She was from a Orthodox family. Days passed by and she was still in her books studying and studying, she reached 6th Std.

And one fine day a new boy joined the same class. Soon he became her neighbour too. They just met for doubt clarifications about classes and mostly about studies. As days went, they started moving together as thick friends. Once the girl went to her native and the guy missed her so much and once she came back, he immediately proposed her.

And the girl who was waiting for these words, said OK immediately. It was 10th Std now and the parents of both of them were strict in scoring good marks. So they stopped meeting for many days. But during exams one day, both of them met and bad luck of that day that the guy’s mom saw them being close. They were seperated. The guy for his mother’s wish studied well, stpooed talking to the girl but the girl who was the topper in the class missed concentration. RESULTS ARRIVED. The girl scored less marks with an average % but the guy was under Distinction. He became the topper. Both passed school and went to college. The guy kept up his promise with his mom and cut the relationship with the girl. But the girl was mad in love with the guy, so tried getting information about the guy and the college he studied.

Months passed. One day the guy got a call in his boy’s hostel. It was 3pm. He was blank as his mom never used to call him by 3pm but she calls only by night. He said HELLO over the phone and the other side was just silence for a moment and then said HELLO in a sweet voice. The guy felt so guilty. He knew it was she who called but he dropped of the phone saying dont call me again.

Then he received calls frequently and the guilty consious felt that he has spoiled the life of a girl and started talking again as a friend with limits. But the girl was the same. She loved him a  lot. Days passed and they became 30yrs but still unmarried trying to convince their parents for their marriage.

 

ITS ONLY BECAUSE OF THE GIRL”S TRUE LOVE AND EMOTION THAT THE GUY CHANGED AND UNDERSTOOD HER AND HER LOVE

TRUE LOVE NEVER FAILS…..

__END__

