Love Short Story – MY LOVE OR MY PARENT’S TRUST?

Photo credit: 

 from 

I begged my parents to let me acquire higher education in the great GIK University. Only lucky ones get admission in such a top university and i was one of them. I was the first girl in my family who reached university. All others were not allowed to study and they were married.

My parents were very strict and they told me never to break their trust and never to talk to a boy in university. Then they allowed me to go to university. I also entered the university with a strong heart that i would never ever fall in love with some one.

Atlast, the first day came. I woke up late in the morning and missed the bus. Then i had to drag a taxi for me. I stopped a taxi. Meanwhile, a young and handsome boy was also weaving for the taxi. We both were in hurry and started fighting. He said,”I stopped it, let me go first.”

I replied, “I am in great hurry, try to understand?”

There was no other taxi on that road. The driver made us sit together. I came to know that he was also going to the university when we both told the driver where to go. That was the first time i met him.

I was surprised to find that we were in the same class too. Soon, he also fall in love with me. He proposed me several times .I had not forgotten my parent’s words so I tried to stay away from him. I thought that he would not be serious but i was tangled to find out he truly loves me. Every time, i was in difficulties, he came to me solved all my problems putting himself in difficulty for me.

Days passed by. I never even replied him. Everyday he died for me and i never bothered to tell him that i love him too. Yes…….! I was also all in all in love with him but i had my parent’s words in my mind.

One day, he lost his control and he gripped one of my hands in university and took me forcefully to the top of a silent mountain. He took out a knife out of his pocket and started putting cuts on his arm holding me. It was more painful for me. I felt as if the knife had been thrusted into my heart.

I quickly stopped him. He shouted, “Say that you love me too. I know you love me. Why you never talk to me?”

I replied,”Yes, I do love you but, I can’t break my parent’s trust, I love them and love you too. I can’t make my parents angry. I will leave this to our destiny. Please, for me. You have my swear. I know this is a hard to do but we have to. I believe we will unite one day.”

“I will also never marry anyone except you!”

Saying this, he nodded with tears in his eyes, I hugged him and we went back. We completed our studies. I left the university. I never forget him.

Two years passed. One day my parents told me that his friend’s brother’s family is coming for your proposal. It is a very good family.

Hearing this I controlled my tears and nodded. I went to the washroom and cried and cried. I had decided to commit suicide after that showing my parents that it was a accident. I could not think of living without him.

The family arrived. I was asked to serve tea. I went in the room and was shocked to see my love sitting there. He was also shocked. But soon i came to know that it was a proposal from his younger brother. He chilled me and secretly told his parents that i was the one because of whom he never got married. His parents quickly asked for my hand and we soon got married. I was able to get my love as well my win my parent’s trust. I did love as well as arranged marriage. I thanked god and realised that keeping our parents happy and satisfied will automatically resolve all our problems in life. But parents should also let their children do love marriages. LOVE IS NOT A CRIME.

“O my parents, i love you

But i want him too

When i am with you

O my love, i love you too

But i want them too

When i am with you

O God, i have nothing to do

Other than trusting on you”

–END–

