Short Story Love – Just a Dream

Photo credit: 

 from 

I kept walking faster. My bare feet dragged, the rocks beneath me cutting into the soles of my foot. Each inhaled breath burned my lungs, choking me. It hurts. It hurts. I continuously tripped on the stumpy, dirt floor, not noticing the pain traveling up my leg. It was dark, but I could find my way because I’ve been here too many times to count. The crystal-like rocks glowed bright blue, slightly illuminating the cave. I was almost there… just a few steps. A tear trickled down my cheek. I shouldn’t cry, I was too 

 to cry. But that single tear, reminded me of so many things I had, could’ve had, and lost. I broke. I started sobbing, my body shuddered with each gasping breath. Now I know the true meaning of “heart-break”. I just wanted to leave, to disappear. I walked up to the edge of the water, gasping for breath.

I turned my body to face 

. His beauty still makes me wonder why he chose me, out of all those beautiful women. Why was I so special? He was so close, yet so far. I try to memorize him, before I leave, before I give in to his pleading. His brown hair was ruffled, it was clear he rushed out of bed after hearing my rustling. It was midnight, but I saw his face clearly in my mind, how often did I comb my fingers through his hair and watched him sleep, knowing nothing will last forever? His mask was gone, his face full of pain and panic. How unusual, he’s usually so composed. I watched as he stumbled towards me, still so far away. I want to go to him, jump into his arms and let him hold me, pretend nothing happened, and that I was happy, but I couldn’t. I can hear my heart pounding against my chest, pain in my whole body. I can’t breathe, it feels like something is blocking up my chest. I can’t stop crying… 

  

I was running out of time. I felt weak, maybe I can finally have peace, I thought, as I looked at the water. Colors swirled brightly along the lake, just like it did that day when everything changed. How ironic, this underground cave, the one place I hated so much, becomes my haven, my safe place. I dipped my foot into the water, waiting for the water to gather around and suck me in. I sank lower and lower, but turned around to get one last glimpse of the man that changed me forever. With  a strangled gasp and the last strength I could muster up, I whisper, “

He was almost at the water, his hand reaching out towards me, and with strangled cry, tried to grab onto me, but I was already in too far to come out. He had tears streaming down his face as his knees hit the ground.

“

Then everything went black.

__END__

