Love Story – I am not the one to be with you forever

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Madhuri is a tall, beautiful and nice hearted girl who cares for her family and friends a lot. She started her career as a junior doctor soon after completion of her MBBS. Going to hospital, chatting with friends and family members are part of her daily routine. She always reminds of purity and courage to all who knows her.

One day, While Madhuri was chatting with one of her friends Swati on Facebook, a notification of friend request popped up. She opened to see who it is. It read as Sagar, from Vivekananda Talent School. She thought for a minute that who it could be, as she studied in the same school till her 6

 Standard. But she couldn’t recognize who Sagar is. She thought of sending personal message to him to know how he knows her. “Hi Sagar, Do you know me?” She messaged him.

Then she spent some time on FB chatting with friends and spoke to her parents through video call. She enjoys speaking to her parents, as she treats them as her best friends forever.

Next day she received reply from Sagar as “Yes Madhuri, I know you very well and your mom (our Hindi Teacher) and sister as well.” After seeing this message she confirmed him as friend, thinking that it must be someone from her class but she hardly remembers anyone from that school. Soon after confirming him as friend, he came online and messaged her. She was little shocked to this immediate response.

Sagar: “Hi Madhuri”

Madhuri: “Hi”

Sagar: How are you?

Madhuri: fine. Thank you

Sagar: How are all at home?  Where are you? What are you doing?

Madhuri: All are fine. Sorry, I hardly remember you.

Sagar: But I remember you very well.

Madhuri: Thanks for that.

Sagar: Madhu, just a min please

Madhuri: Madhu?

Sagar: I have just uploaded my childhood pic. Please have a look.

Madhuri: okay

Sagar: Thank you Madam

Madhuri sees his pic and recognizes him. She recollects those days and replies him.

Madhuri: Hey Sagar, is it the same guy who always used to pose questions in Social Class?

Sagar: Yep J it’s me. Thanks a lot, finally you recognized me.

Madhuri: Pardon my poor memory, it’s been so many years, so I couldn’t recollect.

Sagar: It happens, now tell me where are you? Why did you leave school? What are you doing now?

Madhuri: Hmmm…  I am in Bangalore working as junior doctor in CKS Medical College and hospital.

Sagar: OMG, Doctor Madhuri??

Madhuri: Yes, but why OMG?

Sagar: I am afraid of Injections, L

Madhuri: JJ Don’t worry; I will not give you injections.

Sagar: Thanks a million, that’s a nice doctor. You didn’t ask me what I am. ?

Madhuri: Hey sorry, I am getting late to work.  Chat with you later, bye.

Sagar: Okay. Take care. Bye

——–

Since the day, her dream of becoming a doctor came true; she became more responsible towards serving poor and needy. She is at her work place, discussing records of a patient with one of the Senior Doctors, Samhita.

Bradycardia, Cephalgia, dyspnea, polyuria is the common, but why Atrophy??  Madhuri enquired Samhita, working out on reports.

Samhita: Yes, you are right, that’s where exactly we have to medicate the patient.

Madhuri: But?? ….

Samhita: But? Please go ahead dear.

Madhuri: But, My question is not from where to start the medication, but why Atrophy?

Samhita: Well Madhuri, Bradycardia is common symptom of this disease. But when bio doesn’t show stimulus even to this low heart beat rate, which we medically term as Bradycardia, there comes Atrophy into play. You remember our last case, where we had to use antiemetic medicines to bring down Cephalgia?

Madhuri: Yes. I do. But how that maps to this? Should we follow the same here?

Samhita: Not completely, but yes, we are left with no choice.

 Madhuri:  Okay. I will speak to ward doctor and get this done.

It’s half past 3 in the afternoon, 2 hours she finished lunch.…

She suddenly retches, runs out to regurgitate. Two of the crew followed her; as they knew it beforehand. They expected this before getting into the place, where souls less physical bodies are frozen. Sneha, her colleague, hands over a bottle of water to her.

Sneha: Hey, rinse your mouth and relax for some time.

Madhuri: Thank you dear.

Pranav: hello madam? Are you okay now?

Madhuri: Feeling better Pranav. I am sorry guys.

Sneha and Pranav (together): no probs. We were expecting this to happen.

Pranav: But are you okay to handle this all alone in future?

Madhuri: You pretty know the answer right?

Pranav: Yes, of course. “I wish I could” isn’t it?

Madhuri: You are always there to ridicule…

Pranav replies with a winked smile “I wish I could, but not dared to do it with the girl who won gold medal for showing excellence in studies”

Madhuri: Oh…. Please don’t take me back to those cram days…

Pranav and Sneha were about to tell something… As a conversation killer, Madhuri gets a call from an unknown number; “Excuse me Guys, catch you up later”, Madhuri said and left the place to answer call from Unknown number.

Madhuri: hello?

Unknown: ……… No reply

Madhuri: Hello, who is this?

Unknown: ……………still no reply

Madhuri: Hi, Hello, may I know who this is?

Unknown: …. Kept quiet for few seconds and said “Hi, How are you? “

Madhuri: …. Kept silent…

Unknown: I know you will be silent after hearing me. I just wanted to listen to you.

Madhuri: about to hung up the call.

Unknown: Please don’t cut the call…

Madhuri: See, you have nothing to say; sorry, I have nothing to listen from you. Bye.

Unknown: Madhu, please don’t say that…… (Continues to say his version)

—–

Madhuri didn’t want to listen to him so she had cut the call. But she had to answer her heart which was forcing her to give an explanation of the things happening around her. Her heart was not at all letting her calm down with irrelevant answers she had given. She forcefully went to bed leaving all the thoughts behind. Time has great power to forbid old thoughts, but heart has the habit of recollecting.

***

To be continued…..

