Love Short Story – Sh*t Happens !!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 4pm on 26th JULY, the clouds hovering just parted to revel the setting sun. I was sitting in the Cafe looking at the clouds through transparent glass. “Its only words.. and words all i have” the song was playing at the background. I was concentrating on the lyrics and suddenly heard the door opening. Everyone sitting in the café turned towards the door, she was trying to push the door without noticing PULL symbol on the door, which grabbed everyones attention.

I still don’t understand is it the trick all the girls use to get attention or sometimes they walk so mesmerized in their own thoughts.

She was wearing pink blouse and denim jeans, her jet black hair was tied in understated bun but still a few irreverent strands were swaying in the wind. I lost track of what I was listening to and started staring at her. It was not only me who was staring at her, but she had everyone’s attention in the cafe. Her figure was perfectly carved like a sculpture, She was looking so beautiful. Her flawless face and dignified walk made her more stunning. At that moment I thought I lost myself and fallen for her.

She walked towards me, saw me staring at her and gave me a smile. I gestured her with lips poised between a laughter and smile. My face lit up with the joy I was feeling but still was pretending I was normal. I stood up politely and offered her the opposite cushion seat I had reserved. Before sitting down on the cushion she muttered “Are you jealous of others?” I was shocked and stared at her nodding like I know nothing. She started laughing.

I always wonder why people keep staring at couples, Yes she was my girlfriend and we were on a date. She always used to tease me how lucky I was to have her in my life. I always used to deny her statement but in fact I knew she was absolutely correct.

After listening to one hour of her gossip stories, I felt relieved that she finally asked for the bill. I thanked my God !! I always pretended that I am listening to her stories but actually I wouldnt. Guess it’s the same with all boyfriends. Its so typical of Girls.

Finally we headed to her college hiring an rickshaw. It was the College Fest on that day and Nisha had invited me for the occasion. It was for the first time I was visiting her college and our relationship was unknown to her friends. We finally reached her college. I was paranoid about entering her college as her friends would notice us. We were looking out for corner back seats and finally found one. I was still being nervous and then Nisha started giggling and she grabbed my left hand and covered it with hers . I felt her warmth and suddenly forgot the world around me.

I still wish that what happened next would have never happened on that day, so that I would remember that day as the most beautiful day rather than the most embarrassing day of my life.

It was 7pm and we were returning back to the main entrance and suddenly we encountered her friend and who smiled at Nisha. It would be a casual interaction between them had I not spoken. Nisha introduced me as,

Gautam! This is Shweta, my classmate.

Shweta! This is Gautam.

Then Shweta answered “Hey! Your Brother is taller than you!!!”

It zipped both Nisha’s and my lips. I stood lucid. We started exchanging looks. I didn’t know how to react to Shweta, who stood quite. Nisha told Shweta that I am not her brother but her best friend. That statement made all of us smile at each other and we moved on.

On the way, another friend of Nisha stopped by and completed the formal introduction. We were about to leave from that place and what else can you expect on that day, “ Nisha !! Your Brother looks just like you, What is he pursuing??”. This time I couldn’t control myself and my embarrassment and finally said “I am not her brother, but best friend”.

First time it was an accident and second time was coincidence!! but that evening had different plans for me. Misunderstanding me as Nisha’s brother happened two more times that evening.

I still don’t know whether to feel good or feel embarrassed about that evening, but decided one thing that neither she nor me is going introduce ourselves to either of our classmates :P

I always face such situations. In cinema halls I have to prove that I am adult by providing my driving license to watch adult rated movies. Looking younger than what you actually are is a boon or curse, I still have no answer.

GOMZI……..

__END__

