Love Short Story – HUNDRED KNOTS

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was married earlier than her. Her name was Sunita Gupta. She was my good friend. We were doing MBA in the same college in Bhuneshwar with specialization in finance. It was mere coincidence that we got the job as Finance Officer in the same company. We were allotted quarters in the colony. We used to share our views on personal and impersonal matters whenever we met either in my quarter or in her quarter. We talked freely and frankly on any topic. She was a very sober lady with good habits. I paid her due respect and she too. Both of us were marriageable. I wanted to hear from her that her marriage was finalized and date was also fixed for marriage. On the contrary she forecast that my marriage would be finalized earlier than her. As said by her my marriage was finalized earlier than that of her. When she heard from me about my marriage, her joy knew no bound.

 She said to me, “ Please assign me some important job that I can discharge to your entire satisfaction”.

I asked her to select the important names of invitees and arrange to deliver invitation cards properly well before the scheduled date of marriage programes. She agreed to my proposal and exerted her utmost to execute her duty and responsibility. I thanked her and requested her to see me and my wife on any day after marriage.

 One day she came to my office suddenly. I took her to guest room. Before I asked anything from her, she came closer and asked me how my Honey Moon night was.

 I disclosed very sincerely, “It was rubbish, bilkul faltu , mar gya saala raat bhar ! ”

 What happened ?

 Discharged , without … ?

 Very sad, but how this happened, you are so experienced guy!

 What of that? my wife appeared to be wiser than me.

 She became more anxious, came closer, raised her ears like deer.

 We became free at about eleven at night. We came into the Honey Moon room. I was impatient like anyone, so excited I can’t explain in words. When I wanted to … ? … She kept me engaged in short stories about her school days, college days about her bhabhi ji’s love affair, about her one saheli ( friend ) how she awoke whole night, her husband didn’t leave her to take rest even for an hour, and she was so helpless … quite alone… she couldn’t stop him even.

 Come to the point, I mean to say what exactly happened that night. My wife’s friend was of different culture and tradition who taught the leak proof trick to my wife. My wife hails from Lucknow. She knows many tricks.

 Tell me quickly, I am not able to breathe even. I am becoming impatient to know the fact, extremely curious, don’t make me mad please.

 Hold it for a few seconds. Then listen patiently.

 Before going to bed, she put off the sari and blouse, instead wore salwar and kameez.

 She said to me, “I was wearing salwar – kameez usually. So tonight also.” She looked more beautiful and charming in silky salwar and kameez in pink color.

 How do I look in salwar – kameez? Pretty, charming, beautiful that anybody…

 Well! No difference,no problem any dress you wear, feel free from my side.

 Almost whole night gone. The sparrows outside on the trees started chirping. The cocks started crowing . I guessed it was about four O’ clock in the morning.

 I had no patience at all, so excited that I pulled out her kameez and wanted to untie her salwar , tried again and again to untie its knots but in vain.

 My wife allowed me to untie the knots.

 But so sorry to inform that even one knot I couldn’t untie, knots were so tightly tied one after another- all one hundred in number as said by her.

 Very sad! Lastly what happened?

 Couldn’t hold, got discharged.

 “What a sad affair! For a hero like you. First night defeated, means defeated for ever in life. I am not telling, someone – a great man has quoted it. She will rule you whole life. She will order you as master and you will have to obey her as servant.”-she added.

 I was helpless. In repentance I went into a deep slumber till late in the morning. People thought I was too tired of intercourse whole night with the young wife – once, twice and thrice.

 Everyone takes Honey Moon as comedy but in my case it became a tragedy.

 Don’t shed tears. My marriage is scheduled to be held next month on 25th.December.I want to see your wife and want to learn the trick how she plotted it so successfully.

 Why?

 I also want to befool my husband in the same manner with the same trick in the Honey Moon night.

 “Woman, thy name is … ?” – I remarked.

 “Whatsoever you address or call, she is superb.

 How?

 Because without her, you can’t live.

 The peon entered and placed two cups of tea before us. We sipped it happily. She left with an undertaking that she would see my wife on Sunday at eight in the morning and would have breakfast too.

 She left me alone to recollect the sad incidence of that night – particularly hundred knots which I couldn’t untie . So much tragedy in man’s life!

**

Writer : Durga Prasad, Gobindpur, Dhanbad. Wednesday. 1st. Oct. 2014

 Time : 2.50 P.M.

 ****

