Love Short Story – Virgin

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Bidya has never been exposed to the filth of our surroundings. She was a bright student and an extremely shy girl, while in college.” Mrs. Sengupta lifted the cup of tea up to her lips. “We have nothing but our honest words as proof.”

“These lanes of Calcutta have left no soul pious and untouched. Kriyoshi, I am believing your words and overlooking my instincts. You shall be responsible for the consequences.” Mr. Das got up. Clutching an edge of his dhoti in his hand, he stalked out of the haveli arrogantly.

***

“Arnab babu, are you happy now?” Promila, a neighbour, teased Arnab as he entered the house with his newly wed bride.

Arnab smiled shyly. “Very much indeed Mrs. Bhattacharya.”

The gathering had been pretty huge. After all, it was Kriyoshi bai’s only daughter’s wedding. And, although not so sacredly, but Kriyoshi Sengupta was famous across the entire Calcutta. Her kotha was the most loved refuge for the Seths and Diwans of the city.

“You both can proceed to your room, bete.” Mrs. Das patted Bidya’s head.

Shyly, the couple reached the allotted room.

As soon as Arnab shut the door, Bidya spoke up. “There is something that I want you to know.”

Arnab looked up at her, startled. Taking in what she said, he nodded at her to continue.

“Mother must have told you much about me – about my piousness and purity. Didn’t she?” She removed her veil off and questioned him.

“Yes, to father, she did.” He sat down beside her.

“I wish to tell you something more about all this. Something that you ought to know…”

***

As the dawn broke, Arnab lifted his head up from the parapet. Standing up, he took a deep breath of the fresh air of this new morning. Yes, he had been in the balcony the entire night. Awake. For what Bidya had told him was something that really shook his insides. He could have expected anything but this, to have been Kriyoshi bai’s daughter’s secret. He had been devastated.

But now, he thought differently. He was pure heartedly ready to accept her as his wife. She had been honest and her mother, true. Bidya was indeed a pious and noble soul. Well, her being 

 was an evident proof of her virginity.

__END__

