LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

18

 August 1929

Mumbai

My dear friend Sujata,

I quite agree with your views on the prevailing social evils of our country. These have crippled the very soul of civilization. What arrogance and conceit in some consider fellow humans untouchables? Why are children robbed of their education and learning by early marriages? No social, cultural or religious rationale could possibly justify the damage to a child’s growing and learning process.

The All India Women’s Association and The Indian National Congress will definitely introduce a bill to restrain Child Marriage to safeguard their childhood. Also, I shall write in my article for next week’s Kesari (the name of a magazine) asking people to support the cause. If we can appeal to the masses and make education, reading, writing and learning as the priority for them, it will be a huge step toward social upliftment.

A liberal and a progressive society free from the shackles of narrow domestic walls and an independent India free from the tyranny of the British- these are the only two things I pray for.

You can imagine how I should feel if my prospective groom is someone who is poised to be an official in the British government. Vishwehchandra Joshi, with whom my parents have already matched my horoscope, has cleared the Civil Services Exam from England. One day, he an official in the British administration, will be responsible for the exploitation of his own countrymen! Like the outrageous Salt Act that steals the vital mineral from the common man and make them pay for it with a heavy duty. It silently kills the poor, who have to pay a price for something that is obtained naturally from sea shore. Next, they will be taxing the air we breathe. I can never share my life with someone who would be responsible for causing misery to fellow countrymen. I intend on refusing him when our meeting is arranged which will be sometime next week.

Do pray that my parents do not consider me ungrateful and disrespectful of their decision, and that they support me in view of our opposite disposition.

With love,

Saroj

 

31

 August 1929

Mumbai

My dear bhaiya (elder brother),

I received your letter congratulating me on clearing the Civil Services, but you have known my intentions since long. I was merely following our father’s wish. I have always wanted to work for our motherland’s freedom. Father has now left it to me to decide on my future- with Indian National Congress or the British administration. Maybe he thinks I will want the latter, now that I know the power associated with such a job. But my resolution of joining the Congress has only been strengthened. I can never be a part of such a barbaric administration that has left not a stone unturned in exploiting our motherland.

My decision is made- I shall be coming to you in Ahmadabad by the end of the next month. In the fight for freedom, we shall achieve our goal, or I shall die a martyr.

I met someone of similar thoughts as mine a few days ago. Mother might have told bhabhi (one’s brother’s wife) of how almost everything was settled and that only Saroj and I had to meet. It must have seemed a trivial formality to the elders in both the families- if the elders agree, you don’t expect us to go against them. But she is a headstrong woman full of nationalism. Her writings in the popular weekly Kesari (the name of a magazine) are full of patriotism and national fervor. When she met me, she made it clear that she did not, to put it mildly, approve of people who had passed the Civil Services and become officials with the British government. Her contempt was evident when she refused me. I hope I could have explained my intentions more clearly to her. For, she was taken ill after making this announcement to me. She had looked pale and weak from the beginning, but now at this slight exertion, she turned sallow white and fainted. Her mother took charge of nursing her and so that was the end of my meeting with her.

I later learnt from her father, that she had been fasting for the last three days, with the other representatives of the All India Women’s Association at the High Court in support of the Child Marriage Restraint Act. What a proud father he was!

Since then, I have not been able to convey, neither my admiration, nor my explanation to her.

That is all for the moment. Looking forward to be at Ahmadabad.

Give my regards to bhabhi (one’s brother’s wife) and lots of love for Snehal.

Vishwesh

 

21

 May 1930

Mumbai

Sri (a form of address) S.K. Gupta

I write this letter with a different kind of motivation then before. You have been my friend and advisor and it is your professional advice that I seek upon a matter.

My younger son, Vishwesh, did not heed my advice. He went against the Raj (The British Rule) in favour of the Civil Disobedience and the Congress. His naivety may have led him to imagine success for such an enterprise as the Dandi March. But, he has been imprisoned with so many other Gandhi’s supporters.

I would like to know from you, if possible, the current opinion in the Government as to the future of those charged with breaking the Salt Act and supporting Civil Disobedience. Also, I would be grateful if you could advice me as to anything I could do to be of assistance to my son.

Yours truly,

R. A. Joshi

 

28

 May 1930

Mumbai

Dear Saroj,

I wonder why you accused Vishwesh Joshi of having no patriotism. On the contrary, I have learnt something quite different.

The other day, my father-in-law, received a letter from Mr. Joshi, who is his old friend and colleague. Mr. Joshi was distressed that despite his advice against the Civil Disobedience, Vishwesh babu (a form of address) did not listen and went out in full support of the Dandi March, the defiance of the Salt Act, a unified protest against the Raj(the British rule)  and the resounding call for Purna Swaraj (Complete freedom).

Since then, I have also found that it was only at his father’s command that he gave the Civil Services exam. All along, he had always wanted to serve the nation. Subsequently, he and his associates were instrumental in planning and carrying forward the March. They had been proclaiming about the Dandi March for a month raising the nationalist spirit and urging the masses to join. They started from Ahmadabad, gathering supporters and asking the Indians in the British administration to resign. With every step they took forward, the number of marchers multiplied, until they reached Dandi and together with Gandhiji, made salt at the sea shore.

They have been imprisoned and the treatment meted out to them is worse than one can imagine.

However, this has only resulted in greater uprising.

Civil Disobedience, if you ask me, has won the first battle and now, the momentum has to be carried forward.

Saroj, if you still keep your previous opinion about him, then there cannot be a greater folly. An apology is the least that you could do.

Your loving friend,

Sujata

 

5

 August 1930

Ahmadabad

Dear mother,

I visited Vishwesh the other day, and though your heart may not be pacified by it, I must tell you that he is not at unease in prison. He had expected the consequences of his action, and like always, was ready for the challenge. His unwavering determination, will power and strength will see him through this phase.

Together with others imprisoned with him, they oppose the discrimination between the British and the Indian prisoners. They are becoming a constant source of trouble even when in prison and the government won’t be able to keep them for long. With increasing pressure from other countries on England to grant self rule to India, the Civil Disobedience Movement may achieve its goal after all. And to know that Vishwesh was an active participant of such a movement would be a source of pride to you.

Vishwesh wants me to tell you that he follows your teachings everywhere. He meditates and does his yoga (a form of exercise) before sunrise and says his prayers before going off to sleep. His values and morals guide him in his every action.

They may soon be released as keeping them longer is of no use to the British; it is only adding more pressure on the administration that lost much of its efficacy when many Indians resigned from their posts during the Dandi March.

Give our regards to father and let him not worry much about Vishwesh.

Your son,

Naveen

 

8

 September 1930

Mumbai

 

I must apologise to you for thinking ill of you on the basis of half-known facts. Had I known about your intentions from the beginning, I would have respected your decision of appearing for the Civil Services. For it needs a different kind of courage to stand up for one’s opinions against their own father. Only you know the pain of going against your father’s wishes, I cannot even imagine the inner turmoil you must have gone through.

It agonises me to remember how I once held you in contempt, when in fact, you deserve the highest form of reverence. I apologise from the bottom of my heart for having hurt your sentiments. Please forgive me for my imprudence.

Yours sincerely

Saroj

 

18

 September 1930

Ahmadabad

 

I can understand your refusal. Though it was based on half the truth, it reflected your great love for our motherland. It was more of a refusal to be a slave to money and power which you did not think twice before dispelling away. This action commands respect, and I have always held you in deep reverence for this.

I must appreciate the work that you do in the uprooting of social evils. Getting the Child Marriage Restraint Act passed was a commendable job indeed.

Yours sincerely

Vishwesh

P.S. Would it be too much if I hoped that you may change your answer after changing your opinion of me?

 

I cannot keep count of the number of times I remember you in a day; the number system is quite inadequate to quantify my reminisces. Maybe the number of times my heart beats is a good estimate.

You may be far away from me, away from this mortal world, somewhere high up in the sky amongst the stars, but the distance is nothing when love binds two souls.

I read your words everyday in the letter you wrote me-

“Never before was there such a glorious day,

The Sun could not send a brighter ray,

The breeze could not soothe and calm as much,

As your radiant smile, its effect was such;

It taught the ocean’s wind to sing a lullaby,

My mind filled with your thoughts soar high,

And there is no peace, no rest in my life,

So would you please be my wife; my life?”

 

And till today, I have not been able to give you a suitable reply, for you left soon after. My every reply in the affirmative has remained undelivered, and so will this be, for I do not know the address to your abode. Nor is there any means of delivering the letter. But I shall wait till I meet you and you will need days to finish reading all my letters when I give them to you.

Till then, you shall live in the hearts of all your loved ones, by your spirit and ideals, by your values and morals. You fought for the country’s freedom till your last breath; your example remains an inspiration for us all to live for truth and righteousness and to stand up always for what we think is right, against the hardest of circumstances.

For the guiding light of my life,

With love,

Saroj

__END__

