Love Short Story – My Cute Princess who was never mine!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

A 22 year old engineering graduate joins a Multi-national company and from day one things go haywire.  Yes a fortnight was all I got after my final project review until I on-boarded my first company. It was one of those emotional moments I had to go through because I always hated my college and hated it to the core. Because it was more of a modern day gurukul with so many restrictions. With a heavy heart I met my friends for one last time.

Next few days were a bit more happening. Loads of shopping had to be done as I was on the verge of entering a new phase of life. I had never thought in my wildest dreams that this moment will become a huge turning point in my life. 22nd May it was and i was in Bangalore to join one of the leading IT companies of the world. I have always been a romantic guy who loves to listen bolywood songs, smile and imagine the most beautiful things one could ever do. Well its not about me being romantic, this isn’t the theme.

In Bangalore I met or rather came across a beautiful,cute,shy girl from Indore who was completing the formalities in the same room as I was. I was mesmerized by her cuteness. I really was, these days facebook is a great medium to find people out and connect. I came back to my hotel room after a hard days work. I wasted no time to switch on my laptop, found her out on facebook and sent a friend request. I did send her a cute testimonial too because according to me that would have let her feel good.

My message read , “Hey, of course we don’t know each other. Saw you in the on-boarding process today. I din’t have guts to approach and talk that’s why taking the help of facebook to express my feelings, after all Fb is a great medium to connect. I don’t have any other intention other than befriending you and if at any point if you feel that you are getting a bit uncomfortable, there’s always a block button on facebook “.

And as I pressed the send button my hopes reached sky high. I did expect her to revert. But that did not happen soon or to be more precise that never happened. I tried contacting her through some common friends. Pat came the reply through one of my friends that since she didn’t know me she will not reply ever. I had lost hope. But God had something else in store for me. We did meet again. This time in a corporate connect in a 3 star hotel in Bangalore. This time we talked and chatted. I felt i had left some impact after that meeting.

But I was wrong. Again she became out of touch. Now this had really taken a toll, I had no idea why? I tried with all my might to be in touch but in vain. For the second time in a month’s time i had given up. My love or rather crush for her was very honest and true. I had fallen not because she was beautiful but she was a simple,cute girl of few words. The sequence of events that had transpired had begun to take a toll on me. But I managed to console myself and tried to forget her once again.

And then again something weird happened. Out of nowhere this girl replied. We became friends on facebook. We started chatting on a regular basis. Of course I was bugging her a lot. I used to wait and wait with all dedication to see that odd green light blink. And the moment it did I used to text her. Sometimes she replied, sometime she didn’t. I knew I was bugging her a lot. And I know I shouldn’t have done that. May be because I had to wait so much to befriend her. But still  she was coping up with all the rubbish I had been to since the time I came  in touch with her. It was all going good.

Then all hell broke loose. Our training had got over and we were expected to get a project very soon. I was being relocated to a different city. This had broken me down completely. It was hard to take this in my stride. I had decided that this was the time to confess. I did confess. I narrated the whole story, each and every bit that was attached to my side of the story. She smiled and nodded, she said she knows everything but nothing’s there from her side. I was expecting that. Which girl will accept your proposal so soon? This was not at all startling. We exchanged numbers. I came down to Kolkata, kept sending her messages. We talked over phone too. I thought I became a bit more close to her after coming down to this new place.

Out of excitement i was texting her over and over again. I knew this would be irritating for a person but i simply did not have any self control. I did try to stop me, but in vain. At last she did became very irritated and cut all contacts. I have realized my mistake. I do text her once in a while but never get a reply. I know I could have handled this situation in a better way. I do love her a lot. She is the sweetest girl and i have been spending hours looking at her photos. I can’t do anything more. I simply cannot. I wish she befriends me again and forgives me for my mistakes. Through this piece I just want to say sorry from the bottom of my heart.

 

