Love Short Story – The Silent Voice of Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

She walks in beauty- every bit of nature adored Her. She was like an angel- her blue, dreamy conversant eyes, her peach-complexioned skin, her long cascading hair- her face breathed of fresh hope. The grasses enjoyed her gentle steps, everything seemed re-kindled with her tender touch- her hands full of care. Her lips were like fresh petals with a rim of pinkish tint.

All of you must have fallen in and out of love with stories like Romeo and Juliet or Mid Summer Nights Dream, but rarely a love story of a disabled person has been portrayed in the epic sagas of love. Here I am to narrate the love story of a dumb girl, who dreamt of love, her journey to find the voice of love.

Tiny water droplets seemed to embellish her widespread eyelashes and quivering lips like jewels. But they were forever silent- silent like death- a single sound was never uttered- yes she was dumb. She wanted to say so much. But her eyes said it all- revealed her feelings, emotions, expressed her every desire. Her dreams were captive in them- ready to break free and fly in the sky of reality. She loved the twittering and chirping of birds- tried hard to reply back but all in vain. She wanted to hear the tunes of Love, waiting for those eyes to read every thought crossing her mind, say everything she ever wanted to say, singing every melody, speaking for her to the world, to her friends- the birds, the nature, the streams and the valley. She wanted her love to be her voice- her unspoken strength.

One day she was strolling down the woods, suddenly she heard a gunshot. She was frightened and puzzled too. She heard loud horse steps. She quickly hid herself behind a large bush. She saw few horsemen plundering the place, searching for something. She sat silent as a stone, finally they galloped away steadily. Slowly, she re-gained her composure and hurried through the woods- still scared. Suddenly something caught her attention. She was so afraid and skeptical to go forward but still she managed to take a few steps ahead to find a person bleeding heavily, nearly conscious. She kneeled and bent forward. Her eyes met those of the tall and handsome stranger, lying there crouching in pain. She found them captivating. A thought crossed her mind- is this he Love? She seemed to be sinking into the depth of the soothing but provocative eyes. She instantly fell in love with them. Like all her world was in them- he was the one for her. His eyes were also penetrating deep into her heart. Suddenly she felt a touch on her hand, the man was holding her hand, she jolted, his grip was clutching like pinching threads, she could not free her hand- somehow she did not want to. Now the grip was painful, she touched his hand- it was cols and rather numb. Suddenly she looked back at his face and found him unconscious. She knew He needed help and so did She.

He woke to find himself in a cozy bed, comfortable under warm rags. He felt faint sunrays brushing past his face. He tried to rise but felt a slight ache. He realized he was partly undressed and his bleeding limb was carefully bandaged. He heard a sound and looked up- there She stood. He remembered her face so pure. She came forward with a bowl of medicine and bent down and kept it in front of him. She glanced at him; he was looking straight into her eyes. Within a flick of a second, he held her hand loosely- she jerked hard and freed herself and quickly ran out of the room. He wanted to stop her but he was fast. She ran all the way to the woods and breathed heavily. She thought of the moment that had just passed by- a shivering current ran through her. Her heart was pounding faster.

Few days passed by. His wound was healing; she was trying to avoid him but never missed a glimpse of him. She enjoyed sitting for hours alone thinking about him with a mysterious smile on her face- always. She tried hard to conceal her feelings- but failed drastically- not that she did not enjoy the failure.

But she knew he wanted to be close to her- rather alone. She felt she was constantly drawn towards him. She surely knew it was love but was unsure of her capability. Those secret desires till unknown were bubbling in her heart but they would burst into vacuum and remind her of her reality. She wanted to say so much, but words seemed to accumulate like captive guarded by her iron-bared lips. She could not say a word. How could she? She was not meant to say- why, why god had not gifted her the power of speech in exchange of everything. Her eyes struggled hard to hold back the tears, she was ready to burst out, her head down.

Suddenly she felt someone’s presence behind her, she turned around and saw Him, very close to her, guarding her way. There was no escape. He handed her a piece of paper. Her hands wanted to rush and grab it but she resisted hard not to. A strange implicit power urged her and somehow she found the strength to open it. She could not believe what she read- scribbled in it was the voice straight from his heart- the one she was waiting for. But there was something else too. Tears came drooling down her cheeks. She looked up, face-to-face, tears blurred her vision, but their eyes were transfixed in each other. She threw herself into his arms and he held her tight. She felt the warmth and the affection and their intimate love. She knew this was Her love- true love but her love was speechless, silent. He was dumb, he could not speak too.

But their love was enough and their eyes spoke for them. She found her strength- not in speech but in trust and love. Their silence said it all- even things people take years to express or reciprocate or even do. She never needed the perfect vocal chord but she needed the gentle fingers to pluck the strings of her heart. Her dreams never needed a voice but a palette of vibrant colors of love, warmth and support.  And she has found what she wanted. She closed her eyes and felt safe in his arms. She wanted to sing with joy but the silence of that moment overpowered every voice of the world. They stood there long, united in hearts together in the sacred bonds of love ——- for eternity.

Like all fairy tales they also lived happily ever after. Fairy tales are a fantasy, like a mirage. But if mirages do occur so does miracles. So never be afraid to love, you will find the right expression- be it words from your heart or silence of your eyes- everyone will find love someday like THEY did.

__END__

