LLC04: Undelivered Love Letter

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

My breath lodges in my throat.

 That’s what his presence does to me.

 In fact, he isn’t even here at the moment and the very thought of him has the power to make my knees weak.

 I close my eyes and take a deep breath.

 He deserves to know how I feel.

 Before it’s too late.

Yours forever,

 Sarah

As I lay back on my bed, exhausted from the powerful emotions surging through my heart, my door flings open and a white dressed lady walks in.

 Folding the letter, I put it away for later.

 I don’t think I want him to see it.

 I’m too nervous for that.

God, her face.

 She’s like an angel that got lost on earth.

 It feels weird, getting this emotional over another human being in such a stage in my life.

 But I can’t help it.

 She is like sunshine on my rainy day.

 I close my eyes and take a deep breath.

 She deserves to know how I feel.

 Before it’s too late.

 

My letter is interrupted by a white dressed woman.

 She knocks on my door and then enters, fidgeting around like a hurried room keeper.

 Rummaging through my clothes, she starts folding the shirts.

 But I don’t mind.

 She’s a lovely lady.

 Trying to ignore her presence, I carry on.

“Do you need anything?”

 I look up from my letter.

 It’s the white dressed woman.

 “No, thank you” I say and smile.

 I wonder if I should give her a tip.

Love,

 Zack

I feel light headed.

 Putting the pen on my dressing table, I fold the letter and press the buzzer.

 My breathing is starting to get a little weak. It scares me because I don’t know what’s happening to me.

 The white dressed woman comes back into the room.

 “Are you ok, Mr. Zack?” She asks.

 I smile, nod.

 “Take this letter for me” I say, trying to sound normal. “And give it to Sarah in the next room. Tell her it’s from Mr. 403”

 She looks doubtful but takes the letter anyways.

 I pull out a hundred from my pocket and hand it to her.

 Her eyes get wide in shock.

 “Keep the change” I joke lightly and she smiles.

 “Thank you, Mr. Zack” She says.

 Once she leaves the room, I close my eyes and fall into eternal sleep.

I look at the folded letter that Zack has given me and smile.

 It’s quite obvious that these two are in love.

 They look quite lovely together.

 It’s depressing that they had to meet here, in this dump of a hospital ward.

 I breathe in, a lump in my throat.

 Zack must be waiting for her reaction.

 Knowing that they love each other and that they’re each about to find out that the other feels the same way, warms my heart.

 Room 402 is staring back at me.

 I smile to myself, imagining the look on Sarah’s face when she reads this letter.

 She deserves it, this poor girl.

 Such a dreaded disease at a young age.

 God can be quite punishing at times.

 Opening the door, I walk in and gasp.

 Sarah is lying on her bed, her arms folded together, her face expressionless.

 I know, without checking her pulse, that she is gone.

 Staring at the letter in my hand, I try hard not to cry.

 She’ll never know how much she’s been loved.

 As I go closer to her bed, I see that she has a letter in her hand.

 It says ‘

’ on top.

 My hand quivering, I take her letter and place Zack’s over her heart.

 I then call for the doctor and leave the room.

 With Sarah’s letter in my hand, I go back into room 403.

 But Zack is gone too.

 That’s all it takes to break my control over my emotions.

 I sit in a corner and weep, knowing that I’ll probably be the only one who’ll ever know of their love for each other.

 I weep for all their missed opportunities and stolen moments of happiness.

 But I mostly weep for the letter that they’ll never see.

 After an hour of sitting in shock, I get up, wipe my tears and place her letter over his heart.

 With a hope that they’ll cross paths in heaven, I close the door behind me and move on to attend to the other patients.

