Love Short Story – Just FRiends

Photo credit: 

 from 

Describing a story of a character namely ROY and a friend of his sister,MEERA.Roy’s sister always describer Meera beautifully in front of Roy.Roy had never seen her till his secondary school,but he was eager to see her,as she was described very beautifully by his sister.

And the day came,when Roy saw Meera,in front of him in his school class,as she changed her school to Roy’s school.But unfortunately,Roy was of very shy nature and was not able to talk to Meera for a a very long period of time.Now,once upon a time,say by god’s grace,Roy’s sister wanted to frighten Roy,and so she called Roy from Meera’s phone and said Meera to talk to him,in a frightening voice. Meera was say best friend of Roy’s sister,so she agreed.Now,as we say,Roy recognized the voice of Meera,and he got the number of Meera..!!!

After a long period of time,say after 6 to 8 months,Roy dared to text Meera,that to he had some work with his sister,as her phone was not working.But,to Roy’s surprise,Meera already had Roy’s number and she responded immediately.Roy was very happy and the chat between them started.They almost chatted once in 3-4 days and Roy liked it very much and also Meera liked it very much.

No one was knowing about their chats going on,not also Roy’s sister,who was best friend of Meera.The chats going on between them,were just ideal talks,like HOW ARE YOU? HOW WAS YOUR DAY? and all that stuff.Now,as i mentioned before,Roy was of very shy nature  and so he was not able to talk to girls face to face,and so Roy and Meera never talked face to face.

Now,over a period of time,Meera had to change her home,and had to go very far from Roy’s school.So she changed her school,and now say Roy was bit sad,as he thought that the texts of Meera would not come now,and she will forget him.Roy was sad,as he had crush on Meera <3.The luck of Roy was very good enough,as he received text of Meera which stated,”Hey Roy! Why behaving with me as we are strangers,and not texting me nowadays?” You just cannot imagine the happiness of Roy at that time when he received this message.And now they began to chat almost daily and that too very long intervals of time.

One fine day,Meera asked Roy that what was the relation between them,to which Roy responded as FRIENDS,as he was very much frightened in saying his feelings to Meera. So, Meera asked that were they just friends,and Roy positively replied to that. Meera was a bit sad after hearing this and so he explained Roy that for her he was her best friend,to whom she can share every single talks ,happy or sad,anything! Tears came out of Roy’s eyes after hearing this,as he was that special to his love.

Thereafter,they shared every single talks of their life,with each other,say a very small matter or a very big matter,and they were very comfortable talking with each other.You may be surprised to know that,Roy and Meera considered each other as best friends,shared with each other every single talks,but had never talked to each other face to face,say because of over-shyness of Roy.

One of the friend of Roy knew that Roy was loving Meera,as Roy had only told him,as he considered him as his best friend.So,as we proceed,Meera was in love with a boy from say a year but no one was knowing it.Meera was loving a boy,whom she texted regularly,and you know that is Roy,but she too was very frightened to say that to Roy.

Roy and Meera ,both loved each other,but both were frightened to say their feeling.In most of the cases ,this thing happens,and so the love story ends there only.But,as we know Roy had very best friend with whom he shared all the things,and so that friend always forced Roy to talk to Meera face to face.So,one fine day Roy asked Meera to talk face to face.Meera was very very happy,as the guy whom she loved asked her to talk.The next day the conversation begin between Roy and Meera,

Roy: Oh! Meera ,you look lovely today!

Meera: Oh! So you noticed me first time,right?

Roy:No,but today had guts to say that.

Meera:Oh! Cool.I was waiting for this moment from say a very long period of time.

Roy:Then,you should have told me,na!

Meera:If i would have said you,then it would had not been these awesome as now.See,your legs are shivering.Oh! Come on dear,we are best friends and what is the shame to talk to your best friend?

Roy:Please Meera..Don’t say me your best friend.I don’t like.

Meera:Why? What happened suddenly?

Roy:See Meera,a boy and girl can never be best friends,and this thing is true.Either the boy would be interested in girl or the girl in boy,and in some cases both would have feelings for each other,but no one has the guts to say to each other their feelings,and so their story ends before starting only.In our case,I frankly say,I LOVE U very very much and that is true,and I know that it is not necessary that you also would be having that same feeling for me,so its accepted if you deny my proposal.That’s all.

Tears came from Meera’s eyes.

Meera:Oh! Baby,I do felt same for you,from say a year,but as you were not able to talk to me face to face,I never said that to you and dear,I LOVE YOU TOO..Why you took this much time to say your feelings? And one thing is for sure,if we start today a new relationship of LOVE,the old relationship of FRIENDSHIP should never end between us.As,in every relationship of love,the necessity of friendship,occurs.

And,now Roy and Meera are very happy in their relation.A very cute and sweet couple like Roy and Meera now exist in world,as Roy dared to say his feelings to his love.Its my request to all of you,that just say your feelings to your love,and you will be happy.

HAPPY ENDING..!!!

__END__

BY:- Dhrumil..!!!

