Love Short Story – STALE MATE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Travelling in a ship with water all around my sight and the colour of the sky reflecting high,made my sweet memories remember. A low hushed voice of limited frequency reached me and it is my call to answer. I replied muttering wait till the prayer ends. It is my girls birthday today.my friends called me to remember that and my promise to propose her on her birthday. She didn’t arrive till the prayer. I thought I escaped.

Obviously she was late. My friends themselves gave me ideas for my proposal. I thought it would the right time time to express after a long wait for two years. I too accepted because no one hurts in their birthday. my friends gave me lot of ideas. I went to canteen got a piece of chocolate and rushed to my class.it is my friends call for the first time. she turned….her  eyes attracted me like pole of a magnet,her mind blowing face,her rosy lips and stunning eyebrows stunned me like a stunner.She replied him..

I  was speechless. I replied nothing..sorry. My friends scolded me of not expressing . My mind murmured, SPEECH IS EASY BUT TO ABIDE IS DIFFICULT. I didn’t get their words my memories are filled with my girl.I laid down on the table. I saw her walk out of the class.it is a break for our class.we followed her in the corridor.my friends called her.she turned. I thought,I should not lift my heads so I would be lost at her sight. I put my head down. I felt exhausted.

My mind muttered you are losing your heart, my heart said you are already lost. I thought I am not a girl to be shy to put my heads down and also expressing my love seeing her eyes would be a brave attitude and it would impress such girls! I lifted my heads I looked into her eyes..I expressed my three words I LLOOVV…… .The bell rang.

Curiously SILENCE BECAME THOUGHT OF MY WORDS.Sill my friends sitting around me chatting an endless speech,and one of my friends saw me get up. my friend said,LOVE IS LIKE A GAME OF CHESS. We must move move the coin first in order for her to move…His shortened speech gave me million of thoughts. I turned around looking for my girl she is not there. i went searching her. she was in the canteen….

***

TO BE CONTINUED……  I THINK, NOT SO BORING

