LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

Anup was searching for his medical prescription in the files as he is back home after spending the first four days of the new year 2013 at a private nursing home. He is under observation for another couple of months and needs to stick to his diet and medicines. Before searching the paper he called his wife Anju, but as she’s having a shower, he started turning out the pages of his medical file. A piece of paper slip down, which he thought Anju must have written the hospital expenses. Curiously he opened the paper, dated 14 Feb 2013;

Dear Anup,

Sixteen years have flown by in the blink of an eye, and I’ve loved and cherished every second of my life with you. There were many ups and downs but we always supported each other in every situation. As it’s a holiday for New Year I thought we shall visit the temple as every year and then go for a cup of coffee at your favorite coffee house. The kids were happy too.

But the plans were trashed when you said:

Anju – Please put the switch on. I am unable to see anything.

It’s already 8 dear and would you please get ready now? I responded holding your hand tightly. But the next moment I shouted – why are you hot? Are you all right?

Anup, you are not responding normally. It made every one of us tensed.

We were rushing to the hospital when our neighbor Vibro joined me, sensing the seriousness of your condition. He helped me through the hospitalization formalities. I felt lucky to have him as brother figure next door. His timely financial help made a special place for him at the bottom of my heart.

I was running pillar to post at the Nursing Home. I was sweating when the doctor handed me a long list of medicines to be given and directed the sister (nurse) to admit you under observation as the fever was adversely affecting your nerves, making the memory weak.

I had no idea how the day went off without our festive food with sweets (on special occasions as this day), no usual prayers and nothing as routine as a ‘day off’ or planned.

The kids back home were acting as matured adults in their early teens. I was happy and a proud mom then. They managed school monthly tests, scattered household, visiting you at the hospital and sending me back home to relax for sometime so I can stay awake at night in the hospital.

I didn’t attend the calls and texts on the mobile, which was flowing with New Year wishes. But I made only one call that was to your mother, who is in the same city, to tell about your unstable condition. Seems she did not understand my message and hang up saying ‘take care of him’.

But the night was horrible. The doctor warned me to watch as you may react in a different way because of your nerves disorder. I was in the room with you and the sisters were at their cabin. The eerie silence at the hospital made me scary for a while.

I don’t remember how many times I have prayed God to give you back to me. There were thousands of questions on my mind that never got answered……. I took your hand in mine and my heart was shouting your name as I don’t want you to sleep as the doctors feel ‘sleeping at this stage can cause more problems’.  Please open your eyes, speak to me…please.

May be it’s your love for me all these years or your tender care you have for me, the innocence and honest heart, those pranks you play with kids when I get upset, cooking my favorite sweet dish to surprise me on my birthdays, the special moments of togetherness, trips to the markets on a rainy day just to get drenched, you’re helpfulness for needy or just your insensitive presence at the hospital bed.. I don’t know what something gave me the inner strength to hold on.

Suddenly you started throwing tantrums and behaved as if I am a stranger, pulled out the syringes and the saline bottle without the help of the Nurse, which resulted in bleeding. You never allowed helpers to redo the dressing. You were muttering the names of our kids many times in that unconscious stage.  You repeated the tantrums two more times. Those experienced sisters controlled you well but I was in a total shock and sat by your side till morning, running my fingers thru your shiny hair.

The next day passed on quickly with many visitors and friends from the neighborhood as this is a custom often seen in our country. They also bought biscuits and fruits. I felt much relived as you behaved like a good boy but I know another 24 hours….. I didn’t want you repeat the night’s tantrums again. I was relaxed to see your mom along with sister climbing up the hospital stairs. They hugged me and cried a lot. I didn’t allow them to cry in front of you instead requested elder sister to boost up. Mom took care of the kids and she made sure I also get some rest.

The second night gave me more confidence to handle you. The only outburst you created was ‘shouting no to injections, it is painful etc. Things were much in control, but my prayers were never stopped. Today I heard clearly the ‘jingle bells’ music coming from the X-Mas tree on the ground floor of this nursing home.

Finally you spoke to me on the third day afternoon.

What’s for lunch today? Where is mom? Are the kids doing best in their papers? Can we go home? Ask the doctor to discharge me.

Please be calm for a while. I helped you to calm down and was trying hard to make you ‘relax’. I sat with you by your side to make you feel relaxed. I slept for 15 minutes and the room heater made me warm. I know you are out of danger and at that night I visited the X-Mas tree on the ground floor. It was beautifully and traditionally decorated with sparkling lights of blue, green and red. The Star was shining as if it is not only in the top of the tree but top of world. It gave me special feelings of kindness and calmness that could not be penned down.

After consultations with the panel of doctors treated you, we finally reached home after four days.

After about a week you started your daily routine of attending the project work and that accompanied eating and drinking unhealthy stuffs. I feel disappointed as you are not either understanding me or taking care to be healthy and fit. Any oily or fried or street food can harm you. Even two drinks are harmful. How will you work? How would you stop avoiding them and treat your workers with home-made cookies or biscuits? Will you avoid using your bike for long rides? Will you avoid useless parties making you alcoholic? Can there be a better and a healthier tomorrow for us or after few months again you will make me experience the same day as this 1st Jan??? I do have faith and hope in you but your lifestyle may take you away from me…. What next?? Sorry love I am losing my confidence but yes I am surrendering myself to the God so he takes care of everyone. Hope to look forward to brighter and greener days…Tons of love to my dear hubby….. forever yours, Anju…….

 

Hearing the footsteps of Anju, Anup kept the file quickly and said…

Will you come early from work today? We have the doctor’s appointment.

Anju nodded and agreed.

Kissing him a good day, she left home, checking the time on her mobile.

Anup was watching her walk to the bus stop, taking long steps. He waited till she was out of sight. She works with a private import export company and manages multi tasks. He thought for a moment. How could she keep up the balance? She works 24×7 and everyone respect her for being so simple, homely, and a professional. He felt proud of her.

Anup could imagine the trauma Anju was going through. But she never complained or he never listened. Whom should she complain to? But he understood the difficulties faced by her due to his own mistakes which gifted him the hospital bed on the New Year. His thoughts wandered back when they first met at a traditional function at his aunt’s place. He came to know that ‘love at first sight’ is not just an idiom.

He took her hand and said – to a newer world of togetherness forever.

She pushed him good-humoredly and said – why don’t you get a bike? I’ll get tired walking all way along..… 

He came back to the present when the door bell rang. The kids are back home from school and he enjoyed had lunch with them.

In the evening, as promised, Anju was back early from work and now she wanted to finish cooking for the dinner as she knew from the doctor’s, they might get late too.

Anju made tea for them and asked Anup to get ready.

They hired a taxi and Anup instructed the driver when Anju got a call from office. It was a conference call which lasted for 20 minutes. When she finished the call, she realized the taxi is not heading towards the Doctor.

She gave a confused look to Anup.

Where are we going? Anup was silent for a while. His silence made Anju impatient.

But before she could open her mouth again, the taxi stopped.

She was happy to see they were in front Anup’s favorite coffee- house.

Anup ordered her favorite coffee for both. He looked at her eyes as asked:

Do you remember this corner table? I told you sixteen years back, on our engagement day, I will never let you down.

I am sorry; I made you pay the price for my silliness.

I read that paper which you wrote at the hospital. Anup was apologizing like a little boy, tears flowing from his eyes.

Anju interrupted with a big smile and winking at him – I do remember everything. How can I forget? I am sorry I wrote that note as I do not want to lose you because I want to live with you and I am hopeful of leading another sixteen plus years with my sweet darling..

Anup – How do I compensate the times gone by?

Anju – By restarting your system and following my instructions. She laughed out loud.

Anup was silent.

Anju called the service boy at the coffee-house and ordered snacks. I’m hungry dear. Would you share a bite of this? She offered the hot snacks served by the attendant.

She sipped her coffee and enjoyed the snacks.

Anup smiled at her. She knows the ‘smile’ was enough to say all the unspoken words.

Teasingly she asked – are we celebrating the New Year today?? Much belated?

He nodded and said ‘ many more to come’. But not as this 1st January. He too smiled.

She looked up thanking god for giving her love back. She knows things are changing…… they both knew it’s another beginning for another sixteen plus years more for togetherness.

__END__

 

