[Awesome Start But… Gruesome End..!! – Love short story with some fun in rain]

Love short story with some fun in rain

It was a dark and stormy night and was heavily pouring down with thunder and lightning. Electricity supply was out all through the place. Unfortunately my car’s wiper was not working hence could not see the road at all. I was on the way to my home after picking my fiancée (TF – hername) from her hostel which was 40 miles from my home. I thought, I would enjoy since my mom and dad were not at home.

It was already freezing inside the car so turned the AC off. I was feeling much colder and my body was completely shivering. I thought I cannot reach home in this rain. I gave a thought for long time, turned the parking lights on and parked the car aside. Seeing me shivering of cold, TF caught hold of my hand. I felt the softness of her hand and felt her warmth as well. I removed my specs and looked into her eyes as she looked into mine. Her eyes showed tensed behavior. Repeated thunders and lightning continued. I slowly went closer and closer to her.  I felt warmth of her breath just below my chin. I kissed her forehead and as I started moving down, she pushed me back to my seat and told “Don’t do anything now. Let us reach home first” and gave cunning smile.  I replied “Can’t you see outside how it is raining?”. She said “Your home is only few miles away .Let us go na. Please.”

I started the car and slowly drove to reach home safe. We both got off the car and I was shocked to find the door opened. But since there was no power supply, it was still dark. I turned the cigarette lighter on. I saw someone on sofa. I asked “

”. Voice came “

” Shock passed through all my body. Shivering stopped. Dad asked “

 Sweat drop trickled down my forehead.

I exaggerated and then I told “

” Dad interrupted “

I asked dad “

Dad said “

, 

I said “

Then what. Nothing happened. Left her to her hostel next day and reached office early. All my colleagues saw me as if i had a case of Murder on my name. Slowly i grabbed my rolling chair and sat back on my system to do the same routine work. Well, it was really an awesome end as i felt but it was gruesome as well…!!

__END__

