Love Short Story – A heart’s embrace

Photo credit: 

 from 

Not all of us are lucky enough to be blessed with such a blissful relationship that is preceded by a fantastic love story. The beauty of gods’ creation is beyond description. This love life starts off by giving a brief description of the plot’s Romeo. His strong feelings of deep affection for his girl were unbelievable. He was a man with tremendous charm and appeal. His faith and humanity were the traits to praise. Highly  obsessed and extremely possessive, demanded total attention and extreme love. And so was his Juliet.

A global beauty who served everyone so generously that having a word proved her pleasing features right. Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder-was then stuck proved. The act of sheer bravado, the story begins when love was in the air. When this young love expressed their ultimate feelings for each other. Ample of emotions were set out. Their compassion and desire for each other became more stronger. Plot’s Romeo-Jacob… so passionate in his love, can’t see anything going wrong.

Although he demanded total attention from his girl- Jeanette…. He too  loved her immensely and so much that even a pinch of worry or pain was not seen around her. But it’s a true vision of fantasy that nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with an exception of some bad news which turns the cheerful  bright side into a disastrous and  an endless nightmare. This beautiful dream which was only expected to bring a contented future ahead was downed as a tragedy born out of a much awaited delusion.

 

Dear love,

It’s the very first time I am writing to you. And I am sure you will be surprised to have this paper, carrying my heart in your hands. But don’t be so staggered  because it’s just a paper, a wire connecting my heart to your heart. But still this paper won’t be enough to express how deeply I’m in love with you. My words won’t be able to that too. I do have to say that you bring me on my knees whenever I see you. When you see me with that quirky smile it makes me more compassionate and I again and again fall in love with you. When I look into your eyes I can see right into your heart and it’s quiet beautiful.

I would overwhelmingly give my heat to you and this my love is my heart I am writing to you. I know you love me more than anything , but love , don’t forget there’s so much in left in your life to achieve. And I’ll always be there by your side because it’s actually impossible for me to love without you. You know they tell me you are too strong for your mind, my love. Your scars are beautiful because they tell me more than your voice could ever had. But I can’t really say much about this time because it brings me to tears every time I think of leaving you, my love.

If someday I go to visit gods’ home and never come back remember I’ll always be with you, standing ahead by your side and will love you forever. And you  are the only one I was befalling for, the only one I relied upon and the only love of my life. I still remember the day you held my hand for the first time  and made my adrenaline run. I still can fell that shiver all over my body.  This is the way you make me feel my love. And whatever you did for me and is still doing , nobody , not even me can repay for that ever. No one can ever occupy your place in my heart because you are embedded in me ,in my heart, in every part of my cell.

I wish the time could freeze right away. No going back to relive our young love because you are still my newly found first love. My love you are my life and before you weren’t , I did not even remember what my life was but I can imagine my life without you that is “Nothing”. My love you are like a diamond for me that I never want to lose. And my love and affection for you is like the sky, never ending.

Your darling,

Jeanette

TO BE CONTINUED……

***

