LOVE WAS JUST A WORD WITHOUT AN UNKNOWN DEFINITION UNTIL I MET HIM IN MY LIFE

Four years back,

 ”Tina,I fall in love with a guy who I met in my tuition class”

 ”Mini,How could you fall in love just like that at this age”

 ”Love does not know anything! I wish I could make myself brave enough to tell him how I feel every time I see him(sighs)”

 ”Whatever!!!Love is just a word with so much of lies in the name of feelings(annoyed)”

 ”You will be in the same situation as me one day very soon and you will understand that if you’re in love,nothing else matters”

Four days back,

 I fell for this guy who I started chatting with in Facebook. He is just speechless. His friendly words,matured motivations when I’m down and his caring makes me feel so special and worth to be alive. I get to know that he is Form 5 and he is studying in the same tuition as me. It’s just that his class is earlier than mine because I’m Form 4.So, I asked him whether we could meet each other on the next class and Praise God,that he agreed with it.

Today, few hours before, we met each other for the first time. I could not describe that situation in words. I was mesmerized after seeing him. From his head to toe everything was just so perfect. His hair, his long eyelashes, his round brown eyes, his sharp nose, his pinkish-lavender lips and his fair complexion. I was so blurred at that moment that I could just stand still and look at him.

He hit me on my hand,when he realized that my face turned pink. I was just speechless that I could hardly breathe. I could feel the butterflies in my stomach flying around happily. My dream guy was standing right beside me and he was also holding my hand. His long fingers comfortably fit in between my small fingers. He touched my hair and he said he likes it very much and then he let a sweet smile which I feel like I’m flying in the air. I wish I could just freeze that moment of my life. His smile was so incredibly beautiful and suits perfectly for his handsome face. I realized I fell for him so much at that moment and I want him for the rest of my life that whatever he does was so perfect for me. Now,I knew that If we’re in love, nothing else matters in this world!

