Have you ever loved a woman whom you have seen once?

Once.Once in your entire life.Yet the image of her beautiful face ,wavy hair,blue eyes was stuck in your head since the day you saw her.She just stood out.You can not describe how you felt every time you thought of her.

She was just a landscape. A flower perhaps. Or a tree. A face in the crowd. A townspeople.

You could wait a thousand years to encounter that beauty everyday.Was it possible?

Her lips curved up in the sweetest possible way as if she was challenging someone.

You caught sight of her when you were walking down the streets of New York.Fresh air engulfed the landscape. There were not much of a people at this early hour. Birds chirped. Bounced off from one branch to the other , playing.

She caught sight of your burning gaze. You can feel blood rushing to your cheeks and ears. Blushing, you turn your eyes to the ground. She turned a corner and you missed.

The minute you raise your eyes, you realize your mistake.You lost her.She tricked you ;you fell into her trap.

At night,in the dark besides you,you can feel her presence. She smelled of sweat and sunshine and vanilla , and on that thin-mooned night you could see little more than her silhouette, but even in the dark, you could not see her eyes-fierce emeralds. And not just beautiful, but hot too.

You now start imagining her name. Her personality too! Gorgeous,clever,funny,sexy,screwed up and utterly  fascinating. You could not be more in love with her. You now discover the value and pain of living and loving unconditionally. Pity at how you never felt this way after your mother’s death. How could you? After all,she was on drugs, but managed to send you to school.

You spent most of the next day lying in bed, immersed in the miserably uninteresting fictional world of Game of Thrones while you imagined her at her desk, unravelling the secrets of different equations or something.Maybe she lay on the floor,holding a book over her head.

Nothing will ever be the same.

–END–

