Love Short Story – The Sparrow with a Thousand Reflections

Photo credit: 

 from 

This story foretells about the two lovers separated by chance and necessity for the sake of their community.

Beyond the remote islands of Hibiscus lies a small town called Cicadas a radiant, glamorous and wealthy community. But then an unimaginable disaster strikes them down leaving them in a great chaos through the years.

Sparrow, a man full of wits and dreams together with his comrades embark in a journey in for foods for their families. His family starves in poverty that’s why he wants to help them and those who are in need. Before their departure Lovebirds, a rich young lady lover of Sparrow says goodbye to him and promises to take care the others while he is away.

He manages to find what they are seeking giving their townsfolk an enough supplies in sustaining their daily needs. However this didn’t last longer so he and his companions set sail in a hurry to deliver the extra goods but in their way home they encounter an accident.

Here are the conversations of the hearts of the two characters from the beginning till to the very end of the story:

 

The Lovebirds kills herself because of the agony. She dies in vain to escape from the reality. She didn’t make use of her time to fulfill her promise, to take care of everyone and help everybody. She gives in easily because she’s not use to trials and difficulty and always in the comfort of happiness, wealth and by the others company. She dies that no one else knows about her death and in a matter that anyone can easily forget.

Sparrow dies with all nobility. He saves so many lives from tragedy. He makes difference that no one can. He’s kind enough to be a role model to their society. His death was mourned by everybody and his deeds stay forever in the hearts of many. In his memories will always be remember for eternity that there’s this young man who died in the desire to help everybody and his family, that despite knowing the danger and the risks he takes the suicide in order to survive

 

 

his family  

– those adults and teenagers in our barangay who keep on texting, busy with their boyfriends and girlfriends do cutting classes,  didn’t study even if they have money and who live in extravagance in the expense of others while there’s this Sparrow lies in front of them that they should be realizing something than keep on talking and flirting that there’s this man who did great things compare to them that despite of poverty he still strives for his family. He stop from schooling, go to work so that they can eat every day and till his very last life he still did of what he think is right

__END__

