Love Short Story – Mesmerizing Eyes

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

:)

*****

I banged out of the jammed road to stand behind a huge queue in front of the Asha theatre. The Netriya Cultural Academy was going to present a play on Shakespeare’s 

The duo is enough to allure such a huge gathering. Finally, after a bit of whacking and ramming from the crowd I entered. The play began and I eased myself into the not so comfortable seat. However, gradually I grooved into the play. Rather I would say well-synchronized setting of themes, costumes, the acting and emotions dragged me into it. The play was getting to its closure and I already had tears in my eyes. The ending was mesmerizing as Juliet wakes up from her fake death to Romeo’s death. There was a deafening round of applause inside the central hall. To be honest no such play has driven me in such a way.

Therefore, to meet the director behind the screen was obvious. I somehow managed to catch hold of a person who seemed to be one of the organizers. I relayed my enthusiasm to him. I was waiting very eagerly in the corridor in front of the green room. After a few moments, that same person came sprinting towards me.

…

Believe me only “She” clicked in my head out of the whole.

I rushed through the corridor and entered inside. To my amazement, a soothing voice greeted me.

I wondered how she could make it out as she was facing the other side. I could not hold it and asked her.

 :)

I smiled back.

:)

Wearing a pair of blue jeans and a white kurti, hairs slightly parted in the middle and falling down over her right shoulder from the front, a small red bindi in the forehead, everything was just suiting her aptly. Her eyes were as if they could glimpse into the bottom of your heart.

A few gentle pats over my hand woke me up from the hypnotizing effect.

I was not getting where to start. But gradually it gained the flow and we chatted for a prolonged time.

:) :) 

.

She called out a junior. A young woman came inside and helped to guide her out of the room. I sat there bewildered for a moment. I knew there was something hypnotizing about her eyes. They were her gateway to an imaginative world. My earthly eyes failed to recognize them.

Since then I have been swimming in the ocean of her inventive world. I could see her and feel her in reality. However, she could only feel me in her genuine world. The world, she owned, she created. And everything is so flawless in it.

*****

Today she gave birth to a sweet, pretty baby girl.

She murmured in my ears…

I gently kissed over her eyes…

__END__

