Love Short Story – High Cost To Get Lost Love 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Life had changed for me. It is now regular like other couples after certain years of marriage. No love notes, no surprise candle light dinner, no exotic night dance, no  whispering of his  voice saying, “You make me complete”, No charm of weekend outings, Rushing for movies on the last day, escaping from friends’ parties to spent the time together cuddling each other.

That day, sitting under the stars over his friends’ pent house in Vishakhapatnam, while watching the dark deep sea, emblazing full moon & chilling breeze, I suddenly felt the sadness of being lonely. A question started striking my mind that,”Does for such kind of emotionless life, I had troubled out my parents, left my ambition & my identity”.

I had always wanted a life partner who should love me more than his life, pamper me like child, who should understand me & my desires like my parents. I wanted an endless love in my life, a love which I have always seen in my parents relationship, A romance which I have felt in my dads’ eye for my mom in his sixty’s’ also. And because of all these reasons, I preferred doing love marriage with an inter religious guy after my graduation. The marriage was not very pompous, selected near & dears were invited and my dad, my mom & my brother had stand there like stone in order to handle any kind of mishap. That day was full of melodrama.

But sitting there all alone in such a driving romantic weather, I felt my self as a stupid. I never wanted to go along with him but,  he insisted hard & convinced me that this time he is going to  hit the bulls eye by making the trip a mesmerizing one for me. But then as usual he use to wind up his office work till dawn & then  engaged  himself with his friends partying in heavy music & litres of liquor, expecting from me to enjoy that ambience like all others .

Many of the time, in a mild attempt I have tried to express my feelings but he always have a pre defined answer,

“Sweetheart am doing all this for you, and saying every time that I love you is not necessary now because you know I do”.

I wish I should have died or should encounter any kind of accident so that he must realize the fact of my presence, the void coming into our relation,  the essence of our love left aback, the importance of saying ‘I Love You’ to nourish a long committed but breaking relationship.

And one day my wish of getting his attention & love become true, when under deep stress & depression I lost my control over the stair case & became unconscious. Later, my doctor intimated me that my neighbors helped me out to reach the hospital & even informed my husband about my accident as well as miscarriage.

A night before my accident, I called him in the evening & requested him to come home soon. I was really happy and excited about the new member coming into our family and I wanted to disclose the pleasure in front of him & not on phone. I waited for him till midnight but when he came back home he was seriously drunk & we had a hot discussion then & their due to which I didn’t informed him about the good news.

Next day after my accident, the doctor informed him about the mishap & also that my uterus is severely damaged & I can’t experience the pleasure of motherhood anymore. I was in deep agony after that incident & my husband motivated me to live again. He left drinking, filled my life with lots of love & happiness. By gods’ grace I got back everything I had always wanted BUT on what cost……

I think saying simple words like, I Love You,  ICan’t Live without You, You Make Me Complete etc are always important, actually more important for a relation like marriage. People says OLD IS GOLD but we are the only one who will convert this OLD into GOLD by certain simple efforts, for it is a fact that Life is too long to walk alone and too short when we walk together.

__END__

