Love Short Story – Checkmate

Photo credit: 

 from 

Uday is a young guy who had completed his bachelor’s degree. He was not in an intension to study further or to work. Every day at early morning he used to exercise in his house terrace and always wants to enjoy his life with his friends. His parents used to advise him but he does not obey them.

One day he was surprised to see a girl who was drying the clothes in opposite of his house terrace. He was seeing her for long time and went to chat with his friends in street corner. Later he came to know that her name was Janani who had come to her sister’s house for leave. He was impressed on her each move and was following her at where ever places she goes. Whenever he goes to speak with her, she knows that he is coming to speak with her but she suddenly starts to speak with her friends in order to avoid him but when he goes back after her hesitation she used to feel for that”I must have spoken to him”.

Everyday he used to see her from his house balcony. She also used to see him but acts like not seeing him. As it was time for her to leave her sister’s house she felt sad and mourn. She did not know how to express her feelings and say “bye” to him. As Uday went out of some work at that time she was unable to speak with him and leaves the city without informing him. When Uday came back to his place,he searched for her and was unable to find her.One of his friend told him that she had went to her house as her leave was over. He was feeling for that and does not know what to do.He plans to meet her in her home on next day which is located at other part of Chennai but due to some circumstances he does not go.

Uday and his friends planned to go for pub at that night as one of his friend was celebrating birthday.They went there and were enjoying at that moment suddenly there was a power failure.When power came Uday was surprised to see Janani standing in front of him. He was speechless after seeing her she was also surprised to see him they both were delighted at that moment(big conversation took place between them and they left the place). When he was chatting with his friends he gets a call from her. She asked him to come to her college.

He goes to her college with his friends bike and picks up her. She bunks her college and goes with him to beach .Since it was hot and they both were unable to chat in that hot sand they planned to go for a movie and was enjoying the film. Suddenly he gets a call from his friend that he needs the bike .Uday asked his friend to come to the theatre .He goes and gives the bike key to him and continues to watch the movie with her.

When the movie was over he says to her that the bike has been taken by his friend due to some personal work and takes her though bus. Since the bus was crowded he felt guilty and bad to travel in bus with her. He thought that she was feeling uncomfortable in that bus.They both became so close.

One day she invites him to her home as there was no one. He goes there and talks with her for a long time.After some time they both stopped their chat and starred each other in crazy way. She went and sat next to him and smooched him,after a minute he pushes her away and says to her that”I think I may cross my limit if I further stay with you,bye”(He leaves her home). Suddenly he gets a call from her on the way,when he took his mobile ,he lost his balance and fells down from the bike. Just a minor injury took place for him.

They both were often roaming but unfortunately one day his dad saw him roaming with her and he came to know that his son and that girl loved each other. At that night while going to sleep he advices Uday that”you are not earning right now,How will you have a joyful life with her?At first you must earn money and then you can marry her.Think twice before you proceed your next move”.

His dad’s words was like a poking thorn for him and he realises his mistake and was unable to sleep that night.He thinks about the previous situations while he roamed with her and the needs he required. With lots of enthusiastic he surfs internet regarding his studies and finally decides to do Master’s degree in London. Next day at morning when he told to his dad regarding his further studies. His dad was feeling happy to hear those words and congratulated him.

Janani felt sad on hearing to it and was disturbed a lot. He goes to London and comes to Chennai after two years. He searches for her has he had no response from her for past one year and also he searched for her in her area but was unable to find her. Later he came to know that she was married to a man named Karan. His friends asked him not to be panic and get vex because of her.Uday was unable to believe their words.

When he saw her with her husband he felt emotional and was about to cry. Janani on seeing him went like without seeing him.He did not saw her husband’s face.Uday thought that he must not leave her without punishing as other guys do after their failure. He was in an intension to take revenge and punish her .His friends insisted him not to do like that as it is against human society. Uday does not listens to them and makes different plan.

Next day morning Uday was standing in front of her house.When she adjusted her window screen she saw him and was shocked. She sweated a lot and had no idea regarding him. He was waiting for Karan to get out of that home, when he went out Uday went in and asked her to come with him. When she ignored he blackmailed her by showing some evidences to her. She was puzzled and asks sorry to him .He neglects her sorry,warns and leaves the place(He did not saw her husband face again).

She cried a lot and when Karan came to home she acted to be happy. Uday was in an intension to make her cry and not to let out the proofs. He wants her to realise the mistake. Often he used to irritate her and make her sad. Uday gets a job in a private company.The MD of that company was Karan who appointed Uday for a vacant post. Karan does not know anything about Uday and Uday also does not anything thing about him.

One day Janani went for bank. Since that bank was near to Karan’s office she decides to see him in the office.When she went to office she was shocked to see Uday in that office who was working for him. She leaves the office and was in a doubt whether they both know each other or not.When Karan came to home that night she enquired  about Uday indirectly to him. She came to know that it was a coincident situation for both of them and decides that Uday must not know that her husband was Karan. She tried to avoid roaming with Karan outside because of that situation.

Uday makes her a call and again black mails her. He also says her that he will not be in town for few days as he is going out for work. She felt happy for that and says to her husband to transfer Uday to some foreign branch as he would be happy.

Karan asks her”Why are you saying like that?How do you know him?Why are you always speaking about him?”

She replies him that he was her old classmate whom she saw after a long days and asks Karan not to let her name to him. Since Karan was loving her wife and trusted a lot on her he did not questioned her further and accepted to her request as she would love it.

Every day he was torturing her and made her to feel cry. She begged him to leave her alone . One day evening Janani got a call from Uday and he asked her to come to nearby restaurant to say something to her before he leaves the city.When she came he showed her some evidences and made her to feel cry again. She was locked in that place and had no other moves but had only one chance to say everything to Karan. She was also not so bold to say her problem to her husband.

In anger she leaves the place and goes in her scooty to home in a tension mood and when she looked her rear view mirror she saw Uday following her which increased her tension more.When she turned back and saw him unfortunately she met into an accident.On seeing it Uday was horrified and was unable to see her in that condition,he felt guilty.He carried her and admitted in the nearby hospital.He feels sad for her and realises his mistake on her.

When she woke up she cried,Uday tried to convince her and asks sorry for his activities and told her that he would not disturb her further.She also asked sorry to him for cheating him.Karan was informed regarding the accident.He came and stood near the room where she was admitted and was listening to their conversation.He was impressed in both of their speech,at beginning of their speech he thought they both were having affair.After their speech he concludes that there is also a life after a bad instinct and things about his love failure and laughs.He knows that still his wife loves him a lot.He meets Uday and says thanks to him for saving his wife.Uday acts like that he is seeing Janani for first time.Karan told to him that he has been transferred to UK branch because of his sincerity.He thanks Karan for that and leaves her in the hospital by saying bye to her.

__END__

