Love Short Story – FROM THE DIARY OF A SEPTUAGENARIAN

Photo credit: 

 from 

Taking out an old diary from a large heap of unwanted things, thrown out from a big house for old persons and removing dust from it, a septuagenarian removed his myopic spectacles and took the diary close to his heart as if it was something very special and he had treasured it for a quite long time. Conspicuously, he lost in some deep thoughts, while opening it and unfurling the pages. While opening pages with his trembling hands, five old rotten pale colored papers fell form the old discoloured diary one by one.

There, I was playing with some of my friends. I came near to the old man to help him in lifting those papers. I noticed that those were not ordinary papers, but were love letters. Indeed, they were love letters written by an old man of the age of my grand pa to his beloved. It aroused a kind of curiosity in me. My mind was concentrated only on those letters and I tried to read out them, while lifting, but of no use as I could hardly read even a sentence. At that moment, I did not know why, but just one thought came in my mind that I wanted to read them.

Glancing at the man, towards whom I developed reverence and respect like my own grand pa, and trying to read his mind, I reluctantly asked, “Grandpa! What are these?”

He gave me a smile and informed, “Kittu, these are love letters.”

He gave me a nice name “Kittu”.

“Love letters!” I exclaimed.

“Yes Kittu. I wrote these for your grand maa.”

“Oh Really! Grandpa, can I see them?”

“You want to see these? Come on, sit here.” Pointing towards a bench in a nearby park, he told me to sit there. We both sat there on a bench in the shadow of a big tree, on which several birds were sitting and chirping.

After looking here and there for sometime, he took out the first letter and began to read it.

 

“Oh grandpa! You were so romantic and caring for grand maa”.

Grandpa just gave a smile at this and unfolded the second letter.

 

 

“Grandpa, I do not understand why you did not go to home for Holi?”

He did not utter any word, but the depth and pain in his eyes were clearly indicating that financial burden and indulgence with family left little scope for him to live his own life.

He silently picked the third letter and began to read it.

 

 

It was peculiar that with each letter, grand pa’s tone and feelings were changing. But, it was also certain that with each letter, his reluctance towards grand maa kept on increasing. I was quite confused. Did his love for grand maa abated with time?

I was muddled within myself, when grandpa asked for a glass of water. I went inside my home and brought a glass of water. While coming with water in a glass, I noticed him wiping his tears.

He took glass from my hand and drank two – three sips and kept glass on the bench itself. Again, taking out another letter, he told me to sit.

5

 October, 2004

Another letter was written along with the same letter for grand pa’s son, Rahul. He started reading that letter.

Both I and grand pa were totally mute, after uncovering all these reminiscence of grand maa. At that tender age, I was not able to contemplate whether grand pa was cruel and barbaric towards grand maa or reason for this reluctant attitude was something else. But, now I can surely say that insufficiency, poverty and destitution are the killer of all feelings and emotions…………

__END__

