I still remember my first love. It was though from one of the social sites it was as pure as any other love stories around the world. I was in the starting of my twenties and he was in middle of twenties. We used to exchange our daily life updates from chats. Later we shared our numbers. He used to call me frequently. We used to chat and make call almost 16 hours a day and. We were growing a strong relationship within us. In a very short time, we were best friends.  We had to share each and everything.He used to care me a lot. Meanwhile, I was growing a love deep inside my heart for him. I was almost couldn’t imagine my life without him.

One sudden day, he told me he was in love with someone else. I was totally broken. That day, I felt why people say love hurts. OMG, my heart was about to blast. But anyhow, I had to accept the fact. I console my heart and let him be happy with his  girlfriend. He was still my best friend. We still used to share each and every thing. Slowly my heart also started to accept him as my best friend. Things were going easier and all of us were happy. And after couple of years , I met a person who loved me. I felt like what if I can’t get my love, he should get his. I accepted his proposal. I shared this with my best friend and he was unhappy for me. I don’t know why but he could not see me with some one else. He realized then he too loves me. The condition was both of us love each other (fact is he expressed his love but I never did) also but it was late, both of us were in a relationship and we were committed.

And another one night, I got a text from my best friend that his girlfriend got married to someone else. I might have been happy if I was not in relationship. But I console him and told him he will get someone better. But, he said he loves me and I have to commit for him. He told me to leave my boyfriend and start a relationship with him. I was in such a dilemma. I always wanted to be his girlfriend. I always hoped for his love.  But it was late. I could not leave the one who was there for me when I was alone. I rejected him and tell me to have some patience. But somewhere in the middle of my heart, I felt if I could be his lover. The person I am committed was also very good but after all first love is always special.

Life was going on well till I met an accident where I had to do the surgery. I was in complete bed rest for about 6 months. And, I realized the person I was committed was taking me for granted. He was not liking me anymore. He started ignoring me. He used to swipe off my calls and did not give a reply back to my messages. He seldom visits me. While my best friend was the one who was always by my side. He was as same as before and I was never a burden for him. After the healing of my wounds, I thought my best friend is the one for me. He is the one I love and I should admire him as my life partner. My boyfriend was already contact less  so I do not have to sort out any things with him. I texted my best friend to meet him.

I wore his favorite color, let my hair be open so that he could smell the aroma of my shampoo which he was fond of. I got ready for him. I was excited to tell him that I too love him. He never knew I too have loved him perhaps more than him. I was a second girl for him but he was the first for me. He was always special and he will be for the rest of my life. I went to meet him in the same place where I have met him for the first time. I went with a great pleasure in my heart. I met him and we went to a cafe for having a cafe mocha. Waiting for a coffee, he told me “I was waiting you since long and here I came to know I can never be more than your best friend. My family was searching a girl for my marriage and I am left with no options than saying yes. I would have waited you for ages if there is any chance between us. I know you are happy with him and my blessings are always with us. We will always be best friends and I love you and will love you till the last breathe” and he gave me his wedding card. It was perhaps 

 from his side which I could not admire at all. 

 I was scattered and shocked. The glow on my face  turned to paleness. I lost myself and I lost him too.

Today, he is happily married to someone else. He is still my best friend and still he complains I never loved  him in spite being so close for such a long time. I lost him not because I did not love him but because I could not take the right decision at right time. But I promise you my dear best friend( my first love) , I will cherish this relation with you forever.

–END–

