Love Story – It’s Late, Yet Perfect

Photo credit: 

 from 

——–

Mohan took a deep breath to inhale as much fresh air as he could. He was paying his heartfelt gratitude to his Doctor, Dr. Mukherjee, and a Cardiologist, who insisted him for this trip. He reluctantly made this short trip. From years he had isolated himself after losing his first love. He had got some heart problem. Post surgery, his Doctor recommended him to visit any hill station for some change.

He was quite sure that it was completely preposterous suggestion for him but at some point he also wished to give at least one last chance to life. He had been longing for his love. A ray of hope was still there. So he obeyed his Dr.

He booked a taxi from Delhi to Kashmir. He started his journey. It was noon, when he reached there. He got down from the taxi and started roaming.

Mohan was entirely amazed to see the beauty of Kashmir. He stayed in Pahalgam. He was wandering in the valley, observing the beauty. He could not resist admiring the power of the Creator who used multiple and extremely pretty hues. The lush green grass and crystal snow covered mountains as the backdrop of the scenery were taking the beauty to its perfection. He also smelled a cold breeze, filled with saffron fragrance. Suddenly he fell in love with the commendable beauty. He found himself a little revived. He felt contented.

Mohan was feeling a little tired. He sat down on the soft grass carpet and closed his eyes for a while. He wished to capture the beauty in his eyes forever. A pretty face appeared in his thoughts. It was Juhi’s face, her big eyes with heavy eye lashes. She had talking eyes. He spent all his life in the sweet memory of Juhi.

He murmured, “Oh dear, why you left me and given me such purgatory?”

He was lamenting. He muttered, “Better to die.”

“Hamm”? Bad words”, A soft voice entered into his ears and took him back into the present.

Mohan surprisingly opened his eyes. He saw there was a cute little boy standing very near to him. He was constantly staring to Mohan.

Mohan smiled,” What? Bad words? Who are you?”

The boy sat next to him and said,” Why shower questions? Ask one by one please. I am hardly 6 yrs old.”

Mohan giggled. He felt a little better after so long.

The boy resembled someone very precious to him. He had big eyes with heavy eye lashes. After some time he ran away to catch his ball. Mohan could not ask anything about him. He found a glimpse of Juhi in him.

He had plethora of his lovely memories. He started floating into his past.

In his youth, in Delhi College he fell into a deep love with a girl. She was the prettiest girl. Her name was Juhi. She had stolen his heart at the first sight. He liked her so much. The way she dressed. The way she used to help others. Mohan pondered. He was quite sure that it’s nothing but love. He cared for her. He wished to win her heart. But he could not gather courage to propose her.

Mohan, himself was a handsome boy. He had a ripped body. Many girls wished to get friendly with him. But his eyes were longing to get a glimpse of Juhi.

Mohan saw her talking to his best friend, Suresh, once He asked him to fix a meeting with her. Suresh laughed. He intimidated that don’t ever try, since she is mine. Then he started laughing loudly as if it was a joke.

Mohan was awarded first prize in the 3nd yr exams, Juhi wished him. She also lost her heart to him.

They talked less but their eyes exchanged their feelings.

And the same happened with them.

They became good friends.

Mohan and Juhi both were in deep love with each other. Only formal proposal had to be made. They both were planning to open their hearts on the right time. But God had different plans.

Suresh and Juhi belonged to the same orphanage. Suresh wished to have her as his life partner anyhow. He was a paranoid. He ruined their life.

It was dark. Mohan headed towards his hotel. He was not feeling well.

——-

As soon as he went to his bed he went into fast asleep.

On the very next day Mohan reached there at the same time eagerly. He was excited to see the boy. The boy was already playing there.

Mohan stretched his hand to shake and said,” Hi, I am Mohan. I am from Delhi. Why don’t you tell me something about you?”

The boy replied, “Hi dude, I am Keshu.”

Mohan said,” Hi Keshu! It’s a nice name. I think it’s a synonym of mine.”

They became friends gradually. Now Mohan forgot to inquire about his mother. They played together. They laughed together. Actually they were filling each other’s vacuum.

Mohan realized that the boy’s big eyes with heavy eye lashes, starved for love. The two little sparkling, mesmerizing eyes attracted Mohan. He also found that some invisible, yet strong string is somewhere between them which gradually took them closer and closer.

With the help of fresh atmosphere and the little friend’s company, he started recovering fast. Nothing in the world could heal him as this small boy’s company. For the very first time Mohan felt to be loved and cared. He felt completely contented. Nothing else he required from his life now.

——-

After playing with the Keshu, Mohan returned to his hotel room and took bath with Luke warm water. He was tired. Instead of having dinner he preferred a cup of hot coffee. He was eager to go to his bed and dream the same dream which he had been watching for last 8-10 years. He finished his coffee and slipped in the warm bed. He took himself in his beautiful past.

Once Mohan was heading towards the college, he overheard some sounds behind the bush.

Male voice, “You have to marry me else I will die. You will be charged for this. I will commit suicide. Please say yes to me. I beg. Please.”

Female voice, “I am really concerned to you but for me you are just a good friend.”

Male voice,” See, I have a knife. I can cut my wrist and can die right in front of you. Please say yes. Come to me forever. I love you so much.”

Female voice, “What rubbish! Do you actually know the meaning of love? It’s nothing but lust. Love is a very pious emotion, Suresh. Why don’t you understand? I really don’t have any such feelings for you.”

Male voice,” So, to whom do you feel like that? With whom you want to sleep? These rosy cheeks belong to whom? Damn it. That must be Mohan. Isn’t? But, I warn you, he is a poor guy. He can hardly give you bread to live. Got it?”

Female voice, “You are sick, Suresh. You need a Psychiatrist.”

Male voice, “Oh I see, you mean to say that I am mad.”

Nobody had the idea that Suresh was schizophrenic. He had a different world of his own. He suffered from hallucinations.

Juhi started sobbing.

Mohan appeared there at once, when he heard Suresh’s name. He was trembling out of fury. He was stunned. To his surprise, Suresh was proposing Juhi forcibly. What a ferocious boy was he!

Mohan was smoked. What to do next?

Suddenly, Juhi embraced Mohan tightly, as tight as she could. Mohan got his conscious back. Suresh disappeared swiftly.

Mohan patted her shoulder to console. He took her to a nearby coffee shop. After a while she felt a little relaxed.

Mohan asked politely, “Juhi, are you ok now?”

Juhi replied, “Hmmm”

Mohan asked,” How do you know Suresh?”

Juhi replied, “We are from the same orphanage. I think he is a paranoid or schizophrenic. He scared me. I don’t like him.”

Mohan asked, “Oh I see. I will speak to him. Relax.”

Mohan ordered two cups of coffee and let her relaxed. Mohan took her hands in his hands and pressed a little to console her. Out of shyness her cheeks were ablaze. Her black suit was nicely fit on her. Her silver ear rings used to dangle and smooch her cheeks so often. She left after finishing her coffee.

Mohan was still in shock for Suresh’s behavior.

He decided that he will certainly speak to Suresh.

For some reason he had to move to his home town and it took a month. When he got back, he could see neither Suresh nor Juhi. He wandered for his love. He prayed to God to help her and to save her. He was very much worried about Juhi. He did not get any clue. He searched on Facebook, inquired to her friends and the entire search engines on internet but all in vain. He understood that he had to spend his entire life all alone, without his love.

After that he never went to any date, never talked to any girl. He indulged himself in his studies and further in job.

He was so depressed. He left the idea of even a glance of Juhi. He cursed himself to not to express his feelings to her.

And as says, “The show must go on”. He crossed his 30 now. He isolated himself totally and became a heart patient.

———–

It was a sunny fresh morning. Mohan was feeling much better. It’s so strange that love has a magical role in our lives. Sometimes medicines can’t do, which a person’s love and care can do.

He got up quickly and rushed to meet Keshu. While sitting on the soft grass, he sensed some familiar fragrance after so long. He opened his eyes at once. A lady was carrying Keshu back. Mohan was desperate to see her but he could not.

On the very next day Mohan came in the valley a little earlier. He wished to see the lady at least for once. He waited for long but Keshu did not appear. Mohan again found himself in a deep and dark isolated well. He drowned in a great grief.

After a couple of days, Once Mohan was sitting and inhaling the fresh air. He was asking the God to give him the reason to live. To whom should he live?

To his surprise, Keshu appeared from nowhere.

Keshu asked with a grin, 

Hi! I am here to take with me.”

Mohan surprisingly asked,”Hey.Keshu, where have you been? I was looking for you dude.”

Mohan was delighted. He tried to lift him but Keshu denied.

Keshu said, “You should not lift me up, it may hurt you. I know you are a heart patient.”

Mohan got wet eyes to see the concern of the little one.

Keshu spoke sadly, “It was my father’s death anniversary, so we were busy in that.”

Mohan asked in low tone, “Oh, I am extremely sorry. When it happened?”

Keshu replied, “Mom told me that he was an impulsive person. He was died all of a sudden. We could not even provide him first aid. Now we two left alone in the family.”

Mohan consoled him by wrapping his hand around his small body and gave him a warm hug.

Suddenly he pranced merrily and said,” I have something very special to show you.”

Mohan asked, “What?”

Keshu replied,” I have a letter.”

Mohan surprised, “Oh, a letter?”

Keshu shied and said, “But, in the entire letter you will get only two words, Mohan and Juhi.

Mohan snatched the letter from his hands hastily. He tried hard to read that but could not. His water filled eyes could not see clearly. He was as happy as a kid feels happy to get his favorite ice cream. He started turning and rolling the letter.

Mohan wonders,” Where is Juhi? Is she your Mom?”

A tender voice came from the back.

Juhi said politely, “I am right here Mohan. We suffered for the unknown sin. It would not happen, if we ever expressed our feelings.”

Mohan looked at Juhi. She had not much changed yet. She was standing with her evergreen pretty, die for smile.

Mohan was embarrassed, “I am sorry. I am your culprit. Because of me you had to suffer all those hardships.”

Mohan had tears. He muttered,” Oh, Juhi my soul craved for you. But how do you come here?”

Juhi said all in a single breath,” When you left to your home town, Suresh forcibly took me here and married me. He had been in the delusion that I loved him. He had a fear to lose me too. He always used to torture me against your name and our relationship. I tried to make him understand but he never listened to me. Suresh was really a schizophrenic. I tried to help him but he used to throw the medicines. He wanted to win me but he could not win my heart Mohan. So when he used to lock me in the room after beating badly, writing your name was my only hope.”

Tears were started roiling down on her cheeks.

Mohan said, “Oh my God, you suffered a lot Juhi.”

Juhi wiped her tears.

Juhi asked,” Tell me about you.”

Mohan replied,” I spent my life in your remembrance only. Still as bachelor as you left.”

Suresh was never nice to Keshu. They never had a father-son like bonding. With Mohan, Keshu had a bonding of love and security.

Keshu hesitatingly asked, “So would you come along to our place, dude? May I call you Dad?”

Juhi blushed.

Mohan nodded and lifted up in his lap. Now, Keshu didn’t deny.

He replied, “You are most welcome my son.”

Keshu asked,” So, why to delay? Mom and Dad?”

Mohan looked at Juhi and questioned from his eyes, for which Juhi lowered down her big eye lashes.

Now Mohan felt as light as a feather. He wished to fly high in the sky.

Mohan asked merrily, “So, you people came here to take me along? I am ready to go with you but I have a condition.”

Juhi understood his romantic mood so sent Keshu to play.

Juhi widened her eyes, lifted her heavy eye lashes with sparkling and mesmerizing eyes behind and asked, “And, what’s that?”

Mohan came closer to her now.

Mohan whispered in her ears softly, “I need the same tight hug, which …..”

Juhi busted into tears. Mohan consoled her and took her in his arms. She embraced him tightly with her lean arms. Mohan kissed on her cheeks along with the same silver ear rings.

Mohan whispered,” Oh Juhi, love you so much. Please never leave me alone. By God’s grace we united but it’s too late.”

Juhi also whispered,” It’s late, yet perfect.”

The crystal ice started melting in the arms of strong mountain.

Now the beauty of nature presented Mohan the reason to live. He got love of his life. It was a fresh cold breeze having the fragrance of saffron, adding romance in the air.

Now Mohan also had a family to love and care.

__END__

