Love Short Story – RUN AWAY

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sweet smell of Jasmine enriched my olfactory buds. And I opened my eyes from drowsiness to see the evening sun was just peeping out of clouds to say goodbye for the day. I was leaning on the wall of a building which had branches of jasmine plant dangling at my side .I couldn’t recall exactly how I ended up here but upon introspecting I could see nothing just that dark empty room. Cold was building up and my thin material cloths didn’t suffix me. The dim yellow light of the street made me even paler and ghost like . I guess that was why the dogs were barking at me. Though, they didn’t dare to attack me.

My body was aching. I had to reach at the station, where he was coming . We had plans to leave the town in order to live peacefully away from all this mayhem. I know you would argue that I am silly woman to run away like this and I am just throwing away my life. But believe me I know what I am doing. If I stayed here it would be dangerous to my life, because my husband has found out about us.

My head cleared at this thought. My boyfriend had asked me to come at the station. I called my GOD to give me strength to travel till the station. I didn’t know if anyone could endure such excruciating pain, like in my abdomen and back, but I guess it’s what love gets you to do, all the impossible. It’s always love isn’t?

I took a tempo ride to reach at my destination. Some loquacious ladies started to talk to me .My mind wasn’t exactly following them. Nor did I make any attempts to look particularly attentive. Then at a distance I saw him approaching.

What is love? I have read many books on it. But I swear to GOD I don’t understand it. Later, I came to think that it is the harmony and synchronization between two souls who are long lost parts each other. Hence, by default they know their counterparts at first glance .I hope, I am clear. I don’t have any other way to explain it.

The pain was killing me .The passerby didn’t notice me, I was scared that somebody will recognize me and report me to my husband . My uncle is an affluent citizen of the city  and I had become a tool for him to built his gregarious social standing even more powerful. He had made my match with city’s extremely wealthy man’s son . His father had every politician, official and government in his pocket. My husband was philander and a psychopath. Despite this knowledge my uncle married me to him. My husband’s love was all over my body in form of buries cuts and beatings.

The ancient clock announced 10 o’clock . My head was throbbing I was sure it would burst open .I was going to faint. But my heart was pounding loudly at his sight. He was my husband’s bodyguard. At my honeymoon when I was abandoned by my husband in a strange city’s hotel, he was there to tell me that my husband would not be joining me after all and if he could help me with anything . I had asked an ointment for broken heart.

At first I didn’t trust him. But slowly I got to know him better. And even, though he was always in difficult situation, regarding me and my husband; he always did what he thought was right. I don’t remember how we got close or at what point. I do remember him at my wedding day . He was just standing behind my groom-to-be and when our eyes locked, I could feel the intensity of his gaze. It was like the universe had goofed up big time and we were its two victims just begging to each other to make it right, somehow. As in our hearts we knew that we were supposed to be together. He was the only thing I remember about my wedding.

When all was said and done the thing is running away is too much of risk.

If my husband got his hands on us right now…I don’t know what would happen to us………………

He approached the pole with dim yellow light. I looked up at him. He is very tall and handsome .My joy knew no bounds at seeing him here.

But he was sad, I could tell. I touched his face in order to tell it was Alrite, finally we were together.

He just looked around and sat down at the footpath .I could not understand his reaction, I too sat down beside him .He took out a newspaper from his pocket and I could see an obituary section …”In loving memory of City’s wealthiest man’s daughter-in-law Mrs. …..”

 

In that late cold night, under the dim yellow street light that lone man started crying violently. My heart went out for him…………………

__END__

