This story is selected as 

LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

It was winter again.

 Cold, dark and silent. I watched the leafless trees covered in snow, the shades of green invisible and only stark blinding whiteness staring back at me , looking so lifeless, a picture of perfect melancholy.

My tired eyes closed for a moment as a gush of cold wind blew past me as I wrapped the mint green cashmere sweater tighter, pulling it closer with my cold clenched fingers . There used to be a time when I hardly felt the cold but instead stomped around on the snow, flinging snow balls at a passing friend and lying dreamily on the ground, making snow angels until my palms would turn pale, frozen and numb, it was many, many years ago. Today as I sit here on the same old creaking wooden bench, I watch as everything around me is still the same, everything so constant, I close my eyes in pain as I realize that it is me who feels incomplete, my life that has suddenly made a drastic turn, leaving me so alone.

As my eyes remain frozen, staring at the package I had brought along, I wonder if I have it in me to open it, I did not know if I could be flooded with memories so soon, I did not know if I was ready to face the pain they might bring along.

I brushed away a cold tear and reached for the neatly wrapped package inside my bag, my wrinkled hands shake as I tried to gently unfold the creased cover on the edges. I knew this wasn’t going to be be easy, I pushed back my gray locks with a sigh, pulled out a sheaf of neatly folded papers and held back tears as my eyes fell upon that familiar handwriting, it was his. Daniel’s words clearly ring in my ears as I begin to read ‘This is for you, my love’ he had said tiredly but not failing to wink and smile at me mischievously.

 

 

 

 I put the letter down and stare at the thick cloudy sky above, not a ray of sunlight, just endless darkness and his words bring back to my memory an incident of such drastic contrast, a life that was so different, a smile that was still alive and not lost.

The ice cream parlours back then were just tiny stores and offered only three flavours, chocolate, vanilla and strawberry. There were no fancy shops with glass counters giving you a glimpse of flavours in all the colours of the rainbow. The shopkeeper simply scooped up the one you wanted from a plastic container and offered it to you in a plastic bowl, if you paid a few rupees more then he would sprinkle chocolate flakes too. On a quiet Sunday evening Daniel and I sat in a tiny shop like that laughing over stupid jokes deciding which movie to go to.

I let the chocolate ice cream melt in my mouth, ‘utterly blissful’, I closed my eyes and savoured the meld of rich chocolate and cream. I scraped off the chocolate on the corners with full concentration, my eyebrows scrunched up in a frown ‘Claire….’, I hardly looked up when he called my name, the bit of chocolate flake stuck to the corner of the plastic bowl earning my full attention. I nudged at it and even tried licking it off and finally with a satisfied smile picked up the spoon and enjoyed the last nibble of ice cream. ‘Claire, I love you’. ‘Oh crap! What the hell did he just say?’ was the only thing running through my mind right then. I was frozen, my mouth closed over the spoon and my eyes wide open and by wide I mean really, really wide. My silence and astonishment lasted through out the ride back home, I really looked like someone turned mute after being struck by lightening.His genuine kind eyes kept flashing in my mind and I wondered if this was really true, was I dreaming?

I often had such crazy dreams but all this really happened, it was actually true. As I lay in bed that night with my fingers tightly curled around my blanket, I finally smiled, I let the truth sink in. He felt the same way. I was not a maniac who was loving someone who saw me only as a friend. Right then I felt like flinging the blanket away and doing a stupid dance all around the room, but I just lay there. Quiet and silent, absorbing it and reliving it all over again. Two days later I told him I loved him too, the moment I did his eyes brightened with so much happiness and the confusion I had seen previously washed away in a second, right then I put an end to my doubts and believed that he really meant it. He always spoke through his eyes and all I could see in them right then was love, deep and unfailing love.

I paused and smiled, flashes of our wedding day playing so vividly before my eyes. I took a deep breathe and imagined every moment we were together, all the simple times that were so beautiful.

I used to wake up in the middle of so many nights and just stare at his relaxed face while he snored gently, his disheveled hair falling over his forehead, his one hand folded beneath his head and the other loosely hanging over my waist. I remember how each day he would knock the door after returning from work and before I could even get to the door Nikki and Drake would fling themselves at him I shut my eyes and sighed deeply,it all seemed just like yesterday,all those smiles still remain engraved in my heart, I still hear the joyous laughter ringing in my ears . I slowly pick up the letter and start reading again…

 

 

 

 

 

 

I held the letter close to my heart, even though he had asked me to smile, there was nothing that I could do to stop the endless flow of tears. It has been a week now since he passed away, a week since his weak heart finally gave up and let him sleep, a week since all I’ve been able to do is weep for my loss. I wipe my tears and reach for the package, I then notice a photograph, its tattered ends looking brown and aged, I pick it up and can’t help but smile when I notice the picture. The huge trees behind, with mist rising right over the mountain tops, him and I, his arms tightly around me and the smiling hazel eyes looking so affectionately down at me, I never liked this picture because I had my eyes shut and was in the middle of a horrible loud sneeze, I never remember getting a copy of it, obviously I had insisted on another pose where I had my eyes open. Now all I see is the endless love in his eyes, the adoration with which he looked down at me, he called himself lucky but it’s me who is the luckiest to find a man who loved me so deeply despite my flaws, someone who loved me for who I am, wholly and truly.

 My eyes turn misty again but this time out of love, for being loved so abundantly. I gently put the letter and photograph back in my bag and slowly rise up to leave.

‘Granny lets go, its getting cold’ Lilly squeaks and hugs me close. I hold her hand and smile at the wonderful life that he has left me with, a beautiful family, so much love. Right then I feel his presence, smiling at me, holding my hand firmly as Lilly and I make our way out of the churchyard slowly, the same misty white churchyard where I had first smiled at him and shred my prejudices.

I knew right then that he would always be there, right within, deep in my heart.

__END__

