Short Love Story – love-message-white

Photo credit: 

 from 

For a very long time she was staring at that box. A box that Sumer gave her the day they decided to break-up. He said to her “Myra, there might be a day when you’ll think of me, you might look at your life and think how it could’ve been different with me. That day you open this box, not a day before not a day after.”

It’s been 11 years now. Life was so much different than before. But she still kept that box, hidden from her soon to be ex-husband and her kids. She kept thinking how she got into this mess. Sumer had tried his level best to convince her to be his better half but she wanted different things from life. Omi was a good guy and things were good in the beginning but there was obvious lack of chemistry since day one. But she thought things will get better with the time. Then after kids she thought it’s her responsibility to be good in the marriage and went along with it. But now it was too much for her and before she knew they were talking about divorce.

She got thinking about Sumer, and she decided to open the box. It was a small wooden box which was almost weightless. With lil tears in her eyes she opened it and to her surprise it had only a piece of paper with a phone number written on it. She was confused, yet she called on it not knowing how will he react or what to talk. When she heard his voice she just broke and couldn’t control her cries. She heard him calling her name. “Myra is that you?”

“You still remember my voice?” She asked baffled.

“Of course you idiot, how can I forget?” He said playfully.

And then there was an awkward silence for a few seconds and she tried to speak. “I.. I’m getting.. I missed you.. I’m sorry.. I don’t know what to say..”

There was a pause and he began “Do you want to meet over coffee?”

“You were so sure that my marriage won’t work? That’s what you’d wish for me? Isn’t it?” Suddenly there was anger in her voice. “Are you happy now?”

He was calm. “I never wished for it, but yes I lived in a hope that you will call someday. I’m glad you did. Whatever happens I’m there for you, at any point of life. I’ve loved you and I always will.”

“I love you too you a#s..” now she just couldn’t stop crying.

–END–

