Love Short Story – And She Said Goodbye

Photo credit: 

 from 

She nervously paced up and down the street that led to the tiny newly built cottage. Her heart threatening to explode any moment. The memories of her past taunted her now more than ever. She had left her home town five years ago in the hopes of moving on but now that she was back, she realised the hollowness of her endeavour. He was the only one she ever loved.

She knocked only twice at the wooden door. She felt the pain in her chest choking up her throat. A young lady, about her age, opened the door. She was relieved it wasn’t him… The lady didn’t recognise her.

“Hi, I’m Sue, I’m an old friend of Timmy…”, she uttered nervously.

The young lady lit up when she heard the name, her brows arched as if she was examining something important.

“Hi Sue, I’ve heard so much about you… I’m afraid Tim isn’t home…”

“That’s alright, I just wanted to see the baby once, if you don’t mind”, Sue added with her sad eyes almost tearing up.

The lady led her in. The baby was asleep, red lips and pale skinned just like her father Sue noticed. She handed a small present to the mother for the baby, a soft pink blanket beautifully packed in a transparent bag with red bows.

Suddenly the door creaked open and Timmy walked in. His pale white face turned red at the sight of Sue. He pulled her by the hand, snatching the package from his wife and pushed her out the door throwing the blanket on the ground. The door slammed on her face.

Not a word, not a word from him. Tears rushed down her cheeks like a flood. She didn’t walk back home. Instead she crossed over two paddy fields and climbed up the hill. It was a special place where she used to meet Timmy almost everyday for four years before she left town. She remembered the first time he brought her there… They had a small picnic party with their friends celebrating their love.. She felt the trees were greener then…

She wasn’t surprised at the way Timmy reacted earlier. It dawned upon her that she deserved it for those many years she had avoided and ignored his calls. She had done so hoping that he could get on with his life. The irony pricked her now that she was in his shoes.

But the arrival of the baby changed everything.

She decided that she will never walk back into his life again. She pulled the chain from her neck, the most cherished gift from Timmy she had been holding on to, and tossed it down the other side of the hill….

–END–

