Love Short Story – A Tenth Urge

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

This story highlights a man’s dilemma in which he tried to fulfill His beloved desires, but for this He had to pay a heavy sacrifice of His son.

She was at Her urge. From the last two years that was the tenth time when she expressed Her desire in such an extreme way. And ninth of them was refused by me and I left Her in the middle of the scene. But today I felt myself in the guilt as I too loved Her very much. I didn’t want to go like other days as I did aware of the women’s anxiety when she was excited and the man would not perform His task completely. Sometimes I did check Sonia in the same way and in return I got Her hard bumps on my back. Then why not Aakriti showed Her arrogance in front of me.I realized that she was made of wax. She simply agreed my refusal and went quietly.I don’ know that what will happen after that ,How she fulfilled Her desires but on that specific moment she made me free.

Myself,Prashant ,A CEO of a Garment company was in a crush with my personal secretary ,Aakriti from the last two years. Though that relation is not reached upto the extreme till now but  many times She expressed Herself in front of me. Aakriti was about 28 ,Her looks were marvellous and She too was a well mannered in every respective way. I was about 35 ,a married one and a father of a two year old kid ,Aarav. Sonia ,my wife ,tied up a marriage knot with me five years back. She was my college affair which later turned in my life partner. A happy married life was the motto of that scene but Aakriti made me realized that marriage was not the only end of one’s life.A man is always staying young if His Heart had a vacant seat for someone in a very special way.

As I went closer to Aakriti, Aarav’s innocent face made me realized that I shouldn’t make Him share with some step-mother. But today Aakriti seemed to be a perfect mother for Him as sonia had already issued a divorce notice to me during the last month. She was unable to bear my friendship with Aakriti though I never ditched Her but I didn’t agree to get some other Personal secretary in place of Her. Being to be lived as a stubborn she decided to go away from my life. Sometimes Egos played an effective role which was paid off later by another. As I had no other option left so I allowed Her for the same because at that time perhaps Aakriti weighed me more than the Sonia. But as Aarav was my responsibility so I was in a dilemma everytime whenever I thought about Aakriti’s urges. I wanted to become a perfect future for my son.

Aakriti’s red lipstick seduced me very badly and I didn’t want to be left Her on that day in the middle of the scene. I undressed myself and held Her in my arms. She was dangling like a fairy. Her beautiful legs from Her mini skirt made me closer and I found myself helpless at that moment to refuse Her. She too was losing Her senses and wanted to hide me in Her lap as she knew that that moment was the result of her long-long wait. Suddenly the waiter knocked the room as He knew that I was on my official leave with my secretary for business meet ups.I quickly dressed up myself and opened the door. My two year old Aarav was in His lap. Sonia had left Him at Hotel reception and from that moment Aarav was my responsibility to look up for. I took Him in my arms and closed the door. I made myself engaged to my son’s love and forgot that I was engaged in Aakriti’s Love a minute before. I thought that that time too she will manage the scene and made me free.

But nobody can guess about a Human urge if it is at its peak. At that moment Aakriti assumed that I was too ready for the scene and so Aarav was her biggest enemy which she unable to tolerate. She snatched Him from my arms and ordered the waiter to look after him at Hotel reception till the next call. But being a father I refused Her for the same and tried to convince her to manage that day only as I promised to manage my next meet with Her in a planned way. But Aakriti didn’t pay any attention towards my words as on That day she was on Her tenth urge. By hook or by crook she wanted to get my warmth. She became furious and in a fit of rage she planned something to get my company with Her. All of a sudden She pulled out the sedative spray bottle from Her bag which she usually kept to be averted from a crime scene. She hit the vapors on Aarav’s face .The sedatives were so powerful that within a second Aarav laid unconscious on the Bed. I stunned and was watching the Aakriti’s behavior with a mute spectator.

Aakriti came closer to me and hold me tightly. In an insane manner she managed to undress both of us. I was a debtor of Her nine urges and so was silent to be paid Her off. My Love, Aarav was an equal participant of his father’s loan and so tried to help me to repay the same. His innocent face turned back and Aakriti’s beautiful face with cunning urges were on my fate. I was on my move ……in every possible way I did my best.

Aakriti was lying on the bed with a face full of satisfaction. Perhaps she won but I was a loser as I had been put a question mark on Aarav’s life forever. Now I realized that sometimes promises converted into urges and that urges will make us helpless if we didn’t fulfill them. I dressed up myself ,took Aarav in my arms and about to leave the room. Suddenly she asked ,” Where, where are you going Prashant ?

I looked Her and replied ,” Will see you next time very soon.I know your nine urges are still pending. Perhaps You are waiting for it but this time i have to go. I wanted to get his “Perfect Mother” back .”

Aakriti paused and replied ,” Why go outside……I am his mother……..a perfect Mother”.

I laughed in an insane manner. Words were hesitating in that moment. With great difficulty a laming tongue spoke some twisted words ,”Your tenth urge was so drastic that I afraid now with your nine urges.that was Aarav’s fate that he came in the middle. But that tenth urge saved his life forever and ever” .

***

