Short Story Love – DESTINED TO MEET

Photo credit: 

 from 

 When suddenly a message popped in her window saying 

Sneha had no friend in facebook till then so she was exited to make a few friends and she merrily typed back 

 and accepted her request.

Sneha was in her college. She was a very beautiful, talented and down to earth girl. She was not a bit addicted to the computer but as it is said 

Same was for Sneha. She was also used to facebook now. Although her friend list was flooding with a number of friends, yet she would come online and chat with her first ever friend on facebook SAHIL SINGH.

She soon became good friends with Sahil and kind of felt attracted towards him. But she had many thoughts along with that like 

Life went on like river and suddenly one day Sahil messaged 

Sneha could not reject his proposal and replied 

Days passed by and Sneha never forgot to chat everyday with Sahil. After a span of about three years, her higher studies were complete and she landed with a job offer. The posting of the job was in Delhi.

OHH MY GOD ….I WILL BE IN DELHI….THE SAME PLACE WHERE SAHIL LIVES and Sneha broke into tears in her happiness. She wold be able to meet the person she loved so much. She also gave this news to Sahil.

 The day soon came when Sneha was in Delhi. She constantly said to her taxi driver 

The taxi driver suddenly felt that he had hit something. Sneha ran out of her taxi and saw a crowd of people. They were surrounding a person who was heavily injured. Sneha understood that the person was hit by her taxi and she immediately placed the person in the taxi and said the driver to take her to the nearest hospital. She placed the person’s head on her lap and blood was smudged everywhere. She suddenly noticed and identity card in the pocket of the person and she thought of informing his family members.

She saw the identity card and could not stop crying. It was written 

She was not sure about the fact that he was his Sahil. So she said 

Sahil immediately recognized that it was Sneha and said 

Sahil slowly closed his eyes as he laid asleep. Sneha was crying and screaming. But she could do nothing. 

__END__

