Love Short Story – My B’Day

Photo credit: 

 from 

My name is Jack. Working with Google, USA.

Her name is Regina, my colleague. I’m in love with her since 2 year and She loves me a lot.

 We both are in living relationship. Those 2 years were passed in a blink of an eye with full of joy and love.

Her love is true and very pure towards me.

But One day while I’m jogging i had continues cough and noticed some blood stains in my hands and unfortunately one day my doctors confirmed me that I have cancer.

I really don’t want to say this to her. Because i promised her that i never make her cry. So i started avoiding her from that day. I vacated our place and i started living alone. I didn’t even gave her a reason y I’m doing this. I never responded to her calls and SMS.

She took me wrong and started hating me like all women do when men ditch them.

But i couldn’t forget her and i couldn’t forget her memories. But i was normal with everyone except with her. That was the worst feeling when something is killing you from inside and u have to act like u don’t care.

After few days even she stopped calling and messaging me.

July 31st, my b’day. Off course she is my ex girlfriend still i didn’t received any call from her or at least a message. I was very disappointed and sat in my balcony.

And i saw Regina’s car travelling from our street. I immediately got down from my apartment and started following her car.

Her car stopped at burial ground and she came out in a black dress with bunch of Roses.

Then i remembered that 31st July’2008 when she is in schooling she lost mother. She told me this on my last b’day. So i thought she came to visit her mom’s cemetery.

But still my mind asked me to follow her steps, my heart asked me to feel her breath, my eyes asked me to see her all the time.

So i followed and went in to the burial ground. Off course it is a graveyard that was very pleasant. Cloudy atmosphere, a slightly drizzling, gentle wind and my Regina in black dress holding some beautiful roses.

She suddenly stood at a cemetery and kept those flowers on that grave, joined her hands and closed her eyes.

In that blink of her eyes a tear drop fallen on one of those roses.

That was 1st time i saw Regina crying. I was watching all this from a corner of one a big tree.

Regina done with her prayer and started walking towards her car.

Then i realized that how stupid I am. She lost her mother on my b’day and I’m expecting b’day wishes from her.

She started her car and went. Then i walked towards that cemetery where Regina kept those flowers.

I came very closer and i found that cemetery with another name which is not Regina’s mother’s.

I really don’t have words after seeing that grave because…

It’s mine.

 Yes it’s damn F**king mine.

Jack Richard

 Born – 31st July 1991

 Died – 19th June 2015.

Distance is a test to see how far love can travel.

__END__

