Short Love Story – Figure out your love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Love is something which makes life beautiful.

This story won’t tell u about how it makes one’s life beautiful. But this is experienced by every single individual at some moment of life. Its a story of a boy(dinu AKA dinanath) who spend his whole life figuring out whom he love but cant able to do and finally he got it.

I myself dinanath sahu basically I was shy kind of boy who always stay away from girls but that year was one of the most defining moment of my life. Slowly a beautiful turns came in my life. “Love”. Earlier I always wonder what is this word . Its not like that we don’t know the meaning of this word but that time it was something different.

A beautiful angel came in my life and the day in 11th standard I saw her I fell in love with her. Actually I am bit filmy. I had started dreaming about her that she will become my wife, I will spent my my every second with her and many more. Those days I was really living on the another world full of dreams and love was all around the air,but I was bit kind of shy and weak actually u can say” fattu”. I can do only one thing just dream and nothing other than that.

By luck she was next to my roll no I got many chance to talk to her but I don’t somehow. I had started taking with her but my topic of discussion is only upto subjects. I thought she also likes me by all my dreams got shattered at that day when I came to know about her boyfriend. The day I came to know about that I cried a lot there is only one pray that i am doing from my heart that “please god give her back to me” again and again I was doing the same. As the day passes my schooling was over. I came far away from my home . Earlier I had only one girl in my mind but when I saw the college girls that suddenly faded away from my mind.

Then I realizes that was noting but ” INFATUATION”. that every body in this world experiences at some moment of his life.

So I had came to college and enjoying my college life soon I had seen my friends geting busy in making girlfriend. I had waited for someone special.as they got girlfriends they get busy in their life. I had started missing the fun that we use to have ,but as life moves on I had also moved on.

It was first year end exam while I was going to write my exam I had seen a girl she is really beautiful and cute. I had started liking her as I was watching her everyday while going and coming. Our second year has started one day she was standing alone I approached her and started the conversation- it was like this

 Me : hiii

 pooja: hiii

 Me: I am dinu. I really feel that u the the one special girl I was always waiting for.

 pooja: what??

 Me : can we be friends??

 pooja: I don’t know u??

 and she goes .. I was feeling shattered thought the how dumb I am in first talk I had told her that ” u the special for whome I was waiting for” .

I use to watch her always while she was going toward her bus at evening.

 One day that was my birthday I go to her and told today is my birthday I was giving party to my friend would u like to come and she told I hardly know u and she refuses to come, I was having cocktale in my hand I had tried to give that atleast but she again refuses to take. after that I had some small talk with that girl but it didn’t work.

She kindly told me to go away as she was having a boyfriend again. I was in same situation. I can’t able to figure it out why it always happens with me only. And again with time I moved on in my life . I’m having lot of spare time and I use to do face book in those times. I use to chat with my friends one day I had sent many random friend request and I had got a notification one girls accepted my friend request.

From next day I had started chatting with her . Slowly slowly I came to knew everything about her. I had heard some where if u knew any girl properly u will fall in love with her and I was in love and this time it was something different really her one smilly brings billions of happiness to me. The more I talk with her the more I fell in love with her. She is so different that I can’t explain . She had made me learn my things that I didn’t know what is love?? she taught me how to love?? and finally I figured out who is my love.

Love is not in beautifulness or cuteness of a girl . Its a feeling that develop in our heart when we entered in someone’s heart .

 “Best way to figure out your love is to figure out your heart and no one your heart better than you”.

__END__

