Love Short Story – Petals

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was that time of the month, my usual visits to my brother and best friend whom I grew up with and possibly got attached to like the cement plastering of a building. My brother is only a few months older than me and so, was hard to tell who was older between us.

I arrived at his apartment at around 8pm Friday, and alas his girlfriend was around too, Brenda, a Ugandan student in her final year. I disliked her particularly because she was in between me and my brother.

I, from a young age, lead a very sad/lonely life and all I had was my brother beside me. Now I’d be walking behind him while he held his girlfriends hand and cracked jokes to her while she laughed a lot. I was jealous.

I’ve been staying with him for almost a week when his girlfriend said that she also has a friend visiting her for a few days. To be honest with myself, I felt relieved because now I would have time to spend with my brother, but you can never rewrite what’s already written.

Her friend came a few days later and like me, escaped her boring life with Brenda. She wasn’t the most beautiful girl I set my eyes on, but something about her made my heart cling the first time we met. Her interest were exactly mine like a carbon copy of my mind. I guess I didn’t know her back then. I saw how she drew so much of herself towards me and I went with it, without making any first move.

Weeks went by and I found myself falling deeper and deeper for this amazing girl and just like that, she was the most beautiful woman on the planet. My visits were no longer about seeing my brother rather, about seeing my beau. One day, as we were watching a scary movie alone, I found my body fondeled all over hers and I was breathing the same air as hers. I remember feeling the softness of her lips on mine, I didn’t kiss her back until I was sure she wanted to kiss me. She was my first kiss.

Days went by and my whole life had a purpose, loving this girl. I poured all my heart into it and she did too. A woman is always a woman, for one day, she got so insecure about me leaving her that she booked me out of her life, I did the best I could to convince her everything was and would be okay.

We had frequent meetings and each time, we get extra intimate, she was my soul mate I could tell. On getting to know deep into each other, I found out that this girl was 6 years older, I didn’t know how to react, at that point, I understood why she expected a lot from me because for her age, I was still a boy.

Nevertheless, it didn’t stop us from going stronger than ever, I’ve never seen her smile like the way she did with me, I, her younger boyfriend decided I’d marry this girl someday, my dream girl. Our relationship hit the highway because it was distant and we had to arrange in order to be together once in a while.

The distance wasn’t good because as much as it kept our bodies apart, it kept our souls apart too. She had become more and more insecure about what I was doing and thought of all the bad things I may be up to since her eyes aren’t around. I was devastated.

I’ve been away from home for a year and going back, I knew it was gonna be a wrecking ball to my relationship. With a time difference of almost 5 hrs, I had to be waking up as early as 5 to tell her good morning, I love her and my entire life became about her. This was the time we became more and more attached because she was madly insecure about everything. I was away for a month but everyday felt like a year on its own.

A very rainy day at my home then suddenly my phone rang. It was her, she made it clear that she knows I’m back home chasing after other girls, I’ve never been shocked and there was no way to prove to her I wasn’t now so I did something that I will regret till the day I am no more on this earth, I told her that I’ll tell her the truth if she could keep a secret, that my brother was cheating on his girlfriend with another girl here, that she’s always been around. In my mind, telling her that sacred lie would comfort her because she also knew about the bond I had with him, I wouldn’t betray him for my own life. Little did she know that my heart now belonged to her and not my brother, not family.

Upon doing so, I spent all my money on a flight reschedule so I could come see her because I knew my relationship was at stake. I had messed up. Two days after my arrival, We arranged for a meeting, only this time, I’d book a hotel in her city and we’d meet and spend the day at the park. I didn’t wear a classy shirt or breathtaking cologne, I only had a bouquet of red roses.

I waited at the park for sometime before she arrived, she was looking raged, I offered her a hug but she refused, gave her roses but she refused, then started ranting about how I’ve always been a lying piece of sh#t, how I’ve never loved her and had eyes for other women, I was so confused. She left without giving me a chance of explanation, I almost fell to the ground, I felt dead.

I went home with tears and thoughts in my eyes, why? I asked myself. I later found out that she told Brenda about the secret I told her. I ended my brother’s relationship. Brenda was so furious at me that she also took it upon herself to lie to my girlfriend, that I too, was after other women back home. Irony huh…

I pleaded and begged for her to listen but she turned deaf ears. I thought to myself, what life are you leaving? I ran away from my family only to come back and loose the one I was after, and worst, I lost my brother, my best friend. When she asked him if the accusation was true, he did what I cowardly didn’t do, he defended me and swore to her that it was a lie, her insecurities didn’t let her believe in blatant truth, I’d lost her.

I locked myself away alone with my thoughts, what I’d done, and if I was to choose between my brother and her again, who was really worth it.

They say family is everything, I swear that’s the truth, and everyday I wake up wishing I made her a part of my family then I look around and see the only person I have left is my beloved brother, my best friend..

–END–

