Will you…?

You never accept me as I am. You want some modifications in me. But is it the love?? I always thought that to love someone means to accept the person truely! without any conditions. Surely we want to change the bad habits of each other but I must say that are bad habits and not the nature..

The purest form of love which I have seen in my life is my mother. I argues with her,fight with her but still she loves me alot and always will, no matter how much I argue! Because in the end all these arguments will end on love.

I know we are couple. Our relation cannot be like that. But what I always dreamed off that our relationship must be stronger than that because my mother is just emotionally close to me. But you are close to me emotionally as well as physically.

Relations since birth are god gifted. They are natural. Our love for parents, for our family is natural. But our relation started just now. It will take time to understand each other,to accept each other.

Sometimes I wondered,”Do you really love me.” If yes then why you dont support my thinking. You always oppose it. You call me a feminist. I want to talk to you what i feel about our society,country but you will say leave it. Why???

Sometimes I thought your thinking is not progressive. You talk to me rudely and when i was upset on your rude behaviour and dont talk to you,you even dont try to call me.

When you support the marriage of you sister at that early age,it hurts me. You said that she has not to be self dependent because there is no need. Do you think that girl should be self dependent only if there is some need??

So are you not the person of my type? But dont be happy because I am not going to leave you. You know why??because i love you…

List of things is long. But i  know you are also upset with my bad habits.

We are humans and both good and bad habits are in our blood. What matters above all these things is our love,our togetherness. If we can overcome our quarrels and nest day again feel love for each other,then absolutely we are perfect couple. Your smile gives me happiness and you care about me.

This is the enough reason to be with you. I promise you that I Will be always yours only yours.. I will accept you as you are.

Will you……..

–END–

