Love Short Story – The Beast

Photo credit: 

 from 

Many of you might have heard the fairy tale “The Beauty and the Beast” in your childhood itself. But what I am going to tell you now is something different. This thing that happened to me. I don’t know if I was beauty or not but I definitely saw the beast.

That day was my sister’s marriage. Every one was busy in those marriage works. I was 18 years old at that time. Being the sister of bride everyone’s eyes were on me. Many told that I was looking pretty. Even I felt the same. My mother called me and asked to bring the necklace which she forgot at my aunt’s home. The house is not so far, it just takes a couple of  minutes to reach there.

After walking a few meters, I saw a huge black creature, more than 7 feet tall, with glowing red eyes. It was a beast. My heart skipped a beat. It took me a couple of seconds to realize what’s happening around me. I couldn’t believe my eyes. It was looking at me and started walking towards me. Now the only option I have left with me is to start running and escape from it and I have done the same. It followed me. My running is equivalent to its walking. Then I found a house whose door is wide opened. To escape from the beast, without any second thought I entered the house. I was successful in closing the door but failed to lock it as it stopped me from doing so by pushing the door. Now the beast is right in front of me. To my surprise, it turned and locked the door.

I looked around. There’s no way to escape from there. I was locked in that room with the Beast. I thought my death has come near. My parents, my family, my friends, everyone came to my mind at that time. Tears started rolling down my cheeks. The Beast was keenly observing every expression of mine. I started moving back till I reached the wall so that I could live a few seconds before it kills me. It came close to me. I have no choice but to become food for it. Praying God, I shut my eyes tightly taking last breath. Nothing happened for a couple of minutes so slowing I opened my eyes. “Don’t be afraid, I am not going to kill you. I would prefer killing myself rather than harming you”, said the beast. I couldn’t believe what I heard.

Slowly it came too close to me, took my hands in his and explained how much it loved me, how it took care of me without my knowing, and said that I could be the only one who could turn his life. Though I was surprised by the beast talking to me, frankly I didn’t believe that only I could reform his life. But I was so much melted by his love and care that I immediately fell in love with him. At that moment I didn’t even think if such a relationship could be possible or not. I accepted his love. We hugged each other and passionately had a kiss. The Beast asked me to go home as my parents would be waiting for me and asked to take care of myself. He opened the door and I walked out.

After stepping out of house, what I saw is large number of people gathering around the house. I quietly walked away from that house. I could hear them murmuring something which I didn’t understand. By the time I reached my home, I could clearly understand what they were talking about me. They were telling that I was the one who loved the Beast and that I don’t have any common sense to do so. They were calling me the most stupid girl in the world. I walked till the main gate of my house but my heart didn’t accept me to enter inside. I started moving away thinking what to do. I couldn’t tell my decision of loving the Beast to my parents and I even couldn’t forget the Beast, cheating him and marrying another person.

The only thing I could do now is to commit suicide. I don’t have any other option left with me. As everyone are busy in marriage works nobody will think of me now. After taking the decision of what to do now, I felt happy. My life is going to be spoiled in my own hands than any other’s. This thought satisfied me. Then I stopped a cab, entered in it and asked the driver to start the cab. He asked me the destination. My idea was to jump into the river. So I told him to move on to a nearest river. I don’t have any money with me. So I gave off my precious ring which my parents gifted me on securing top marks. As soon as the driver left I saw the surroundings of the river. There was a bridge on it which connects the two sides. By confirming that there were nobody around there, I started walking down the bridge.

As soon as I reached the half of the bridge I felt I could now jump from there. I thought so because I have heard that rivers are often deeper at centers. I prayed god to kill me as soon as possible without struggling much. In a few minutes I am going to die. For the last time I thought of my parents and jumped off the river. I closed my eyes. I could feel my body floating my air. But something caught me in the middle. I opened my eyes to check but was surprised to find its none other than the Beast. “You should’ve killed me before doing this,” he said with tears in his eyes. I explained him my situation and said that I could neither live with him nor lead a life without him and asked him to allow me to die. I moved away from him and jumped off into the river again. I could feel the water entering into my body and not allowing me to breathe properly. I lost consciousness.

After sometime I woke up. I was in a strange place which I couldn’t identify. But it seemed very pleasant. The beast wasn’t with me anymore. Instead I saw a young handsome man who might be the most beautiful person in the world. The man said that he was the cursed to become the beast as he criticized a witch about her horrible face. The witch made him as a beast and said that he would remain as a beast until he finds the one who would sacrifice her life for his love.

Thought I felt my bad for my stupid thought of committing suicide I felt happy that he regained his human form. We married with our parent’s permission and now I was telling this as a bed time story for my children.

–END–

