I have loved you beyond imagination. The only thing I never did was saying I love you. I love you I love you I love you I can write it thousand times or yell in front of everyone else except you. I really can’t express these words to you but believe me I really love you. Love was there only when I took a sip of your coffee from the same cup and the same chocolate we had bite. Love was there when I bunk my office just to meet you for five minutes. I left my friends and parties in the middle for so many times just because you made a call and asked me to leave. Was not that enough to understand I am in deep love with you? Ok, this might be a symptoms of friendship too but what about changing my hair design, my dressing pattern and even many of my personal habits. Was not that enough to understand I am in deep love with you?

Leave all those, I kept my password in your name and shared it with you. My facebook was yours more than myself. I gave you full authority to block anyone or add, chat or delete. Well, that’s too not enough for you. I did learn cooking your favorite foods. I did join aerobic classes and I spent most of the money on you and your useless demands. That was again not enough for me to prove my love for you.

When I texted you, you were always busy but yeah you love me nah because you say I love you. When I place a call and you always swipe it off but yes you love me. 4-5 times a week you say I love you and the girl who thought of you 24 Hour did not loved you because I did not say I love you. Its good I got a tragedy with you. A guy with such a narrow mind and a conservative thought would have never made me happy enough whose life was stuck in those three words and not in the million of things I did for him. Good fortune !!! He left me and let me love myself for who I am. I read somewhere a phrase “I am a girl and my happiness belong to whom? Myself or himself? and my answer for this is absolutely myself.

I love you I love you I love you Myself.

–END–

