After long time I met someone…senior to me in every sense.

I don’t know exactly what was there in him that made me attracted towards him. Well I don’t think that “attracted” would be right word to justify the feelings for him.

First meet, well nobody can ever imagine… we met at a dairy, I mean I was waiting for him to come so that we could go office together. He was my branch manager. Hairs had white strand, loose pants bit old fashioned and a shirt…well pressed but no comments. He had a bag in his hand which I guess was a sign of big bank officer. We travelled office in rickshaw, he sat near me…or I would rather say too close to feel each others deo. He was well mannered, now this I can say by the way he was sitting beside me. He was holding his bag tightly enough and with other hand the seat behind me. With all the shocks given by rickshaw we use to be just thrown up in air and while landing back all his arrangements use to shatter and he use to quickly readjust him. Well this was our first meet.

I had always seen the bank as customer, now I was suppose to see the world from other side of the table. He sat behind me, watching me work and also teaching me almost whatever he could. I was bit scared of his nature because I saw him howling on customers. It wasn’t his fault but for me everything was new. He was humble with me, but at the same time he had warned me that he will teach me things only once so better I write down the things. I agreed after all I was left with no option. Soon approached my training that too far away from my hometown. Hardly fifteen days had passed but he knew that I was afraid of leaving hometown as I had no one to take care of me. He extended his hands as a guardian. I was happy.

But soon we had a fight between us, or I would rather say, he dominated me, he scolded me for first time and that too the horrible one in my whole life. I exactly don’t know what was his feeling were while scolding me but I felt it a sign of protectiveness and more than that possessiveness. I came back to hometown with a fear, how to face that person who was so angry that he could even punch me and break my small nose. We had silence between us, but I wasn’t the one to be in silent mode for more than a day, I somehow managed to whoosh away his anger. Since that day we never had such horrible day in our life.

Time passed by and our closeness grew stronger that yesterday. I was aware of the fact that this would one day become cause of my suffering but at that moment of life I was in need of someone and that someone was him. He had a lovely family, two kids, beautiful wife and supportive parents. In spite of this truth I was willing to make him a part of my life. With his support love and care my whole life changed and there was no looking back ever. We had many beautiful moments and so many fights but all were won my me. He brought my life back to the track where my dad wished to see me racing. We could work together for much long time. He got promoted soon that too twice in front of me.

The day he left the city I was like all alone just like the first day when I joined bank. I cried howled and felt helpless, though I always knew that a day will come when he will be back to his family and I will be lost again. He is now in his hometown with his family and me in other town with my family. He tries every possible way to be with me but I am no more the same, I can’t bear the thought of him being with someone else. Till today I had never dreamt off getting married because my aims goals are far bigger than this, but whenever I think of making someone part of my heart I just wish, he be either like my dad… or like him.

This song dedicated to him….

Sadiyon Se Tarse Hai Jaisi Zindagi Ke LiyeTeri Sauhbat Mein Duaayein Hain Ussi Ke LiyeTere Milna Hai Uss Rab Ka IshaaraMaanu Mujhko Banaya Tere Hi Jaise Kisi Ke LiyeKehte Hain Khuda Ne Iss Jahan Mein Sabhi Ke LiyeKisi Na Kisi Ko Hai Banaya Har Kisi Ke LiyeTere Milna Hai Uss Rab Ka IshaaraMaanu Mujhko Banaya Tere Hi Jaise Kisi Ke LiyeKuch Toh Hai Tujhse Raabta Kuch Toh Hai Tujhse Raabta Kaise Hum Jaane Hume Kya Pata Kuch Toh Hai Tujhse Raabta

–END–

