Love Short Story – We all have one Life..!!

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sun Shines never struck my life once she was gone. We all are presented with one life and I was forced to spend this life in darkness. I often wake up in all of sweat and pain. Flashbacks troumized my mind time and again. I screamed but only walls could hear it.

“I… Love…. ” I got up. My heart beats faster than normal but very known to me. I passed my fingers all through my hair and looked at my pillow buddy, it was wet with my tears. My house was with two floors, many rooms two landlines one TV but no humans. I guess I used to be a human once and now a walking dead.

Out from bathroom, I dressed myself up. ‘Tring!! Tring!!’ The phone rang but I didn’t concern to pick it up and it eventually ran silent. “Looking handsome na..??” I said to the pic of the love of my life. “5 years past. I miss you.”

“Don’t miss. Life is just one. Live it. Love it. Never waste it.”

She looked beautiful in that white gown. She cleared the tears out of my cheeks, I lift my hand up to touch her but she vanished. I smiled. “Life’s just one. But I can’t live it without you. All your teachings are out of my mind now. I am no more your Shaan.” I looked at the pic and continued, “I wish I would be. I love you.” I moved out to the garden area to pluck a red rose.

“For me..??” She was back again.

“For who else could it be..??”

“Who knows if you have found a new GF.” I nodded my head with a smile. “Then find one. Be happy.” She said it and was gone. I sat onto my driving seat of car, ignited the engine and hit a ‘go’.

“Wear your seat belt. Please.” She showed her concern.

“It doesn’t matter if I die.” I protested.

‘Creeech!!’ I had to apply a sudden break as a girl bumped into my way. She ran to the front seat door, opened it and sat by my side. “Let’s go.”

“Sorry..?” She had hit her BF a while ago for doing a con on her. She also had hit his new GF with a bat.!! And now they were after her.

‘Creeech!!’ The last time I applied break and she broke into my car while this time I did it to put her out of the car. But……” Dude. Life is just one. We gotta live it. Love it. Not waste it.” She occupied my eye sight for some time.

 “Hi! I am Natasha.”

“Shaan.” We introduced ourselves.

‘Boom’ A wheel got punctured and we had to walk. “So. You had a break up and you still happy..??”

 “I am not happy. I am hurt. But I know I will be doing the fun again in sometime.”

 “Ahaan. So basically it was crush or time pass.”

 She looked at me for a few seconds and spoke up, “It was a 2 years relationship. I loved him more than anything else. But just for this one reason I can’t cry for all my life. There are so many reasons to be happy for, than to cry for. You only need to look at them.” She said and winked.

I remember the way she used to hug me while I sat on a sofa sad for not getting a promotion. “Life is all of challenges. You can loose one but keep the hope up and win many.” This girl just reminded me of her.

 “I loved a girl.” I said.

But she cut me and, “I knew you were depressed the moment I met you. She is your past and past is not real, it’s what happened once we should either learn from it or simply forget it.”

“It’s not so easy.”

“It’s not that difficult either.” She absolutely was a xerox copy of her. Always happy, smiling, master of life, cute and crazy.

A hand came reached to me on left, it was her, “If you loose the one whom you love then live for the one who love you.” “What happened..??” Natasha asked. I nodded and opted silence. “End of a person isn’t the end of life. It’s the beginning of a journey with some other person.” I stopped. These were the words she uttered moments before she passed out. Natasha came up to me and placed her hand upon my cheek, “What were the last thing she said before her death..??”

Bang! She was struck by a truck and admitted in a hospital. “I am happy that I’ll die in your arms. Love me forever but never miss me. I’m with you always. Marry a girl, have kids, be happy, it’s my dream. Love you..” She kissed my forehead and breathed her last.

“It’s upto you if you want to die in her pain or live in her love. Make her dream come true. Find love, be happy, I am sure she will be.” We reached her graveyard. I placed the rose upon her grave, went on my knees and prayed for her happiness.

I opened my eyes, “You love me..?” I shook my head. She came close to me and kissed my forehead. “Be happy. I love you.” I got up and found Natasha still waiting, “How many years.??” I smiled. “I want to live my life. Love my life. And not waste my life.” I hugged her and pulled myself back. “Friends..??” She smiled as I asked and hugged Natasha again while I saw her for one last time, but this time with a true smile on her face.

–END–

