Love Short Story – My Boss’s Moustache

My Boss’s Moustache – Love Short Story

With a nice gentle touch, he traces his thick moustache and reaches the end and then twists the edges into shapes that should appear like horns. Faces appearing broad like bulldog and terrific like devils, he sees upon his pupil. He doesn’t have a beard but pretends that he has a one and so does he; he thereby senses his beard with fingers and sees upon his pupil. He watches him keenly at displeasure trying to find out something. And now he relaxes his back on his chair and with his eyes wide open.

Right ahead and on the other side of the wall, his student is chatting with his beloved girlfriend. Right ahead and on the other side of the window and on the corner the young man sings, he sings and sings the song from the movie ‘Luck By Chance’,

“When the winds start to blow, it rings the bells of our love; and the winds, the nature and the skies listen to it; when the winds start to blow, it rings the bells of our love; and the winds, the nature and the skies listen to it”,

and the mobile speaks with female voice, “and this is the reason why the flowers blossom with fragrance and this is the reason why there is magic in the mountains and in tributaries and this is the reason why they blossom”.

The young man sings with his girl friend and enjoys the time in love and by sharing the love he has bestowed on her.

The harsh voices come from the boss’s windows, “Shekhar, where is the manuscript?“

“Yes sir, it is here”, and he swiftly turns his call off and moves to boss’s cabin

“Sir”, the student speaks

“What is the problem with you? I have told you very earlier to submit the manuscript to me, Right? Where is it?”

At lower decibels he speaks while engulfing his words, “Sir, I have …. manus..ca….  sir I …”

“What the heck is with you?” replies the boss

“Sir, I will be engaged with my girlfriend after few months and that she is coming here with her family in 3 days and now I am busy to get the tickets ready for them and other family related stuff and things related to engagement. Kind of bit late at working these days sir, I will soon finish it, please give me some more time”.

Shekhar can no way to go to his girlfriend’s house but to just wait for her. A day off is a matter of big concern for the boss and therefore Shekhar can only choose to take leave for those days which is very important. Going to his girlfriend’s house means a commitment of 2 weeks and therefore he cannot get there and that too at this point of time.

“Oh, I also have an engagement with my wife, so should I quit my job? You had all the time and now you want the whole year?”

“No sir, I mean“, and then he goes into slumber mode

“I need no excuses from you, submit it by tomorrow night or else”, giving a angry look at his student his moves his hand away

The student leaves the cabin with sadness. He calls his girlfriend, “Meera, my boss is angry at me, I think I should work now”

“Issssh”, she replies with hissing sounds in irritation, “If I were there I would have taken off his moustache, what does he thinks about himself? “And then she continues..

“It’s okay Meera. Will catch you soon, alright?”

Now he relaxes his back on his chair and takes a deep breath and closes his eyes.

 

At the University Park they sat over one corner where there is nobody nearby. He is sat facing the ground and so does she.

With suspense in her mind, she sat near him.

He says, “I have been holding my breath off for this moment to say something, Sharmili. From nowhere, my heart has suddenly started to beat so rapidly today that is pushing me to say. When smiles of chillness reach my ears the needles of my biological clock starts slowing down. I don’t understand what is going on with me today that my heart speaks to me to say. That countless affection I have endured for you, in my heart.”

The princess Sharmili smiles at him and lays her head over his shoulder.

 

On his back he rests, wandering where his thoughts were leading him towards.

Love has inflicted upon him his life and has caused lots of pain that has left behind a big hole in his heart that can never be filled and never be cured. He has lost for himself as he has not forgotten all those memories he enjoyed with his dear, his beloved, his girl friend and his life partner.

Gone are those wonderful days when she used to trouble him at shopping, gone are those moments when she use to caress his moustache, plucking those white hairs. It is she who has given the shape for his moustache and it is she because of whom he has started to grow the moustache, because it is she who says that he appears like a gentlemen with the moustache.

And gone are those days of watching her singing in the kitchen and those days when they used to sit together at the University Park.

And now, he is left alone; living but living for no reasons.

Suddenly he realizes in his heart that something went wrong and something went wrong.

He opens his eyes and calls, “Shekar, just come in”

“Yes sir”

“Okay, you can just take a week off and come back after your engagement stuff is over and resume your work quickly”

He gets bit shocked for a moment when he heard his boss granting him leave. He is bit confused. “Sir, are you granting me a leave for one week?”

“Yes my boy, go and when you come back I want the manuscript ready by next day”, and then he leaves the cabin with happiness and shares the good news with the girlfriend and takes his bag and goes back to his home.

Finally he settles the issue that was upsetting him. He pulls the drawer and takes his beloved photo; of his girlfriend. And says,

“No matter how far you go, you will always reside in my heart and will trouble me with your love as I can never forget you because this is how much I had loved you”, and then hold the photo frame to his chest.

 __END__

