Love Short Story – A Snapshot

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dennis had gone for his usual walk in the park. It was a weekend morning in the season of springs. It was then that his eyes caught a sight of a photograph that was on a bench of the park. It was a photograph of another young girl.

She was beautiful and the spotless face proved it. She had brown hair and hazel eyes. The eyes manifested shyness and a mark of innocence could be seen on her face. The hair that oozed in the air had seemed like they were playing in the air as happily and joyfully as the person she seemed by her face. The serenity around her was captured in the photograph. He could see the beauty in her while he could bet others admired only of her being pretty.

Dennis, although not charming in looks, but was a prince of hearts. He had words that cheered and had deeds that commanded respect. In his young manhood he had inculcated that in himself. Somewhere deep beneath his skin he knew he could never find that girl and even if he did, there wasn’t anything much he could have exchanged anything more than his words, generosity and smile. He was shy after all.

With no second thought, he briskly hid the photograph in his jacket pocket and in a jiffy moved out of the park. He had certainly lost his heart to the girl.

 

Ten Years Later…

The girl with her immense beauty and spectacular intellect became a successful marketing manager. While Dennis, was married to a damsel named Jasmine; and known for his selfless service to the society became a successful activist. Their worlds were apart with lifestyles aliens to eachother.

Then came a day, a day that Dennis had never anticipated would ever come in his life. While Jasmine flipped through the photographs of his childhood days. She found the faded and yet, seemingly conserved photograph of the girl that Dennis had once lost his heart to.

She questioned him as to who the girl was. To which he answered that, it was the same girl who had spelt a charm on him. The girl’s beauty and the serenity that surrounded had left him dazzled.  He was lost in her eyes and the decent clothes worn by her was evident that she was brought up under the shadow of a king. A person who knew that beauty is not in showing, but concealing that is not to be made a show of. Her father had taught her the thin line of difference in being pretty and beautiful.

The girl set down the photograph, as if she was despised of it. She said, “I was always attracted to you by your words and generosity. I have known that you never did anything that comes under the definition of immoral, as your gestures of courtesy and your noble heart shows you were brought up in the arms of a queen.”

She took the picture in her hand and asked, “Then why ever in your life you never tried to find this girl.”

She tried holding onto her tears. He continued speaking keeping his eyes low and voice calm as he felt guilty.

“Looking at her and myself, it seemed as if we were worlds apart and like the banks of a river, who can only see eachother, but never meet.”

Hearing this, Jasmine embraced him and kissed him on his forehead. For it shows respect to him more than love.

She said, “You should have at least tried to look for the girl. She might be married to someone who probably loves her more than you had ever imagined. He would care for her every minute and every second that he is near or miles apart.”

She took another deep breath and continued, “Thank goodness you told me about your true love. At least I have the satisfaction of marrying the person who loves me truly, that too from our childhood.”

She looked at him and smiled as he was trying to understand what she meant. She further conversed, “You dumb, I lost this picture of mine while playing in my neighborhood, and probably you sneaked out with it, falling in love with me. “

****

It was the true love that brought them together. Dennis never cheated and was a prince of his words and Jasmine with her pretty looks was really beautiful.

__END__

