Short Love Story – JOURNEY

Photo credit: 

 from 

The cacophony in the room was getting on to my nerves .The music , laughter and people talking  constantly on top of each other’s voices and practically no one was listing to anybody . Amidst such commotion the turbulence in my heart was of no relief.

The problem with my heart system is that it is constantly undergoing phase of restlessness and vacancy. I was erupting into moods for traveling or some  journey. What I wanted was to really march away from all this and get into a search.

A journey, which would lead me to life entire meaning and purpose. Rummaging into my past, in the corner of the room decorated with flowers, I find that I have been living on in the phase “as it comes by”. But never was I able to suppress these desires to find more, know more.

The people around me were attractive with beautiful anatomy and in their gorgeous outfits. Everyone was smiling at me and no one was able to detect a trace of any disturbance within from my powdered face.

I got up to look around the embellishment of the room. I must say I was at a party of a consummate host. After a chronic session of small talk, I again fell into my inveterate habit of thinking.

I would like to go into a journey where I will find out why I am here? Why I am what I am? I have heard the universe is a cosmos and not commotion. I want to know the principle which governs it.

I want to know why the planet earth has only one moon. I would like to find out a parallel universe which had answers for every being present in it.  I want to know why the earth has such unfathomable depths. I want to know when the time began.

There is so much to know, I feel like a prisoner who is incarcerated from attaining knowledge…….

We were called for the dinner. The food was delicious .The man sitting on my opposite side of table bragging about to be a chiromancer to the woman beside him.

His glib talks and infectious joy made me smile as it always does. He can’t ever be silent and he never falls into a reflective moods, as I do. I have often asked him about all those questions.

And he looked into my eyes and said he has whatever he wants.  He knew all his answers.

I looked up from my plates he was looking at me and in the depths of my husband’s eye, I too saw my answers. My journey was completed at that moment and my restlessness found its peace.

We both smiled and drank a sip of our champagne still holding each other’s gaze.

__END__

