Vulnerability:

Ipshita and Ariyan were deep inside the love. They were vulnerable to their true feelings and they were not into the hide and seek things anymore. It was that beautiful phase of their love when every day every moment they tried to spent on each other. Starting from morning to night their world used to revolve around each other. Happiness, personal life, problems everything they were sharing and they were perusing everything together, it was going smoothly until that day comes…

Darkest time for her:

She was not that well, suffering from fever and few health issues from the last few days.  Though she took medicines, there is no sign of her recovery, throughout this Ariyan was with her. Tuesday early morning 3-5 am she started shivering and fever went to high. She could not get up or help herself, she suffered for 2 more hours early morning she asked Ariyan to come. He came immediately took her for a higher level of treatment and doc diagnosed her with a low level of HB and Jaundice and she came to know about a bitter truth of her life. She is having a chronic genetic disorder, she can’t lead her life like others. She was shattered but the best part was Ariyan accepted her even with these faults. This is what unconditional love, she was looking for years.

Neither far nor to close:

They went to their respective homes for the festival, now they can’t be apart from each other for even a day but they have to be apart for a few days. One fine day they were having their romantic talks and he got caught by his dad and they find out all these days where he was busy. His dad was very angry at him for loving a different community girl, who is not chosen by them. He was under complete surveillance, his phone was taken, all activity was monitored from that time. Somehow he told her to not to contact him. She was parted from him for how many days or months she didn’t know.

That Diwali

This was the last when they were celebrating together Ipshita, Anisha and Meenakshi. They planned to make this Diwali as happiest and as memorable as possible ignoring their bad times and the dark side of life. They were enjoying at its best but Ipshita was missing Ariyan, it’s been 50 days they are not in touch. After the celebration, they were lying down and talking their hearts out. Silent tears dropped from her eyes. 

(

)

