Love Short Story – Girls Lie a Lot

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mohan was just a normal guy… until he found out that he himself has fallen in love with someone…. Just like everyone else, he too had the same feeling and tensions when they love someone so badly. But the problem is he has never been too close with women and didn’t even know how to propose… he didn’t even share this with his class mates or friends….

Time went by… he still talks to her but never made a move to tell her that he loves her….

But inside his mind he was dying… he was very possessive about her… and each and every time he sees her interacting with others he felt really bad and sad…

if he hears something bad about her… he might feel like he has lost everything in his life……they became good friends… he then told this to his friends..and somehow after few days she also got to know about this… she was not at all a girl like that.. so he was told…and mohan went to her and talked to her about his feeling….

it took him more than a year to finally make her accept his love…both were happy with each other… they shared almost everything in their life…they spent time like none else did…

it was divine and everyone was sure, they both will get married… and they were awesome together…

then after someday when he was talking to her he noticed her belly…and asked her to stop eating too much… she was also like… yea i noticed…. i’ve already started to exercise…

things were quite normal after that and nothing extraordinary happened… they both were happy…

then there college closed for vacation… she still called him..told him that she misses him and all…..

two months later classes started she didnt show up…and one of his friend told him that she got pregnant….

 he thought of her belly then and got really sad…evening he called her and asked why she didn’t c0me and she told that she was not home…and went somewhere else…

he believed her and believed everything he said…a lot of people said a lot things like you  never can trust a girl…

 but he never believed them….

finally his friends were right she was pregnant..he learned a lesson…. one can never trust a girl..

he then started advising others by mentioning his example…but just like him they also wouldn’t accept it…

__END__

