She herself raised the topic having no merit. She wanted to confront him. She didn’t want to be angry with him because that would have unnecessarily established her caring for him. She wanted to part ways. But she just can’t leave without setting certain reasoning for same. She didn’t want to feel guilty. But she couldn’t tell him directly on his face about this new guy she just started seeing. She had to find some reason to cut him loose. She was eagerly trying to find that one reason for some days now. When she got none, she manufactured it.

He knew that she was blowing the topic out of proportion. He also slowly started realizing that she didn’t want to be with him anymore, that she wanted to be with someone else. He knew her more than herself. It was quite evident that she wanted some reason before leaving so that onus would fall upon him. And he wanted to make sure that she would get what she wanted.

He started yelling at her, just to make sure that he would be the reason for their break up. Now he tried even harder than her. He didn’t want her to be wrong even when she was. And finally, he only declared that he wanted to break up with her.

He saw her there faking her tears.

How unfortunate..!!She was faking a cry outside while getting ecstatic inside while he was faking an anger outside and crying like a baby inside, crushing his own heart, never to recover.

He wanted to set her free. He wanted to see her happy rather than being with him. He could have accused her of cutting him loose, make her feel guilty for all her life with his sharp words.  But he didn’t do that. He would never do that as he had got one big weakness. Deep down, he was a gentleman, essentially a good person and deep down she was not…

And the irony was, she knew his weakness very well.

She started walking away from him. He kept looking at her back. He wanted to run, hold her from the back and express his love. He wanted to assure her that he would be better than her newly found love. But he didn’t do that. He would never do that.

Once he was out of sigh,. She cheered, danced and shouted with euphoria and she wasn’t faking it now.

Once she was out of sight, he cried…cried and cried…and cried…and he wasn’t faking it this time.

If only she had understood, how much he loved her…!!

–END–

