Love Short Story – The Trip

Photo credit: 

 from 

I wake up early as we were going for the trip which we had planed few days back. It was a dream come true for me as she had also agree to come with us. For her, I was just a friend but for me she means a world. I was so glad and nervous at the same time.

Everybody meet at the parking spot and my friend started the engine. It was the best music to me as my girl was sitting next to me. We talked a bit about the trip which was adventurous and thrilling, and then I was lost in my world. When I get my conscious, they were talking about the woods which we were going to.

Finally, we reached the spot. And we had to construct the tents. We were 3 boys and 2 girls, so it was easy for us to finish the work early. By the time we finish constructing the tents, we were almost hungry. So the two of the boys decided to go and search some good wood which can be use for cooking as a fuel. Her friend also decided to go with them so I was now all alone with her near the tent. I was tensed and nervous.

I stared looking at Purnima and she smiled back. She started the conversation telling something which I was not able to recall as I was lost in her round, brown, beautiful eyes. She pinched me and there I was back to the earth. She asked “where are you mister?”.

Smile was the only answer I could give. And she smiled back which was the most beautiful thing I can get. I tried avoiding eye contact but all in vain.

So after fighting with myself I decided to tell her everything. I looked into her eyes and was thinking what to tell her but was unsuccessful in finding the words. Then I strengthen up and told her that I want to say something to u. she smiled and ask me what was it. My mind was running out of word and I could find nothing. She started looking into my eyes which finally gave me some confidence.

I stared, “Since the day I have meet you, I don’t know why but everything you do seems special to me. I find out that u have the cutest smile I have ever seen, that u have the sweetest voice I have ever heard, that u are the most attractive woman I have seen. I don’t know why all this is happing to me but it seems that without you my life is so boring and incomplete. Your smile brings smile on my face and I feel happy internally”.

Then, I saw the wetness of her eyes, for few second I felt like killing myself thinking that what have I done, but then I heard the word continue from her rosy lips. She was looking so beautiful at that moment that I don’t have word to describe. But then I just manage to say I love you. These were the three word which were with me from the day I learn them but I have never make use of them until today. But today they have come out of my mouth without my knowledge. I was amazed with this amazing feeling of love but then again I saw her eyes, it was full of tears and the tear was just about to roll down.

I put my hand below her face and catch the pearl of her eyes, I told her that I never meant to make her cry at which she smiled and hugged me. I felt so comfortable in her arms that I just forgot the world. Tears of happiness come down my cheek too. At that only moment I came to know that love and being loved are the only things which can make a person both cry and smile at the same time. It was like a dream to me. I was lost again, but soon come to my senses when I heard her say I love you too.

__END__

