Love Short Story – “And This is When I Fell in Love…”

“And This is When I Fell in Love…” – Love Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Aksharaaa” my morning alarm , she is my mom , two things I can never give up and adamance Daily I get up at 5 to catch my stupid college bus, which sort of looks like a dog van painted in yellow and black. Yes I m an engineering student studying Btech I.T in WMM women’s college.I know, its too boring to be in a professional college and that too in a girls one.

To give a clear picture about me :I am tall , perfect in weight ,wheatish in complexion with long hair.I am much of a dreamy person who dreamt about her prince. Actually the mistake is not mine its on these cute  love story books which had fascinated me in the recent past,yes I do have a passion for reading, especially LOVE STORIES.

Two things in this world which could instantly make me happy were pleasant green surrounding  and love story books and the things  I hated: exams, but I was eagerly waiting for this semester to get over so that the really fun begins,it was the most awaited camp of three days in the forests of Hillagiri .It was a camp conducted to educate the locale tribe of Hillagiri where students from different colleges could participate.

Finally the day came when I had packed my bags with all my favourite dress and my favourite story book “twlight”.After a journey of 6 hours we finally reached our destination, and to be true the place was amazing and I could find out the reason why these localities could live so happily without any sophistication.As time passed people from other colleges too started gathering .All colleges were co-ed except one ,it was the MNN boys engg. college , they came to the camping area as if it was their den andthey were to rule here,i kind of hated them.After all the coll had arrived ,we were asked to assemble in groups so that the general announcements could be made.

Post instructions , each and every college was allocated a spot to put up their tents and I along  with my friends was busy setting up one when we heard a bold voice saying “hai ! I am akshat studying 2

 year computer science in MNN engg. college.

The next obvious question would be “how did he look ?.” Yes  he was  too good looking perfect physique ,haircut,dress,shoes  everything made him look awesome.I  hesitated to reply him first but then I thought it would be rude to behave that way ,so I replied Hi! akshara doing 2

 year I.T in WMM engg. coll ,nice meeting you, like wise my friends too introduced themselves .

As soon as we introduced , akshat  turned back winked at his friends and said “akshara suits my name right “ his friends started laughing ,screaming ,yelling u won champ .Those idots had actually kept bet .It was so frustrating ,I regretted for not showing off my attitude  when he asked my name. I was dumbstruck and before I could yell at him he said “u kinda suit me ,nice meeting you akshu n it would be fun to be with you for the rest three days “ and disappeared in a moment saying this ,not even giving me a second to react.

I was so furious on him that I swore to myself that the next three days  would be the worst days for him,but it turned out to be opposite , he never left any opportunity in teasing me. Each time I controlled my temper or my friends convinced me not to react so that I don’t get into any unnecessary quarrel or fight .

Two days passed  and it was the last day of our camp and we were waiting in line for lunch to get food as the MNN coll guys were serving , on seeing me askhat was so happy as if he had got another opportunity to irritate me , I dropped the plan of getting food but my friends convinced me saying that what probably could he do while serving and compromised me to move foward in line. As expected this demon had hell lot of  ideas to frustrate me, he started serving everyone except me people who were behind too  fwd in line except me, when almost the line was over akshat said ”u look like a red pumpkin wen u get angry” saying this he served me and started laughing, I wished I could give him one tight punch so that he would never irritates me again.

As it was the last day we had to clean up the mess which we had created near the camping area. Everyone were busy removing their tents, so was I and my friends ,we kept all our bags  aside and piled up our tend and cleaned our place and we were all set to get back home . Our buses were ready and our staff were taking attendance as we entered the bus one by one , I could see akshat’s bus standing right opposite to mine as I was on the window seat. I saw akshat and his friends running towards their bus  and entering it , suddenly akshat stepped down on the footboard looked at me and with a cute and naughty smile  waved me goodbye, and to my surprise I instantly waved him back without any hesitation, I was so gonna  miss him and his naughtiness which was once a torture for me and in some time all the buses were on its way back home taking different routes, returning to the usual life.

As the 3 days were stressful I had no energy  left and I  wanted to spend  some quality time with my  book and as I pulled my bag ,I found that my favourite teddy key chain which had a big red heart with the symbol ‘A’ in it missing . I searched it everywhere  but I couldn’t find it, I thought I would have missed it in the camping area with the disappointment  I took my book  “twilight”, I was so fascinated by the story  that I wrote a line in the front page as

” I wish I could tell u, how much I have longed to see you ,waited years to be with you and completely fall in love with you“

and to my surprise an additional line was added saying-

“ I too have the same intentions baby lets marry soon”

On seeing this I got furious wondering who would have scribbled this in my book and made fun of my emotions.

Time flew like magic and when I opened my eyes I saw we had reached. I pulled all my stuffs and got down from the bus I was so gonna miss those 3 days Adding to my misery was the fact that  everything would be back to normal  from tomorrow with the same old boring routine college life. Days passed and I successfully completed my four years of college life with distinction.It  was my long time dream to pursue MS in states  and the day finally came when my parents were bidding me goodbye at the airport.I boarded the flight and I was happy that I had got a window seat . As I was peeping out,  I felt a sudden jerk of seat and when I turned to see who was my neighbour I was shocked it was him.

Akshat-I had never recalled this name for the past two long years and the moment I saw him it was  like a flash of memories swirling around my mind and I bet he too he too had the same feeling.When we realized that we were staring each other for a long time he broke the silence with a gentle smile saying

“long time haaan! So for a tour or  some work ?”

I replied “higher studies “

he exclaimed “good me too so which coll” and the conversation went on. He said that he was going to stay with his relatives for some days and then get an apartment,when asked back I said I would stay with my aunt and uncle.Actually I hated to be with them as my aunt was a perfect drama queen but I had no other choice.The plane finally landed and we bid goodbye exchanging our numbers and assuring  to hangout every weekends as both of us were new to this place.

Every week my aunt use to give me a suspicious look when I went out ,according to her everything that I did was wrong , in fact the thought of me pursuing my higher studies here in abroad itself was a big blunder mistake and whenever I use to sit studying here comments were like this-

” what is the use of spending so much on u for studying,your father could  have saved this sum for your marriage”

I would hav heard this  atleast a 100 times since I was here . So I finally made up my mind that I could no longer bear her so I decided to find a house for me and as usual I had akshat to help me.

We  searched but couldn’t find a good place ,either the rents were too high or the surroundings wasn’t safe .After all the struggle akshat suggested  me that if i wish i could move in with him , as he was finding a room mate himself. At first my reaction was like oh my god! But later practically thinking  I thought it was a good idea as the rent was cheap and  most important  I could be myself. It was like being at home with him we distributed work equally like he use to cook and I use to eat ,he use to clean the house and I use to mess it up ,he use to water plants and I use to splash it on him .He never complained even  me being so irresponsible and in recent days after I started living with him I never missed my parents .

He had even become my parents favourite as  I had introduced him as my best friend in web cam , my parents asked me several times that was I interested in him but each time I use to yell at them saying he is my best friend and nothing else.The same kind of questions were asked to akshat by his parents . Both of our parents never knew that we were living together and each time our parents called we had to set up a friend pretending as if they were our roomie & akshat or I  just happened to visit  when the calls from our respective parents came .Sometimes I felt guilty but most of the time we use to burst out laughing as one had to stay quite till the call got over .

One day my aunt  had called  to stay  for two days for some function. I was least interested but as my parents had forced  I had no other choice.I never felt that these two days would change my feelings towards akshat so much ,seconds were like years  each and every second we messaged each other which silly questions like had breakfast lunch etc .I was so into him that I felt as if I was physically here but mentally with him .Finally the function was over and I was happy that I was going back home and my happiness added even more with the fact that I was gonna be with him again .

But when I reached home I found the door closed with a note struck on it which said

“ sorry akshu got some work will join you for the dinner be a good girl and take good rest see you soon “

seeing this all my happiness switched to a sad symphony , I felt bad as he didnt considered  staying back to welcome me. With a sad face I went inside the house and opened my room and oh my god, my room it was so full of flowers and teddys with a welcome back card on my bed and a voice from behind saying

“missed u akshu never leave me alone again”  .

I was so moved for the things he had done for me since  the time I had moved in that I rushed and hugged him so tight that I doubted if he could even breath.

Days went by and we completed our 1

 yr and we were  finally towards the end of 2

 where we  only had our last semester left after which we would be finally graduated from the coll. I wondered  how akshat  could manage me ,household work as well as maintain  excellent academics . I could see him change from a naughty coll guy to a responsible man . Every night we use to stay up preparing for our exams  and after ever 3 hours his refreshing coffee kept me off from sleep .And at times when I slept studying he use to close my book lift me and put me to bed and go to his room . Sometimes even when I was a bit awake I use to pretend as if I was in deep sleep so that I could enjoy the care and affection which he had for me.

Successfully we completed our semester with good scores and got placed in top MNCs. We were just done with our exams and I wanted to enjoy my life to the fullest before getting back home. I remembered that akshat had promised me to teach  bike riding after  the exams and the day came when he borrowed a bike from his friend and told me to sit in front so that he could guide me from back and believe me I had been with him in bike several times and touched him millions of times but this  feel and touch was different. When he leaned forward and touched my hands I felt as if some thunder had struck, I was speechless.I bet even akshat  had the same feeling as he struggled for words each time he touched me or leaned forward with my hair brushing his face.

The day went on weird for both of us and when we returned home our friends were at our place inviting for a party  as in  two days we  would all be set  to leave to our respective hometowns .The party was a blast we  bid goodbyes to each other and while returning I was so tired  that I feel asleep on akshat shoulders and when I opened my eyes next morning I was in my bed with blanket on so that I wasn’t cold. I knew it was akshat who had done all this for me. Everything about him made me feel so special that I started realizing that I was falling in  love with him.

It was the night before we had to leave ,the thought of separation from him was killing me inside but  akshat was so busy with his phone in his room that he never considered speaking to me and when I knocked at his door without even opening it he said

“ I am on a call akshu, I am quite busy I even have my things to pack I will speak to you tomorrow now go and sleep” .

His tone was so mean that on hearing this I rushed crying to my terrace . It was so hard for me to accept the fact that he never bothered to spend time with me even on the last day.I don’t remember how many hours I would have spent crying  over there when I heard akshat calling from downstairs

“come down akshu its already too late“

wiping my eyes I went down  and opened the door and I was shocked, the whole dark room was lit with beautiful candles and the entire room was filled with the aroma of roses ,akshat was on his knees saying

” I wish I could tell you, how much I have longed to see you ,waited years to be with you and completely fall in love with you, I love u akshara will u marry me”.

It was the best day in my entire life. I went running towards him with eyes full of tears and hugged him tight ,his hold was so comforting that I felt not to move an inch from him. He kissed me on my forehead and gave me a present and when I opened it, it was my key chain which I had lost in camp ,I so wanted that moment to freeze for ever .

Next day we landed back home and throughout the journey I was nervous how to convince my parents about the things that had happened in these two years and about our relationship.Waiting in the lounge were both of our parents on seeing them I was so filled with guilt that I never lifted my head until  way back home .We had taken same cab so that we were dropped 1st and later them.When the car stopped I assumed that I had reached home and got down taking my bags when I felt some hand on my shoulder with a tight hold and when I saw, it was akshat I looked puzzled at him and when I lifted my head and turned front my complete house was decorated with light and both our entire family were standing  with my cousins holding a banner saying “welcome back Mr. and would be Mrs. Akshat”

Akshat had told everything to our parents and convinced them the day before we left.I could never imagine how simpler akshat could make things for me and without even bothering about the people around I hugged him like a child,which was followed by a huge scream of my cousins teasing.Our engagement was followed by a big fat Indian wedding with all our realtives and friends .Finally the knot was tied and I am now  Mrs. Akshara Akshat :-)

__END__

