Love Short Story – Ordinary old love

Photo credit: 

 from 

I looked into the mirror and everything was craggy now.

My face looked like a wet monkey cap not wanting to dry during the winters. My neck looked like a series of socks of a baby tied on a string to warm the baby the very next day.

I lowered my neck and gawked at my skinny, crumbled fingers. There was a ruled notebook on my palm; bits were at the back of my hand. There was this essence of mom when she caressed my now-a-notebook when saying that she was proud of me.

And then there was your ring.

Not completely in, not completely out. Just hanging in there in the middle of my skinny finger without any absolution.

Just like you.

No, I didn’t have any disease.

No, I wasn’t mad.

No, I wasn’t really dreaming.

I had loved you. Just when you and me were about to get “We”. You left!

That’s it. Simple. No complications.

Even simpler, you’re a fraud. A thief since you never bothered to return my heart back.

C’mon. Isn’t there too much of pumping now?!

“It’s beautiful, Matt.” You never left a chance to drop my jaw.

 

“It completely defines you, doesn’t it Kate?” When you were glowing.

“No, it doesn’t” I snapped.

“Hmm?” You knew I loved your puppy dog eyes interrupted by your hair falling on it, didn’t you!

“You define me” And that was it. I was on the edge, completely on my hold but after that, no more.

Courtesy- Mr Stupid Cupid.

 I hated the fact that you knew everything about me. Every time I panted inside, you heard it!

Every time I wished for a kiss, it felt liked wishing to you.

The very next moment your hands were inside my hair. One there, the other holding me tight against your ribs. And then aaahhh… the lips did the job.

How did you know it all? Huh? 

 

Were you from Hogwarts?

Okay bad one, I know.

You were always next to me never letting to wish for it.

I loved it. I never really knew how distances felt.

But…

Why not the church?

Why not there?

I wished for it more than anything. Didn’t you hear that when you heard all sorts of my idiotic ones?

Why not the one I wished for the most?

I was sitting next to the priest when even after a couple of hours you didn’t show up. Traffic could’ve been a reason but it was Fourth of July. My eyes started to split black tears.

 But I didn’t stop praying. I prayed and prayed not because I wanted to see there and get rid of all the embarrassment. I prayed for your well-being. Guests were not my concern. You were.

Cell phones had lost my trust too. Actually, you kept yours switched off. No no, they are fine.

Ok. Let me rewind.

It’s my wedding. I have tried my best to become your loveliest bride yet an enigma, like you said. This time I was sorted out. And only when I tried the method of “perfection”

 You disappear. So how does it feel like?

Hmm. Stabbed with a knife maybe? Or cut apart.

 And not even allowed to cry because that would perhaps be unjust to my pride.

So you never came. Never.

And I stayed right there with a candle.

 

And you never came. Never

“So you’re done writing with the first chapter of your monotonous book?”

“ Yeah. It’s all about you.”

“ You’re mocking me huh?”

“ Don’t believe me? Come and read it!”

He read it.

“Oh it’s just me!”  Laughing Old Matt.

“ Yeah, except that you came back. Forever.” Blushing Old Kate.

 __END__

