Love Short Story – FLAME

Photo credit: 

 from 

I’m, The Great Nova, King of the LAND OF NOVA. Convict you a rebellion of motherland and order to final punishment”

These words gave me thunderbolt in the core of my heart and I planed to escape. I successfully escaped from the prison. I was just questioning to myself that “WHERE SHOULD I GO ?”. There was no way to hide. I was running aimlessly. I found a shelter for a while but it wasn’t reliable I couldn’t stay there long. I had to leave but where??

Now I had just one way is to leave NOVA. Therefore I decided to leave. I knew that it is hazardous I could die but I didn’t have any other alternative. The only way to leave NOVA was to cross the DIMENSIONAL GATE. But I couldn’t face the high alert knights on the DIMENSIONAL GATE. Who would never allow me, a deserter to cross the gate. I had no choice I had to face them out. I had no  intentions to fight and kill my own people but I was compelled, I wanna live.

I killed both the knights. Now I had to move hurry prior to this the more soldiers came. I hadn’t enough energy to face them. Thus I moved to DIMENSIONAL GATE. Before leaving i turn my head and take a last look of NOVA. I knew I would never come here again. I entered into gate and passed out.

 Destiny threw me in the CENTRAL-D, or in the language of natives THE EARTH. “Hey are you okay????” these words with female voice brought me in conscious. Who knew this voice was gonna change my life. I never intended to fall in love in CENTRAL-D opsss I mean EARTH. It was an amazing emotion I had ever felt but I can’t. I was compelled having no alternative I couldn’t love her. I was fire from NOVA. “I LOVE YOU” these words gave me a thunderbolt when she confessed to me. I wanted to say “LOVE YOU TOO” but I couldn’t

“Why? Why don’t you Love me?” she said

“I’m not allowed” me replied and just walked away. She fell on her knees and tears from her eyes started to fall made her face wet. Literally saying I wanted to wipe her tears. But it could make me weak . I walked away…

Alika, the most power-full knight of NOVA was sent to kill me. Who never give a single chance to opponent to defend itself. Now it was a time to finish the story. He had been observing me for 2 months don’t know why??. He showed his face first time and started to destroy every thing to call me out. It was time to finish this meaningless chapter of life. He was about to burned her with his flaming punch. His punch struck in air. I was there his punch struck from my chest. I fell on my knees he grabbed me from my collar  and said “GAME OVER”.

He started to attack on me with his full powers. I couldn’t stop him my every move got fail in front of his incredible powers. He punched on face I dug into the floor I had no energy to stand up. I just opened my eyes. She was standing there staring at me with her teary eyes which made her muck wet.  She fell on her knees. At that time my heart screamed with pain. I don’t know where did I get that power. I was felling incredibly power-full. I stood up on my feet and said “IT’S TIME TO SHOWDOWN”. One thing I knew that it’s my end. I attacked him with massive powers. At my last moments the looked at her and smiled….

The battle ended with Alika’s death. Those massive powers made me a stone. Simply “THE BATTLE ENDED WITH MY DEATH”. But I’m alive in her heart and its a reality.

–END–

