Eternal Love Story – Death don’t do us apart

Photo credit: 

 from 

“My boss is going to kill me” she said to herself while crossing the road. She was late, yet again. Every morning no matter how hard she tried she could never be on time to the work and today was no different. She tried to run across the street and suddenly stopped and skipped an heart beat. She heard him calling her name. She couldn’t believe it.

She looked around and found Omi standing right behind her. He came and hugged her, he was panting too “I knew it was you Myra” he said catching on his breathe. She was still baffled and confused. She thought she’s dreaming and she just kept on looking at him. They were meeting after 3 long years. After their last fight she swore that she’ll never see him again, she hated him but still the love that she had for him couldn’t make her forget Omi.

She broke the hug, still baffled, and asked him what’s he doing in Delhi?

“I am in town on a business assignment and I was just on the way to work when I noticed you walking, I just couldn’t help but to call your name. Sorry for that.” He said.

She was skeptical that they met co-incidentally; she thought he planned the whole thing. But in her heart she was happy seeing him again.

“Lets catch-up? There’s a coffee shop around nearby” he asked.

And they were walking before even she could say yes. Her mind was spinning with all the old memories. They were inseparable at one point of time. They thought they were soul mates. But then with time things changed and they started drifting until they decided to part their ways. No one was happy but it felt like that was the right thing to do at that time. Although she never stopped thinking about him she never called him on the account of self-respect and ego. And he thought if she doesn’t want me then why should I even try. It’s sad how misunderstandings can kill relationships.

Once in café they started catching up about each other’s life, she told him about her new job and he couldn’t miss to see how much she loved her new job. He was happy for her, happy to see her smile again. He just kept staring at her, everything else was just a blur for him. They spoke for hours until they noticed café people were getting annoyed. She invited him to her place and they left. Even on the way they just couldn’t stop talking.

They entered her home and he saw pictures of her with her new boyfriend and he just froze. He wasn’t prepared for that, and she noticed it. She started telling him about her boyfriend and he interrupted her saying “Can we not talk about him please?”

“What the hell do you expect?” She yelled at him “That I’ll be waiting for you three years. Yes I’m happy to see you but accept the facts please.”

He couldn’t take it and walked off from there and she was standing there watching him go. She couldn’t stop crying now, why did I even talk to him? She cursed herself. Why is he like this? She was puzzled. When she was headed to close the door she noticed he forgot his bag. She tried calling him but his number was unavailable. That jerk must have changed his number; she cursed again and went to the kitchen.

A day went by and he didn’t come for his bag nor did he call. She was weirded by all this now. She decided to open the bag and see if she could find his new number so she opened it, and oh boy she had instant tears. She found some flowers and her favorite red velvet pastries. “He planned it, that jerk planned it” She said happily. Instantly she picked up the phone and tried his number but again couldn’t get through so she decided to call their common friend.

She called Shashank and explained him everything and asked for Omi’s number but surprisingly she found him yelling at her angrily.

“Don’t you ever joke like that, you listen to me” he said. “Omi died a year back. You’re so sick” and he ended the call.

She just couldn’t believe what he said. She kept on looking at the bag and thinking about yesterday. She knew it was real. She knew he was there. Those pastries, those flowers nothing made any sense to her anymore. Those tears had no end now.

–END–

