Utkarsh and l are childhood friends. Both of us belonged to prodigious business families and one day the fateful incident happened. My father was shot by a dangerous mafia don and he succumbed to death. My mother suffered a sudden stroke and went into coma after learning about my father’s death.

I was left in shock and tears never seem to end until he came. Utkarsh was still in his business suit. His dark eyes were scanning the entire room with a hidden emotion until they met mine. Though entangled with darkest fears there jewelled a light in my life looking at him.

He took two swift steps towards me and brushed my hair back. His eyes were oozing love looking at me and he cups my cheeks in his rough hands. His thumb goes under my eyes drying my tears away and within seconds l felt myself encapsulated into an ebullient hug.

He stayed with me all the time expressing sweet nothings to me until I calmed myself down. He fed me with his own hands because I wouldn’t eat on my own and tucked me to the bed until I lept my eyes.

The hauling sound of thunder jolted me awake. I looked beside towards Utkarsh for some comfort. But the bed beside me was empty except for a messy note written in haste “sleep well sweet girl l will be back with in a few hours as l have some business work.”  The note sent unwelcoming thoughts in the pit of my stomach and sleep was far gone.

In the wee  hours of the next day Utkarsh returned home with blood marks on his white dress shirt and his black orbs were in a haze. I scanned his body carefully and my eyes went wide. There was a bullet shot on one of his arms. He smiled at me with tired eyes and laid his hand on the back of my neck pulling me towards him.

“l killed him.”  He says softly and continues “he is no longer a threat to you.” Saying those words he dropped to the floor. My world stopped and l trudged him to the car to carry him to the hospital.

The waiting outside the operation theatre felt like ages when the door opened and the doctor came out giving me a smile.

Utkarsh opened his eyes slowly after two hours and puts his hand forward to catch mine. I clasp my hand with his holding it tight and bend down my head to kiss his lips. He responds to me with equal fervour and whispers in copuscense whispers “will you marry me Doll? ”

–END–

