Love Short Story – Warp and weft

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Sharbani looked at the window, looked over and her gaze wandered to all the objects in the room, one by one, she was fed up of her parents constantly reminding her to go and look for PG courses, and last she conceded. Early last summer, she had a life full of unrestrained pleasure , frolicking about her room in her favourite halter & shorts. She pictured herself jumped about enjoying the bounce of her young body in the air of two coolers , sipping water melon juice with ice cubes, Those were the days…………..

How she hated this dreary life of getting up early even in winters, she had to go for her 7.30 class to brush up her academic shills  according to her uncle. The teacher was an IIT graduate, cane up with boring lectures, for the quant. Presently, she was drawing the caricature of her friend, Arjav, his angular looks, enticed her to the point of distraction. He was a footballer, constantly playing the moves with his legs, today, she wanted him to go out with her, he glanced at her cursorily returning the searching glare. They would go to Shambhu’s, talking over the enchanting aroma  of coffee, testing like the homemade filter  by amma, Then have a drive on the SG highway, Arjav concentrating on driving his bike and me lazily dreaming about getting married and waiting for spouse visa.

Arjav, his was really brilliant , if only…..this period of enlivened memories fructified into her secure vision, she was a homely girl with all those qualities that men looked for in a girl, angular features, a childlike face, dreamy, wistful eyes, a fit and a wonderful exterior her proudest possession a chiseled body to prefection by her strict regime of gym, juices and diets. Her friends teased her “o_figure”,and she loved the quote getting irritated but secretly enjoying the compliment, her curls, she had naturally curled hair as if it was permed. she liked to wear it with an abandon, just wash it and use two clasps to hold it in place, the gleam of her curls matched the arylide-yellow of her lipstick. The same shade of her eyelids made her look mesmerizing in the cold December morning.

Screeeeeeeeeech,Oow,Bump……………now on the road, hurt, very angry with Arjav, out of her reverie, onto the tar road, getting bruised,with a near escape from death, badly shaken out of her wonderful world.

“Cant you be a little more careful…when a girl is around”.

“yo, Sharu, please dont get angry love, it was that stupid cow, not moving at all when I horned so urgently.”

“Dont expect a dumb animal to move, when you’re around”

“well: Well, get up and start walking or else …….”

” Ar, I did’nt expect this from you atleast now of all times, be a man.”

The cow’s shadow loomed and bu now, she thought there was a connection with her past, “whenever she got into the deepest problems, an animal is surely involved, you mist have wronged it somewhere in the last(janma) form, my dear…said Mr. Joshi who predicted the future based on people’s deeds done in the past.

“You know we’ll have to consult the astrologer or we’ll get into serious problem ,ar!”

“You and your stupid prejudiced, warped, religious thinking.”

“No.no no Ar one of my uncles suffered with the pain of an appendicitis and the maharaj found out through astrological calculations that he had kicked a pregnant cow in his last(janma),to atone for it he’ll’ve to perform three yagnas during the shraddha season,

“What ‘s that any way, he bloody well do it to make his son clear his IIT exams,rather than blame the stars “.

What a  bother, she thought this atonement and  stuff like that…..

Vivid pictures of the cow qand the eerie obdurate voices signalling her dereliction of the astrologer’s advice, her own sense of apathy and callousness irked her and she started brooding going over the same voices again and again, she very much believed in the theory of rebirth and people suffering in this birth due to earlier sins etc. Being a purist, a sense of doom and imminent forboding evil engulfed her . what could she do to pacify her ruffled soul?

Standing upright holding her “lapie” performing a search of famous astrologers in the town, she came across Iyengar Mani, the famous fellow the doom of Asaram Bapu, the fibber godman, debauch guru, in his most famous avatar of turmoil, getting imprisoned etc.The website showed details of his present residence, office and other branches. On this blog you could type your question and come to a conclusion about the course of action you could take.

Yes, and here was the answer she logged in with Ar’s birthday, time and day of birth. He was destined to be a wealthy person, showing the sun in a good position,his mercury increment too, towards the moon, she was bored , the screen too blinked and went off, Oh..Hell these electricity cuts got on her nerves only if the government did something about it. She’d’ve to repeat the process again and now phew…..She was sweating despite the wintery December morning , in fact she saw the part of a sentence showing up on the screen ‘the person is blessed with luxurious vehicles and a beautiful partner with curly……….Curly what….hair like hers….?Yes….now was the moment ,her life will take a U-turn , she’ll be the most magical enchantress dressed to kill..her range of eye liners.. blue, green and the most recent addition the white one…the screen flashed and the message from her whatsapp, “come fast to the city morgue ….name …….age….noooooooo…..

she screamed only drowned by the constant traffic sounds …noooooo…..she was an unmarried tragedy ….the sprawling weft of time..

__END__

