 

Sharat saw her driving from Vadapalani to T. Nagar. Sharat saw only a beautiful structure of a young female body going on the scooter like a queen walking majestically on ramp. But, Sharat cannot see her face as it is covered with her dupatta. What is there in her? Sharat did not see her face, yet why he is attracted to her, he did not know all about that.

Everyday this is what he sees while he goes to office. Every day it is the same time she goes in front of him, he did not know how it happens like this. Yes, at the signal he will be just behind her scooter and he was close at hair that smells excellently, he did not know what shampoo she uses. May be this is a body spray also that makes me closer and deeper attracted towards her.

A girl is what a boy attracted towards and love emerges to make them closer by heart and body. I am a single, but not a boy. I am in late thirties and I could not find a girl I need I feel liked and this is the reason why I am still a bachelor.

He found her address after a little effort of a detective operation. He could not control his anxiety that he is going to see her. One day, early in the morning he went to that house.

An old man sat in the rocking-chair, reading a newspaper. He saw in to my face like he got someone he is searching for.

“Come on. Sit down” he showed me a chair before him.

Sharat sat in the chair with great respect to his words and staring at his eyes for further instruction.

“I don’t know you. You don’t know me. Yet you came here searching something” he paused and looked in to Sharat’s eyes.

Sharat’s eyes are caught as guilty. He smiled.

“I know. You know that you are in search of something that is here in this house.”

“Sir, I don’t understand what you are talking about.”

“Don’t worry. I know and I am not bothered of your words as your eyes answered correctly.”

I could not answer. I simply looked as something before him sitting idle and unable to answer.

He smiled again. Everything in the house appears like lovely and sweet. The old man looks like a known lovely friend in the home who is known for many decades and smiles when I was playing as a child in my childhood.

“I think you love sweets?”

Sharat wondered how he knows about this. Sharat is really crazy and eats sweets with great joy.

“Aparna! Some sweets please.”

Within minutes, the awaited young beauty, without face cover, came with a plate of Bengali sweets. She is very beautiful and I feel like my heart stopped beating when I saw her.

“She is my granddaughter. House surgeon in GS.” The old man said with hidden smile.

“Glad to see you. I am Sharat working as PRO in MNC.”

Aparana sat in another and said in cool voice, “I know. I saw you behind my bike not less than 150 times.”

The old man interfered with a little confusion, “You said it was only 130 times.”

“Another twenty took place after that” Aparna said with little annoyance.

I stood and ready to quit, I said, “sorry. I was around 200 times, you did not count correctly.”

“Why try to go without answering the reason for this following. Sit down.”

This time Aparna took the lead. I sat and looked at her with unknown boldness.

“I loved a girl not seeing her face. I saw the face and I am facing now the impeachment.”

The old man looked at Aparna’s face.

“We need to examine the candidature.” Said Aparna.

A sweet smile touched the old man after it flew from Aparna.

That is beginning of the day of my love. I don’t know how it has started and when, but what I know now is that she is made for me and I am only one who can be her husband.

Few evenings and nights passed to understand each other and Aparna is found very possessive. She never allows Sharat to be alone and she interferes in every activity he does. He feels like he has no privacy. He feels like he is not single, feels like he is a man with Aparna in a single cell.

Sometimes he is bored with this relationship and he wanted to be alone and unmarried.

“Aparna, I am sorry to say that we cannot continue like this. I wish we cannot get married. You are a girl like a sincere doctor looking after a needy patient. I don’t want to be a patient in your hands. Let us part and our different ways” I said annoyed with her too much love in me.

Aparna is silent and like undisturbed, went away. She did not call me. No messages. I was alone and every day and night, I feel like I missed her. With her remembered, not a second is spent in my life. I feel like I want her as if she is my life and without her I feel like my body is lifeless.

Few months passed. Somebody told me that Aparna is getting married in Tirumala on certain day. This news is like a bullet passed slowly in my heart. I went to Tirumala. The marriage is in few more minutes.

Carat went in to marriage hall searching Paraná. He saw her getting dressed for marriage.

I am given privacy by few women there getting away from there.

I am alone with Paraná in the room.

“Why you took this decision?”

Paraná did not answer.

“I loved you so much.” I said.

“Yes, I know. I loved you to so much.”

“I don’t want to lose you, because we love each other.”

“How can I believe you? You said we have to part.”

“Yes I know. Tell me do you really love me?”

“Yes. I love you sincerely.”

“Then why you are ready for this marriage?”

“Which marriage? I came here to attend my friend’s marriage.”

“So you love me?”

“Don’t ask that. I love you and if at all I marry, I marry only you. Just I want some time.”

Aparna said with affirmity.

“I was ready for this answer. Take your own time. But I want some guarantee.”

Just the auspicious sounds spread and the purohit in the marriage hall is saying, “ Auspicious time. Don’t make delay. Tie managal Sutra.”

Just then Sharat took mangala Sutras from his pocket and tied three ties in Aparna’s neck as she was unable to know what is happening. Just then the old man passed there and threw the akshatas on both Aparna and Sharat.

“I want some guarantee. Now take any time you like. I am assured that you are my wife, no matter how much time it may pass idle in between us.”

Sharat said. Aparna looked at the newly tied mangala sutras swinging lightly and smiled with unknown satisfaction. She pulled Sharat in to her embrace and kissed him. Gentle air passed over their faces. They walked out of marriage hall searching new life ahead.

–END–

