Love Short Story – Never ending wants ( MONA)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Its seems it was never ending and it will be..

Continuing ” MONA”

No conclusion but suspense of our relation was at peak point . Many would think it as a relation, yes it is but an anticipative and non bothering relation. People make mistakes then they meet someone like her but with me i felt as if she was one with whom i should make a mistake by leaving her in empty space but asusual men are men.

Each day we talk we understand each other better. I tried to sum up but it was at infinity. Our talks went on and on.

Wishes are blessing and i was trying to bless her with them. She was classic and i was in hunger of class. She did her duty. Just if she says that she want something invincible and i would be ready to give her. Her wishes were simple but full of fantasy.

I was simply amazed but she was still talking to a STRANGER and trying to simplify him. My secrets were no one left as she was a magician who was trying to make me up . A stranger who was not just a stranger but became her everything she wants and me who was still a stranger was alone making a nonsensible talks with her and hiding the pain which was inside me . I wanted to go but her voice was still inside me.

People sometimes are blessed with luck and she was one of them . I identified her and i was started making my day with her voice. Rather i would say she was incredible and a turn over.

 It was a incident that we met but such incidents happens for a reason. We were now no more strangers but for her i was still.

At some point people starts expecting, my expectations were simple that our conversations would never disappear in fall of our life’s. Person could be so important that it was a strangers need. Her small needs, her voice, her imaginations, her dreams some how managed to change me. But it was true that even if i fall for her i would go away. I promised myself, not to make her my need. She was a casual as my other friends were or maybe more . I haven’t met her yet but i made her image in my mind. Like nose would be long, cunning eyes, sharp lips with smooth texture, and golden hairs and so on. I guess describing her would be a type of injustice made or a crime that was unknown. Who knows such people would make your day.

Chats and talks went on and i realised she was still unknown. As i always wanted to discover her. She was still a girl with dreams..

***

To be continued..

