LLC03: Love Letter After Breakup

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

“Maya get up you are getting late for your work”, I hear my mom shouting from the kitchen .

I am Maya, 29 yrs old and working in a Multi- National Company I have a huge bungalow, servants, A.C  ,fully furnished home my sweet home and yes  i am single,but I have a cute son .I get ready fast .and then I go out of my house when i see the nameplate outside our bungalow , I have tears in my eyes.but i control  and I hurry to Bandra station I travel by train to reach my office people ask me questions for not buying a vehicle for myself but I have my sweet memories connected to this train. I finish my work by 7 and reach my home by 8 pm, I finish my dinner help my son do his homework  and go to my room. its raining outside, I feel some pain inside my heart I remember something from my past. I open my bureau which is always locked and take a photo album. I see a handsome man laughing and staring at me then I take one cardboard box out where there are a bunch of letters. I read them I have tears in my eyes then I go to my past ,

It was 8 am and I hurry towards Bandra station I board my train the train is too crowded I stand in the crowd  and then some guys came beside me and started teasing me and making me uncomfortable no one cared about what was happening.

then one guy came and hugged me suddenly saying “I missed you yaar why did you go away my wife forgive me”, seeing that the guys left  I recognized that he travels with me everyday, but i ignored him in the past, now after his favor i thought of introducing myself and i introduced myself as Maya.

He said his name is Prithvi, and that he was working for a software company. He was one year elder to me. then I say thanks to him and I get down at my stop I found out that he will be getting down after 2 stops from mine.we met daily in the station and talked till the time i got down . sometimes when i was late , there wouldn’t be any seats and we would be talking by passing chits and people (old-aged ones)would stare at us.we exchanged our numbers and met outside other than our train rides .

one day after our dinner date it was too late and it was  was raining .he proposed me by giving a diamond ring and red roses.i didn’t accept it as soon as he proposed . i said i needed some time .he respected my decision . I gave out my reason also that , first, i had to support my family .

one day i received a check  which was signed by him and a letter saying that it was not a favor but his responsibility to support his future wife in her decision.then came my birthday which was  after having my promotions and a high salary .i accepted his proposal and he was mad with joy and happiness . we convinced each other families for marriage . my mom already knew about our relationship, so it was not that hard then our marriage day came,but, he refused to marry me.  we were all shocked .

I was shocked.i felt dizzy . I couldn’t speak. I regained myself and asked him the reason but he ignored he left from the venue,and later texted me that he was in love with some other girl,. and the truth broke my heart .I went and locked myself in my room.

It has been 10 days since that wedding night  he didn’t call or text me asking me for forgivance  .I was broken but I managed to go to work one month passed then I got calls from my Prithvi’s mom, asking for forgivance for the foolishness he had committed leaving me . she called me many times in the past  and now after one month , she calls me again but this time she was weeping on the phone she cut the call .i couldn’t understand what was wrong with her. I was also feeling tensed and lost since a week .then I got a parcel in my name their was a bunch of letters in that which was from my Prithvi I opened the first letter which read like this .

 

After reading this letter , I , was  totally broken . I blamed myself for not trusting him. I remembered the time he held my hand and proposed to me . I remembered the time when we were dancing like little kids in the rain. I remembered the time when he jumped in through my window to see me , while I was sleeping . I remembered the time when we went for a short trip with our families, and then we crept out and had our first intimate kiss.And then finally I remembered the time when we went to temple together.and he promised me that he would always be there with me, forever……..

I just wanted to hide myself , crawl into a cocoon and never come back from there . I couldn’t live without him and he had taken a promise from me that i should live in his bungalow. I couldn’t convince myself to live without him , but, later his words mesmerized me .I got up to start a new life with my Prithvi , in his house and then in his name I adopted a baby boy to see him grow as his shadow. and be like my Prithvi to other girl.

I hope my Prithvi is smiling , seeing me from heaven. and he would bless this prithvi. Now, I see with pride towards almighty asking him the question ” See , I , am living my life without my Prithvi and I am still happy.”

And that particular night when  I adopted that baby boy I had a dream with my Prithvi, ..we all living a life happily ever after and that was a day i again fell in love  with my Prithvi, for keeping his promise and making me a mother and introducing me to a new parenting world.

__END__

