[Loving Triad…!! – A Love Story]

Loving Triad...!! - A Love Story

It was during divya’s college second year in UG in Chennai… And was the first day of her second year.. In the evening, after the college was over, Divya was sitting in her college bus, waiting for the bus to start… She was thinking about her past. Divya and Diya were besties from their childhood days… They used to go everywhere together, used to do everything alike. Both looked awesome in whatever dress they wore. But Diya was a little prettier than what Divya looked. After schoolings, Divya’s parents wanted her to pursue her engineering. But Diya left school after 10th std because Diya’s parents wanted her to pursue Diploma course… Both wanted to be together always. But unfortunately that did not happen…  Diya had to leave Chennai for her diploma course and went completely out of contact from Divya.

During her first year in Engg., Divya fell in love with Aftab. Aftab loved Divya more than what she did. He used to understand her in each and every aspect. Divya belonged to IT dept and Aftab belonged to CS dept. Aftab had habit of talking to Divya everyday standing outside her bus. In fact more than talking, he used to admire her beauty like anything. And the whole college was aware of their affair in fact even the college staff. But that day, he did not come to college as he was in his native still. On the same day, a girl came and sat next to Divya. However Divya was staring outside window and was in her own dream. That girl told Divya to move and sit but Divya never heard that. New girl pushed Divya and sat abruptly. This woke her from her open eyed dream.

That girl had covered her face completely with scarf that only her eyes were visible. And Divya had never seen this girl anywhere before in the college. Lateral entries joined college who directly join second year after their different courses. Divya guessed this girl might be lateral entry and so kept silent. Whistle was blown and buses started to depart… Divya took her I-pod and plugged the headset in her ears and started hearing songs… As bus speeded up, air gushed through the window.. New girl removed her scarf slowly. Divya was looking at it through the reflection of window…

To her surprise, it was Diya there. Tear drops rolled down Divya’s eyes to see her there. She just hugged Diya and scolded her literally for not telling her the truth that Diya joined same college. However Diya wanted to give Divya a complete surprise. Then Diya explained how she landed up in that college after her diploma. Diya also told she wanted to get seat in IT dept but she did not have any vacancy there. Exceptionally she got it in CS dept. Both had lots to talk. They were talking on and on… By that time, Divya got her stop. She had to get down. She got Diya’s number while getting down. Still Diya was not aware that Divya was in love. Divya reached home and both talked a lot but did not tell Diya about her love yet. She just told that she had something important to tell her. But would tell later.

The next day, Divya and Diya sitting together in bus reached college. Aftab’s bus usually reaches early but that day it didn’t. Aftab used to stand at the corridor to see his GF getting down off the bus.  Divya, as she got down of f the bus, her eyes were searching for Aftab at his class corridor. Diya asked “What are you looking for”. Divya said “Nothing. Come let’s go”

As soon as Aftab reached college, he went to Divya’s class to see her. So much addicted he was. In few minutes, classes started. Aftab ran to his class and he being monitor of the class reaches late to the first hour everyday and even the staffs do not ask him why he is late. Since they knew the reason and also Aftab was his class topper, they never bothered about it.  As soon as he entered the class, he saw this new girl in the first row. He thought, he might have ended up in wrong class. For a moment, he went out, saw the class board “II

 year CSE” and came back in. Then he came to know that it was lateral entry. He never bothered to even look at her after that. On the other hand, Diya looked Aftab and kept looking at him. The other girl besides Diya told her that “Hey Diya, He is our class Representative”… After the whole day went as usual, Diya reached the bus where Divya was already waiting for her.

As soon as Diya reached, she removed her scarf and sat next to Divya. Both started the wholeday guppshup as all girls usually do. In the mean time, Diya was looking at window and was shocked to see Aftab coming towards her bus. Diya closed the window glass and from there she showed Aftab to Divya and told her that “Hey idiot, see that guy. He is handsome na… he is our class monitor…” Divya in fact already knew that.  She leaned over Diya and opened the window. Aftab came outside the window. Divya swapped the place with Diya. Then she started talking to Aftab. Seeing this, Diya was astonished with mouth open. Aftab in turn never saw Diya who was seated next to Divya. Diya was in fact looking awesome with the dress that she had worn that day. After the whistle, he ran back to his bus. Then on the way to home back, Divya explained Diya how she fell in love with Aftab.

Divya belonged to a typical south Indian ayyengar family (Brahmin) where as Aftab was typical north Indian guy belonged to Parsi family.  Usually Aftab used to chat with Divya every day. One fine Sunday, Divya had kept her mobile for charging near the system and she was not feeling well hence she dozed off. Mobile started vibrating as Aftab was calling. But since Divya was asleep, she could not pick the call up. Aftab was repeatedly calling. Divya’s father Mr.Sengathir selvam had some official work and came to take printout near Divya’s system. He saw her mobile was ringing but was in silent mode. Screen flashed with name “Diya1 calling……”

He picked the call but by then call was hung up before he could hear from the other side. The very next moment, Divya got text message “Hey Divu, What has happened. Why aren’t you picking the call up? I have been trying ever since afternoon”.. Then Mr.Selvam replied “ this is her father ma. She is not feeling well.. so she has slept.. I will ask her to call you back once she gets up”… Replying this, he took his print out and went back. Aftab on the other side was stuck in shock seeing this reply. He skipped a beat for a moment.

In the evening, when Divya woke up from the sleep, she saw her mobile. No messages to be read. Then checked the inbox and shocked to see that Diya1 messages were read. She then checked her sent items and she almost fainted to see her dads reply… On the other side, Aftab never dared to reply back after that. He was waiting looking at screen to get Divya’s call or message. Suddenly screen of Aftab’s mobile flashed. “Divya calling…” He picked the call but didn’t even speak a word. Divya said “Aftab, You there??”… Aftab got his breathe back and replied “Divu, what happened da? I got reply from your dad saying you were not feeling well.” Divya replied.. “You won’t understand. Leave it” Aftab replied “bachchu, hum sab samajhte hain……” She asked “What?” Aftab said “Nothing..Nothing” Both were silent for sometime and then started as usual.

In the college, Diya was looking Aftab every day that he comes and speaks to Divya but Aftab never looked at her. May be he was blind that he was not able to see a much prettier girl than Divya. Even Diya didn’t feel like interrupting them. Aftab’s friend Ghani in turn liked Diya. But Diya did not know any guy except Aftab in the class. Ghani wanted Aftab to introduce him to Diya. However Diya never liked this love kinda stuffs and Aftab who has never spoken to Diya even once. How would he introduce Ghani? Ghani told.. “theek hai yaar. When time comes, Plz do it..”. Aftab just nodded his head.

Divya’s father and mom started scolding Divya daily that talking on phone has increased. They were poking her regarding talk over phone. Because of this Divya found a new way that she would write in a letter and give it through Diya. Divya used A4 sheet that her father uses for official work. Aftab found it interesting. Diya just gave the letter as she reached the class but till now, both have not even spoken a word with each other, even during the letter passing. Aftab used write reply in the class and used to pass the reply letter through Diya. Diya was just ready to do this for her bestie and was happy for her. Otherwise, Diya and that too as a communicator. No way for that. This continued for many days. Semester passed. In the Odd semester leave, Both were not able to talk at all. This distance increased their love for each other a lot. However Divya was continuing writing letters daily and accumulated.

On another fine Sunday, Divya’s father had some work of taking printout from the system. So he came to Divya’s room and knocked the door. Divya in turn, got shocked and closed the book and leaned back on the bed. The letter in bundle was inside the book where edge of the letter was peeking out of book. He came in after she said yes. He came near system and was looking for papers and saw A4 tray on Divya’s bed. But he also saw that papers were over and the tray was empty. Then his eyes fell on Divya’s book where paper was peeking out. He thought they were blank papers kept, so he pulled them out. The letters came out in bundle. Dad was shocked to see they were written in colors and first line was bold saying “My dear Affu”……

Divya could not move nor was she able to do anything. Image blurred as tears filled her eyes. Face showed complete nervousness. Her father Mr.Sengathir read that complete  letter. Tears started flowing in his eyes as well. May be some sentence touched him or may be some sentence hurt him. After all, he is father of a girl. It was hard to guess to look at the tears and guess whether they were for touching or for hurting. Divya added this dilemma to the existing ones. However she was in dilemma thinking what was he gonna do after that. He closed the bundle and kept it on the book, and left silently without speaking even a word. Divya kept calling “Appaa… Appaa”…

Sumathi, Divya’s mom came running into Divya’s room when she saw her stone-hearted husband crying. She asked “what happened. Why is he crying? What made him cry tell me?” She was asking repeatedly as if she wanted to make that happen again. Divya could not tell anything. Voice came from hall room.. “Sumathi… Sumathi… come here”. Sumathi dazzled by the voice and ran back to hall. He explained all what happened. Even she started weeping. Finally he scolded Sumathi that it was all her mistake that she did not bring her daughter well.. Saying this he wore his shirt and left somewhere. It was already 7.00 pm. They used to have their dinner by 8.00 pm since next day was weekday and everyone had to go for work.

Divya ran to take her mobile. She then messaged Aftab. “Are you der??”… Reply came “I am here but who is that?”… Divya replied “Buffalo.. Divya here..” Aftab replied “oh.. sorry jaanu… Thought may be your father messaging again to Diya1. So checked. Now am clear. Tell me… Divya replied “Don’t get tensed…” Aftab interrupted “If you tell like dis… Obviously tensed to howungahi… Tell quickly…” Then Divya explained how her father came to about both… Aftab was speechless for almost a minute. Then he asked, what to do. Divya also told that her father did not do anything but he wept and left. Aftab was shocked. “Kya.. Are you serious?? What a father he is yaar”… He felt that if all girls get father like this, der would be no breakups because of parents. Then he asked where her father was. She told that she didn’t know where he had gone. Aftab told her to relax asked her to wait and see.

Next day, Aftab was as usually waiting in the corridor looking for Divya to get down off the bus. Divya got down along with Diya. Diya was looking at Aftab but Divya did not. He saw that Divya was upset. While Divya reached her class, Aftab was already standing near the entrance of her class. Divya told “Please Aftab. Don’t ask me anything. Am not in a mood to tell anything”. Aftab understood that it was not the right time to talk about. Silence prevailed and Aftab left simply without telling anything. During the lunch hour, Divya went to Aftab’s class. Der she told what happened that night.

Divya’s father came back by 12.00 am and called Divya to Hall. He dragged her and made her sit on sofa. Then he asked patiently “What is the name of the Guyyy???”. She exaggerated and said “Aff.. Afftaa… Aftab”. Divya was thinking what was the next question he is gonna ask or what he will do to Aftab or what might happen the next day in college or is he gonna take any action on Aftab or will it affect Aftab’s career. Every type of question was running in Divya’s mind. Then her father shot next question “Is he from your same college?? Same class??” Divya replied “Illa appa.. He is from my college only but not from my class”. Father simply said “This is the last time am talking to you in my life time. I cannot blame that guy because youuu, my daughter is itself not proper. How could I blame someone? You brought me shame instead of fame.”… His breathe was going up and down… After a small pause he continued “ I used to advice my colleagues sons and daughters, not to go in bad ways. Tomorrow, when they come to know about this, won’t they tell “Mr.Sengathir could not advice his daughter. And he has come to correct us”.

Divya started crying and said “Appa.. Appa.. Please pa… Don’t do this. Please…” He told that “You can do whatever you wish… I won’t interfere… you have hurt me to a great extent”… Saying this, he left. As Divya was explaining this, Aftab did not even blink his eye. Aftab was thinking in his mind. How great her father is. Other fathers give supari to someone and finish their daughter’s BF. Wah.. Dhanya ho… But suddenly he got pinch in his face. “I am explaining here. What are you dreaming der?”. Then Aftab asked “So what have you decided. ?” As expected. Divya told “ I don’t know. Give me some time”… Aftab got furious this time “Give you some time for what?” Divya left saying “I don’t know what to say”. Aftab silently went and sat on his desk… He now could not understand what was happening. He was just gazing at “Fourier series” underlined that was running on the board as he did not listen to the starting part of it.

After the class, Aftab as usual went near the bus to talk. Divya did not notice that he was standing out. Diya sitting beside her saw that he was standing out. Aftab showed Diya a sign to call Divya. Diya was shocked. Was he showing sign to her. She asked “Me?”. He nodded. Then when Diya called Divya to show him, she in turn closed the Window. Now still Aftab was not worrying because he knew what was running in Divya’s mind. He left empty hearted and got returned back to his bus… All his bus mates in shock, by thinking that how come Aftab returned to bus early that day. However they also saw that he was neither tensed nor upset nor was he jovial like other days. They were missing his humorous acts. They knew something must be wrong. So kept silent. Buses started. Divya used to peek out of window and see Aftab when her bus crosses as a daily routine. But that day, everything went unusual. Neither Aftab expected that she would see him that day, Nor did Divya see him.

As soon as Divya reached home, Her mom used to bring her coffee But that day, she never even cared what Divya did, when Divya came. Divya asked her mom something but her mom did not reply. That day, Divya’s dad Sengathir did not have his breakfast, did not take his lunch. He used to reach home at 8.00 pm but on that day, he reached home at 11 pm. Told his wife, he does not want his dinner. He has already had outside. Seeing this Divya broke down. She went to her room and was weeping the whole night. She was not even called for dinner as other days. The pressure started mounting on Divya now. Her Dad was not talking. Mom was not talking. Her father was eating outside food. He was neither talking to his wife. For a girl, and that too who is the first child for her parent, if her parents don’t talk to her, then what will that girl do. She thought of talking to Aftab but seeing her situation, she did not proceed. On the other side Diya who has not come into picture for such a long time. Diya was very much worried about Divya. She knew how much strict, Divya’s parents were. She kept on calling Divya but her mobile was going switched off… Diya had no other go but to keep quiet and see.

Aftab, who was normal by then, he tried calling Divya on her phone but was getting switched off tone. He was getting nervous. He could not concentrate on his assignments that he got that day. Next day, he was waiting for Divya. Divya’s bus came but only Diya got down off the bus. As Diya entered the class, Aftab went near Diya and asked whether she knew anything about Divya why she had not come. Diya told that she tried calling her but her mob was switched off. Aftab was upset that day. He almost got scolding from each and every staff for not concentrating. Divya was living like stranger in her home. She never felt so lonely. Just think about the mental pressure that she had on herself. She loved Aftab a lot more than she loved anyone but fact was she loved her parents to the same extent that she loved Aftab. Aftab did not sleep the whole night. The next day, Aftab stood in front of his class in the corridor. That day, Diya got down first then Divya got down. But she did not see Aftab. This time Aftab did not run to her class. He simply went and sat in his seat.

Aftab was upset because Divya was talking to all her classmates but she never looked nor talked to Aftab. She was even talking to new guyz whom she does not even know nor has she met them before. She neither knew their names. However she did not talk to Aftab. This hurt him a lot. Its obvious that when a guy loves, he will not be able to tolerate when his lover talks to everyone but not to him. Aftab was angry on this but he never showed this.

Divya had brought her cell to college. Aftab saw that when she got down from bus. So he first messaged as the text conversation went like this.

Aftab   :           Hi

Divya  :           Tell me wat.

Aftab   :           Why din’t u C me today L?

Divya  :           I don’t knw.

Aftab   :           I know n I can understand wat must be goin thro ur mind. But plz if U be like dis, do u think everything wud be ok?

Divya :           Then wat do U want me 2 do?

Aftab   :           Jaanu, I luv U and my luv is not just for name sake. U can share everythin wid me. However we two wud be one someday in future. I am der to share ur pain.

Divya  :           I knw how much u luv me and I luv u too but I cannot ensure Aftab…

Aftab   :           Ensure wat Divya??

Divya  :           That we may be one someday. Because I never wanted my parents to know our affair in this way. I wanted to tell them myself on some fine day when the situation would have been good.

Aftab   :           See, I am strong and U have lost hope. Didn’t U think wat will happen to me??

Divya  :           I have not lost hope but… But I fear my parents won’t let us be one…

Aftab   :           See Divya, I luv U so much and my luv was never fake. I can make Ur parents understand but this is not the right time. For that, after completing college, have to search for a job, then it would ne possible.

Divya  :           Its not so easy, Being from Brahmin family, they will not allow me to marry a guy outside. Still I thought I will convince them. But it was not so easy as I thought.(Started weeping, tear drop fell on mobile keypad, she wiped it and continued). My father, Mother and Brother. No one is talking to me. I am feeling that I am stranger in my own home. How long can I stay like this. The only contact is U and Diya. Diya has started coming to my house daily because she being my best friend, she told she will come daily to my home just to give me company. She consoles me… I have lost my parents luv. I luvd them to same extent as much as I luv U. I cannot lose my parents Aftab.

Aftab   :           So, U mean to say that U lost Ur parents luv by loving me?? Now U don’t want to lose Ur parents because of me. Isn’t it??

Divya  :           I don’t know wat to say.

Aftab   :           Tell me something Divya. That is not the reply.

Divya  :           I didn’t mean 2 say tat.

Aftab   :           oh..ok fine.. I could never understand wat Ur reply meant. I will chat with U sometimes later.

Divya  :           Thank U. Hope I will be fine by then.

After sometime, Aftab messaged Divya gain.

Aftab   :           r u der???

Divya  :           I told I am not in mood to message now. Don’t you understand?

Aftab   :           (In Anger) Ok. Tell me one thing. 

Divya  :           Go to Hell!! I will tell tomorrow!!!

Aftab   :           Thanks. n Bye.. Love you… Will ask you again tomorrow…

(Did not get any reply from her)

Evening in the bus, Diya was expecting Aftab would come. But still Divya had kept the window closed. Aftab on the other hand, he did not come. Diya guessed. Something has happened between both but she did not dare to ask. The next day, morning Aftab started the conversation.

Aftab   :           Hello. You der?

Divya  :           Ya

Aftab   :           How r u?

Divya  :           don’t know.

Aftab   :           Did u think on what I asked yesterday?

Divya  :           Yeah.

Aftab   :           what have you decided?

Divya  :           Do u really wanna hear my reply.

Aftab   :           Yes, Ofcourse.

Divya  :           Then listen. “No”. I don’t want you to continue our relationship.

Divya  :           R u der???

Aftab was blank after seeing this. Because he thought she will never tell that because he knew how much he loved her and even she knew how much he did. Aftab never expected this reply. Divya could not control her tears while replying him. And Aftab, was broken. He could not show his tears out to anyone. How much it would have pained for him. His heart wanted to cry but he could not. He switched off his mobile. He ran to the football ground and there was a small tree. He sat under that shade and wept like anything. Tears made his handkey wet. He consoled himself. He came back to the class. Got permission from his class advisor that he is not feeling well and left for the day.

Diya was witnessing this that his eyes had become red. Tear drop peeked out from side of her eyes. Divya came running to Aftab’s class in the morning interval. She could not find Aftab. She asked Diya. Diya told “Aftab left for the day”. Divya now got tensed. She tried his number hell number of times. No use. She was thinking what was Aftab gonna do.. Diya also got tensed. Sweat drops trickled down her face. Both felt nervous. Diya said… “Don’t worry. Everything will be okay.”  Divya messaged Aftab atleast after switching his mobile on, he will get her message. Here she said as “Am sorry Affu, I had no other go except saying no to your question. Please understand me and understand my situation. Please affuma. Please. Reply me once you see this message. I cannot assure you anything. I am helpless… ”

After reaching home, Aftab went to his room, locked himself from inside. Sat on the bed and started thinking. He was controlling himself and was not crying. But he got his heart filled not with love now but only with Pain and tears. However he still cannot believe that she said “No”. This no had a great impact on his life. He rolled on the bed in pain unable to cry. In fact he didn’t want to cry. After all, what could he do? Nothing. He turned his cell on. Instantly got message and it was Divya. He without even reading deleted it. At last, tears again started flowing. He cried and cried. Divya on the other side was crying. Diya could not see her friend crying like that. Diya asked for Aftab’s number. And Divya gave. Diya called from her mobile. Aftab’s phone started ringing. He saw and it was new number. He gave a thought and attended the call. Diya said “Aftab??” He replied “Yes, may I know who you are?”. Diya said “It’s Diya here. “ Immediately he replied “If you have called to speak about your friend, I am sorry. I am hanging the call up”. And hung the call. Then Diya thought that was not the right time. So she consoled Divya saying that everything happens for something. Diya said, she can’t see her like this. Diya said she would meet Divya in bus. Divya went back to her class. However there was nothing happening in both the classes. It seems that even their classes are mourning for their relationship.

The day ended and it was not like other days for Divya as well as Diya. Diya called Aftab after reaching home and Aftab recognized her number now. He did not attend the call now. She kept on trying but everything went in vain. Then she messaged saying “See Aftab, I never knew anything about your relationship because my best friend did not even speak anything about it. I know in which state you might be. But, what she decided can neither be called as wrong nor can be called as right. Her father is very strict. I am going to her home every day and I can see what is happening with her. Living in the same home, and if your parents not talking to you? How will you feel? Tell me na. She is living like stranger in her own home. Please understand her and think from her point of view as well. This is what I was trying to communicate with you but “.

Diya then got reply “It’s ok. I am feeling hard now and it will take some time for me get out of it. Will mess you later!!! “. Diya was happy to see that atleast he replied her message. Now Diya reached Divya’s house. Both locked themselves in Divya’s room. Then she showed Divya the reply of Aftab. Divya was a bit relaxed. Both were waiting for Aftab to message. But could not resist. Divya messaged asking “Aftab. U der?” But never got reply. Then she asked Diya to message from her mobile asking how he was. And she did. The point is she got reply as well saying “Am fine now. Headache still persists. It will be ok by tomorrow. I have not done my assignment and I don’t think I can do in this situation. If I don’t come to college tomorrow, tell Ghani to provide letter on my behalf” Divya asked Diya to reply saying she will do that assignment for him and also she will inform Ghani about it. And so did Diya.

Now Divya was happy that at least she could know that Aftab is safe. The next day, Both Divya and Diya got out of bus. And both of them saw that point where Aftab used to stand. And as expected Aftab was not there. Divya told Diya to inform Ghani to give leave letter on behalf of him. She nodded and then went to the class. Aftab was sitting there on his place but silence prevailed on his desk. All his friends were angry with Divya. Diya went and sat silently. In the interval, she went near Aftab and said “How are you?” Aftab smiled outwardly and said “You can see that very well”. She felt awkward and left the place. All his class friends’ mouths were open. They saw the most beautiful girl of their class went and talked to Aftab. After all what was the matter?? And Aftab mocked her with that reply. They asked Aftab “Have you gone mad to reply her like that”. Ghani told “Shut up guyz… Hey Aftab.. Now that she is talking to you. Please tell her and introduce me to her na?? Plzz yaaaar… mere dost.. mere bhai.. Kuch toh kar yaar..(DO something frnd)”.. Aftab just said “Ok”.

Diya felt bad but still she could overcome it because of her friend. Divya on the other side kept smiling face. It was hard for anyone to keep smiling though they have got hurt to a large extent. And yes, she was doing it just to show that she does not have any problem. Aftab, during the lunch period, went to Diya and said “Diya. I am sorry for morning’s act. I was hurt. Hope you understand my situation too than just your friend’s situation.” Diya said “Yes, I do Aftab. It is ok. No need to tell sorry and all”. Aftab then said “By the way, our class advisor informed me that if we could plan for tour next month, it would be great. And help me in this first. Ask all girls if they would like to plan for tour next month to Kerala. Places will be decided based on the count. So get me the details and inform me by this week end.” Diya just said “Ok rep”.

Divya on the other hand could not do anything. She has told no to Aftab and still her parents are not talking to her. She was feeling very lonely and even Diya started going to her home twice a day as semester was nearing its end. There were three months left for the semester to end. Aftab always thought Diya just as friend and even Diya considered him as her friend’s lover. Not more than that. Everyone says time would change everything. So did Divya think. Now a days, neither Aftab came near bus nor anything happened like before. Aftab used to get upset when he would see Divya talking to everyone happily but not to him. Diya used to console him everyday for this. She used to crack some jokes so that he could laugh. But everything went on phone as well as in person. Diya would be chatting right from the moment she enters the bus. She sits beside Divya and chat through messages. And Divya used to just see it. Days passed on like this. Then it was time for the tour. Everyone in CS dept had arranged for 10 days tour to Kerala. Diya shared everything that she was going on with Aftab. Every chat and every message. Divya could only listen and she could do nothing. She also told, she is going for tour and Aftab was there. Aftab had intention to bring Diya and Ghani closer in the tour. Aftab did not want to think about his lost love and wanted to enjoy his tour. Ghani was expecting he will win Diya’s heart in this tour. Diya felt she had to tell one truth which she was hiding from Aftab that she would tell in the tour. Helpless Divya did not like Diya leaving her alone. The main twist remained in this tour.

Divya called Diya before the departure to her home. Diya then asked one question. On listening the answer, she hugged Divya saying “Thank you Divya. Love you di”. Diya bid bye to Divya and returned to the station. They got ready for tour. Everyone was enjoying to the fullest when they were on the way to Kerala. The places decided were Cochin, Munnar, kodaikanal and dindukkal.  There was no rain to disturb. Was just in Winter season. Temperatures going down than their normal level. All witnessing the beautiful climate overall. When they reached hotel, Ghani asked Aftab that this was the time that he can introduce in Veegaland of Cochin and also tell her that Ghani loved her deeply. On the other hand, Diya was preparing herself how to tell Aftab. Aftab was on confusion how he would tell that Ghani was in love. In fact, it should be he who should be telling her directly after introduction. Everyone was under confusion.

Aftab was with Ghani. After going on water ride, everyone decided to have lunch. Diya along with plate, came and sat next to Aftab. Boys gang of their own class from behind started singing in chorus “Why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di??… Girl uu coloruu white’uu white’uu, Came and sat’uu next’uu, Our heart’uu went to rest’uu rest’uu, why giving this test’uu.. pe pe pe pe- pe pe pe pe, pe pe  pe pe- pe pe….. why this kolaveri kolaveri kolaveri di…….” Aftab stood, turned back and stared. The boys simply kept silent and shut. Ghani pulled him down to make him sitback on his chair. Diya said “Affi.. Don’t bother. They are just kidding. Sit na. please.” Aftab satdown and Diya suddenly said “I have something to tell it to you.”. Ghani’s eyes rolled round and round.  Aftab was shocked “What?? I too wanted to tell you something.” Immediately Diya told “Then you tell me first. Then I will tell mine. Promise.” Aftab said “Very well then.” Pointing out Ghani “He is Ghani, my closest friend for now in classss….” Ghani on the side pushed Aftab slightly with his elbow and looked down and murmured biting his teeth “Tell idiot. Tell”. Aftab continued “……. And…. And……. And….” Diya asked with great curiosity “ And whaaaaaat Affi??” Aftab said in quick finish “And he loves you..”. Diya asked slowly “Is this what you wanted to tell me…”

Ghani covered his face and fell on the table where he was seated. Aftab said “Yes…”. Diya then replied “Let me talk to Ghani. Move.” Aftab was shocked and started moving away from there. Diya stopped him saying “Please stand here itself Aftab” and  Diya said calmly “Ghani… Hope you are listening. This is not the first time that am hearing this from a guy. And sorry that my reply would be same to you that I gave to others. I am not interested in all these. Hope you got your reply. Now can you please excuse us for 5 mins. Hope you don’t mind Ghani. I wanted to talk to Aftab in personal. Please.” Ghani stood up and went simply.  Aftab getting shocks after shock. She pulled him down to sitback on the chair. Then started.

“Aftab. I wanted to tell sorry first.” She said. Her face turned upset look from smiley kinda look. Aftab asked “Whattt? Sorry for what??” Diya said “Please don’t get tensed. Listen carefully. Let me explain you clearly. The day when you chatted with Divya after she got caught. I was with her. She shared everything that you had asked her or whatever went between you in the evening when I went to her house. She was crying crying and crying just saying that no one is understanding me. Neither my parents nor my love. Then I explained her that her situation was at very worst point. I started crying as well. I also said that she has think what she has to do. Then she told me that you had asked her one question regarding continuity of your relationship with her. She asked me what she should be replying. I had no other go but had to help her say something. Either yes to continue or no,not to continue. I also told her how much parents were important. Howmuch her father has sacrificed from the beginning. And so….” She stopped. Aftab’s face went furious but he was controlled and said “So. You asked her to tell. No not to continue the relationship. Right???” Diya started weeping and said “Yes.. I was the one who asked her to tell no to your relationship.” Aftab said “Get up and get lost from here.” Diya said “Am sorry. I did not know that you loved her so much and also she loved you so much. Please Aftab. Forgive me. Please”. Everyone was seeing what was going on here. Aftab silently got up and left the place. Diya kept weeping. She tried talking to him after that. But Aftab never talked to her in cochin nor in Munnar.

They reached Kodaikanal. As soon as they reached the hotel there, Diya ran to the room where Aftab, Ghani and other two friends were there. She knocked the door and entered. Ghani and other 2 friends left. Aftab asked “Why the heck did you come here? Please. I don’t wanna talk to you nor do I wanna talk about that”. Diya said “Please Aftab. Please. Listen. These 2 days, I was neither able to sleep properly. Nor was I able to enjoy properly.” Aftab interrupted “Yeah. Really? But am sorry. I did. I enjoyed and I slept well. And am still enjoying. Now don’t start crying here. I cant see anyone crying.” He said. Diya’s tear drops fell on Aftab’s foot. Diya said “Sorry Affi. Please listen. I myself did not know that…….  

I swear. But I did not realize. I know I have hurt by splitting you away from Divya. I am not telling you to love me Affi. As I told before two days, I got so many proposals but I never accepted any. Because I had no intention of loving anyone. I had decided to never love anyone in life other than myself. So was I doing all till now. But I saw you, you never cared to look at me. When others stared at me but you did not.  I liked it. You are handsome. Responsible. Simple and no showoffs. Simple in the way you are. I loved you more. More than everything, the way you loved Divya made me love you more and more. I have never seen any guy who is like you. Am sorry again. I told what I felt. What I did. But I am still loving you and I will do my best to see you happy. I know you will be happy when you will get your love back. I pray that your love wins and mine wins too.” Aftab was speechless this time. Dazzled of her speech, his eyes were not blinking for a minute. He said “Are you serious?? Diya???” Diya said “I am Aftaab..” Smile and shyness got highlighted from her facial expression. Aftab said in low energyless voice “If my love wins, how will yours win as well. If I get Divya, you will not get me”. Diya said “Oh, yes Mr.Aftab. But if you get Divya, your love wins. If you are happy,that is my victory. I love you Aftab and I will do my best.”

The moment she opened the door, whole class was outside their room and everyone listened what was going on inside. All those boys gang hung their mouths down and Ghani,was found fainted down. Aftab woke him up and Ghani started scolding Aftab “saaale, mere liye pataane ko  kaha toh khud ke liye pataaliya.. kya dosth hai yaar. Waah..”(I asked you to help me in impressing her but you impressed for yourself. Wow. What a friendship yaar..). Aftab said “Nothing like that yaar. Hope you heard what she told. Hope everyone heard what she told.” Crowd simply dispersed off from there. But Aftab was internally somewhere in the corner of the heart was feeling happy that someone at least loves him. He felt proud but did not show off. Diya was happy that she told everything that she had within herself for so many days.  Campfire was made and all danced in joy. All guyz joined with girls and were holding alternate hands. Diya was dancing holding Aftab on one side and Ghani on another side. Ghani told himself “Uddra.. Diya illanna Trisha….” (If not Diya, then Trisha).. And enjoyed the party.

That night, no one slept. Everyone in the hotel gathered as group and each one was talking out whatever they had in their mind about anyone. And everyone enjoyed that too. It was said to be no hard feelings among anyone. And next day early morning they departed and reached Chennai in the evening. After 10 days of enjoying their most beautiful part of their life, they wanted leave for college for 11

 day. And they did get it. Next day was Tuesday. Diya and Divya got down same time. Both saw the corridor, Aftab was standing in the same place. This time he was not seeing Divya but he was looking at Diya and Diya had a big smile on her face. Divya noticed this. Diya did not even wait for Divya to come with her. She just ran to the class. This hurt Divya. During lunch, Divya reached canteen but there again she saw Diya and Aftab sitting together and having lunch. Aftab’s seniors were teasing him to the core but Aftab and Diya were simply looking marvelous as pair and they did not bother about any circumstances. Divya got her lunch along with her classmates and sat on the next table to them.

Aftab and Diya were kidding and joking and laughing with each other. Divya could not see this and walked off the canteen with half stomach itself. Wherever they were seen, they were together after this tour. This tour had changed their lives. News regularly came to Divya’s ears and she was getting hurt every time she heard something. After the classes, Diya went to the bus. As Divya entered, She saw Diya was sitting in her place. She did not mind though. Both exchanged “hi” and Divya sat simply. Diya looked at Divya and said “Come on Divu. Cheer up” Don’t be sad for anything in this world. Nothing is permanent. She said and gave a cunning smile. Divya looked out through window and was shocked. Diya was happy seeing Aftab coming towards his bus. He came and started talking to Diya. Just as like before, his eyes never fell on Divya. How would Divya feel now? She simply took her headset, connected it to her phone and plugged them in ears.

Aftab told Diya “Hi, don’t get on to bus tomorrow evening. We will go out to restaurant tomorrow for dinner after shopping”. Then he asked Diya how the day was. Diya replied as she should have done. Then as whistle was blown, Aftab ran to his bus. Divya removed and asked Diya “What was he talking about restaurant?”  Diya replied saying “Yeah, Tomorrow, we have planned to go out in the evening for shopping in T.Nagar and then after that, dinner in some beautiful restaurant.” Divya said “Ohh.. Gr8.. You have gone to that extent huh?” Then Diya told “Think what you told before tour when I asked you a question”. Divya said nodding her head “Hmmmm..” tears rolling down the eyes and biting smile on the lips. Thought about that moment when Diya asked and felt she should not have told like that.

Here it is. Diya had asked Divya “Do you love Aftab still Divya??” Divya said “No di. I used to but now I don’t”. The moment she heard this answer from Divya, Diya hugged her tightly and said “Love you di”. But in fact Divya was still loving when she told this reply.

Aftab as he reached home was very happy that day. He internally felt very happy and the happiness was like that he felt when Divya had accepted Aftab’s proposal in the beginning. He saw that his phone was ringing and that was from Divya’s number. Name did not appear on his screen as he had deleted the number from contact list. He picked the call and here is the conversation.

Aftab   :           Helloo…

And placed the call on hold. After a minute, he attended the released the hold.

Divya  :           Hello.. Aftaaab?

Aftab   :           Hi Diya.

Divya  :           Achcha.. So you forgot my voice as well.

Aftab   :           (Smiling without showing any sign) How can I forget your voice Diya.

Divya  :           Idiot… Stupid… Nonsense….

Aftab   :           Hey.. hey .. stop.. I told you na,, tomorrow, we will go out… Shop and then go for dinner and then will leave you till your home.

Divya  :           I will kill you if I come there now. Want to go out uh??

Aftab   :           (Literally not bale to control his laugh) Ohh.. Divya.. How are you?

Divya  :           Why are you doing this to me?

Aftab   :           Hello.. who did what to you… I never left anyone. Whatever happened. Its their own fault. I did not do anything.

Divya  :           Aftab, Do you love Diya?

Aftab   :           Yes. I love……..

Divya  :           Shut up Aftab. You cant love her. You are only mine.

Aftab   :           What? Hello.. Network error!!! Hello!! Hello!!!

Divya  :           Please listen Affuma.. am sorry. I will not do this again. I can’t live without you.

Aftab   :           So?? What do you want me to do? Diya loves me too. I cannot leave her now.

Divya  :           I know that Diya loves you now but I am loving you too.

Aftab   :           Oo. Oooh!! I cannot manage 2. Am sorry!!

Divya  :           I did not mean that.  As I told you know, you should have asked me the reason for saying No na duffer…. I cannot live without you. Please don’t let me die like this. I still love you so much affuma. Please understand. Started crying.

Aftab   :           Hmmm… So.. You came on track… huh…!!!

Divya  :           Yes.. I am sorry. I love you, I love you.. I love you…

Unknown voice in between.

Unknown:       I love Aftab as well. Aftab I love you too.

Divya  :           Diya???? You were also on call.

Diya    :           Good catch baby. Yes.. I was also there.

Aftab   :           So Divya and Diya, Now you people decide who wanna be with me.

Diya    :           Aftab. Now don’t drag. I have done what I promised. Divya has come back. I promised you on last day on tour na. I did. Are you happy now?

Aftab   :           Yes Diya. I am. Are you happy.

Diya    :           I am happy and I felt really good after bringing you back.

Divya  :           Thank you Diya. Am sorry..

Diya    :           Don’t feel sorry da. Now Aftab is yours. Am leaving now. You guyz have good talk.

Divya  :           Thank you meri jaan. You are my most best friend I have ever got!!!

Aftab   :           Bye Diya!! Love you!!!

Divya  :           What? Aftaaab..

Aftab   :           Yes. I told I love Diya as more than a friend but not as lover.

Divya  :           Thank God!!

Aftab   :           What about your parents?

Divya  :           You are there na. You get a job, come and talk to my parents. I cannot live without you but also I want my parents as well. So now its your headache to impress my parents.

Aftab   :           Okay Maam. As you wish. Love you Divya..

Divya  :           I love you too Aftab. Then see you tomorrow in college.

Aftab   :           Bye Darling.!!!

Then it was normal life that went on. Aftab and Diya were closest friends till final year. In the final year, after final exams, They had a farewell party. On the day of farewell, Diya called Divya while leaving And called Aftab as well. Diya said “Guyz, tomorrow, am going to pune. Divya if you don’t mind”. Diya pulled Aftab closer and kissed him on his cheeks and said “I still love you. Never think my love for you was false.(tear drops stood on lower eye lid) I am happy that you are happy. I am happy that my friend is happy. Will miss you both a lot. Take care”. After that she kept walking and never turned to look behind.

Diya went to Pune and Aftab got placed in Wipro. Divya joined M.Tech to postpone any marriage proposals from outside. Obviously Divya had to lose her parents love not for permanent but only till Aftab came and convinced them. And yes, he did. Marriage was dated after Divya completed M.Tech and Till then Aftab could settle down.

__END__

