It was my last semester at Jamia Millia Islamia. I was sitting at the cafeteria and thinking of my future. Yet I was not placed as my friends were. It was actually the time when everyone in the college dreamt of placements and all. I can’t explain how depressed I was.

Suddenly a group of girls went there and my eyes met with one of them. If she was not in red ,I may not have noticed her. I don’t know her department. The only thing I knew was that she was one of the most beautiful lady I have seen in my life. Again I make myself back to the depression state. But that was actually motivating. A thought came in my mind that if I’ll get placed, I’ll propose her. This was the thought which most of the teenagers think.

As the days went off, I became more busy in my studies. Again, a few weeks later, I went for an interview in a company and saw the same lady there. She was interning under HRM there. But till then my friends made me realized that following someone is a waste of time as they had experienced it earlier. But as I was fond of romantic movies, I didn’t take it too seriously. During the process of recruitment, we recognized each other.

There she was helping me in filling my recruitment forms. She asked me to sign the recruitment contract, but the terms and conditions are not considerable for me. They are providing the job in shift. It was very difficult for me as I was thinking of my higher studies. Finally i didn’t signed it. But I remember that day till now , as it was very beautiful as the same time toughest day for me as I rejected the offer and letting my “beautiful lady” go. Actually, she was not mine as she mentioned during conversation that she is engaged to someone. We met that day for the first time, I felt a bit bad hearing this.

But then a dialogue from the movie ‘ yeh jawani hai deewaani hits me ” kahin tak pahunchne ke liye, kahin se nikalna bahot zaruri hota hai, sahi time pr cut lena chahiye warna gile shikway hone lagte hai”.

And then I decided to let it go and focus on my studies i.e, my career.

–END–

