My 1st and Her last love story – part 2

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I didn’t slept properly that night.

All my mind and heart were running in Midhu’s memories. Next day morning i took Zaheer’s bike and i went to the same place. I stopped my bike right in front of that building and i stepped inside.

There was a lady aged around 50-60. Eating some pan and there were two bouncers and few shemales next to her.

As soon as i came inside she asked me “whom you want” with a wild voice. She seems like she is very aggressive and arrogant.

I politely said ” Middd….Midd….”

“What”

“Midhuuu…”

” 1 hour or 2 hours, here or at ur place”

” 1 complete day at my place”

“okay pay 25k and take her. You have to drop her here itself tomorrow by this time. You have to look after her food and all for that whole day.”

25k…!!! Oh my god. I don’t have that much money. But some strange feeling is forcing me to pay that money.

” I’ll come with money” i replied and i came out of that building. All they were laughing at me and my answer. But i didn’t cared. When I’m on my bike and about to give a kick to my bike unfortunately i looked into my bike’s mirror and i saw Midhu. She is looking at me from her balcony.

 Then i realized that she might have heard our conversation.

I smiled at her and i started moving.

After i reached my room i called Zaheer to ask 25k. He said that he was helpless.

I’m just thinking what to do now. Suddenly i got a call from a new no.

 I’ve noticed that no. Is from Mumbai through truecaller.

I’m thinging that whom it is and i answered.

“Hello”

Silence….

“Hello….” No response from other side. Then i realized that the call was disconnected.

Then i made call to that no.

A lady picked and said hello…

After hearing to that voice i said

” Midhu…”

“Hmmmm”..

” hey… U remembered my no… Wow that so nice of you”

“Why you came today”.

“Nothing… I’m just travelling that side and came to have a look at you”.

“Dont lie nandu, if you are travelling from that side why you came to my place and went back without meeting me”

“Actuallyyy….” I replied

” i know nandu, you came for me. I heard all your conversation but how can you arrange that much huge money nandu. Please don’t do anything for me. You better to go on with your life”

” Midhu i will show you the real meaning of life. You just Wait and see”

” but how and why. Why you doing all this. Why you going to pay 25k for a girl whom u met 1 day before and had only 1 hour interaction”.

” because so far I’ve seen lot of girls who gives their complete body for small enjoyments,for parties, for mobile recharges, for etc., but now i met a girl who giving her body only to fill her abdomen and the main reason is…..

I love You Midhu”

” Nandu plz… Don’t love me. I’m not the right person for you. I’m a spoiled lady. I’m a bitch. I’m sure that you’ll definatly get a good and beautiful girl” she said.

” i may not be your 1st love,1st kiss, 1st sight and 1st date but i want be your last for everything

 And by the way i already got that good and beautiful girl last night” i replied.

Call was disconnected due to low balance as I’m in roaming. I’m playing with my phone and thinking what to do now and how to gather that much money.

Suddenly i came across my phone wallpaper which is my pic catching my 1 lakhs rupees DSLR camera.

The very next day i went to airport and took two air tickets to vizag.

Then i immediately ran to Midhu’s place. Without making any delay and i paid 25k to that arrogant lady and i began to talk towards Midhu’s room. That lady was calling me and shouting that “hey man she is busy”…

I didn’t listen to her words and i ran towards her room. The door was looked from inside. I’m not able to control my self at that time. I gave a huge push to that door and the door was opened.

At that time some stranger was laying naked over Midhu. She was covered with a blanket and that man was trying to give her a fire kiss with his cigarette.

I’m really frustrated by seeing that moment and i gave him a kick on his back. He felt down from the bed and went into unconscious because he was fully drunk.

Then i turned back by closing my eyes and said

” I’ll wait near my bike. Get ready n come fast” by saying these words i left that room.

I sat on bike and waiting for Midhu.

Suddenly a soft hand touched my shoulder and a shapely body touching my back side.

I turned back… Its Midhu… In saree….

That moment was really unbelievable…. A wonderful lady sitting on my back that too for the first time.

I’ve started my bike and went to Zaheer’s office to give him his bike and i said him that I’m going to come back within 2 days.

Then we both took a taxi and i asked cab driver to drop us at airport.

While we are in cab she is really busy in looking out of window because 1st time a man doing nothing with her and allowing her to do her wishes.

We got out of the cab and walked into the airport. She was very exited to see that airport. She is laughing herself by looking at all the activities and infrastructure in airport. I don’t want to disturb her happiness so remained silent.

Then we boarded our plain. After sitting inside i adjusted her seat belt and then mine. Then suddenly she kept her hand and on my hand and hold very tightly. I looked at her.

Then She said ” I’ve travelled on bike where one person is driving and another person is sitting my back and thinking that I’m a small ball between them. I’ve travelled in car where 4 persons try to behave like hungry tigers eating 1 deer. But 1st time i travelled on a bike like a small girl sleeping on her mom’s lap and 1st time i travelled in car like a new born child looking at his parents for the 1st time. Thank you so much Nandu”

I just smiled and kissed her on her forehead.

Then she asked me

” by the way how u arranged that much money”

I again smiled at her and flight started taking off…

***

(to be continued)

