My 1st and Her last love story – 1

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I’m a short film Maker and directed few short films as well. I have a DSLR camera to shoot all my short films.

Done with my b.tech , where all my friends got selected in campus selections , I’m looking for a chance in film Industry. So, I’m going to participate in the upcoming short film fest which is going to be held in Hyderabad in a couple of months. If I get selected in that contest then they will provide me some sponsorships for my individual films. So I’m getting ready for that event and working on a good script.

So i planned to leave my hometown (vizag) and decided to go somewhere else to have some break and to write a story on “Social Networkings influence on youth”.

My cousin Zaheer is working in a software company in Mumbai. He called and asked me to stay with him for a few days and I agreed for it. The very next day I Landed in Mumbai and he came to receive me.

After Zaheer left for his work I was surfing internet so that I can get some important information for my new script. When I’m browsing about something in Internet , I came across some porn website.

When Zaheer returned from his office he asked me regarding my story. Then i explained regarding that website which I’ve seen in morning.

“Do you want to go” zaheer asked me.

” I didn’t mean that, but I’m very exited to do” i replied. Because I never even had a girl friend as I’m from boys college.

Then he asked me to get ready and we both came out of our room. He started his bike and took me to some strange place, there were many Ladies of age group 18-45 and calling us to get in.

He took me into one building and asked me to wait in reception. He have lodged 2 girls for both of us and I didn’t even know that. After few minutes he came to me and I was told to wait in room no. 45.

I was waiting in that room. The room was very clean but of course it seems like very old construction. Lighting in the room was so dull and one fan above the bed.

While I’m observing all those things in that room suddenly i heard that someone knocking on my door and I got bit tensed to open it. But finally without making any delay I opened the door.. A beautiful girl entered into my room. She is really amazing. Her age is around 20-22.

I was staring at her. She removed her jerkin and she is so fair and beautiful. Good skin tone , Nice physique and very good height. Her perfume was really tempting me. She is in pink top and blue

 jeans. She came towards and sat beside me.

After seeing her I changed my mind and decided not to have sex with her because she is really looking innocent and does not seem like a sex worker. I asked her name.

“Midhu”.

“How long u r in this profession”

“Since I’m 13”.

I really felt pity for her and I tried to interact with her. I made her laugh by sharing lot of jokes.

“I’m seeing a real man for 1st time”

I too laughed at her. Asked her the reason why she is doing this. Then she replied-

“I lost my mother at age of 13 and my father is a kind of person who spends all his time in wine shop. He have sold me to work here and the money which you have paid outside he has some share in that. Even the remaining money will be with our care takers. They’ll just provide me a shelter and food”

Tears are rolled out in both of our eyes. I hugged her very tightly.

“Till now I had thousands of hugs but i never had this type of caring hug” she said.

I asked her ” will u be with me”.

“I’m sorry, i can’t come out of here. They will not allow me to get out of here. You better go a head and have a life. But i have few wishes” she said.

“What are they”.

” i want to come out of this prison at least one whole day and i want to feel the outer world, i want to have lot of ice cream, want to play with kids, want to eat a proper food,want to go for a movie, beach everything. But i hope all these things are never going to happen for me in this life. I wish i could reborn like a bird in my next birth.”

After listing to all those words I really wanted to help her but I’m help less. In the mean while i got a call from Zaheer and asked me to come out, that we are done with the time limit.

“My name is Nandu and my no. 950*****25. Gotta go.”

 When i turned back and trying to open the door she came to me and said, “Take care Nandu. Please don’t come to this place again. All the best for ur bright future” and kissed me on my forehead.

When we both are on bike and returning to our room, zaheer is asking me about my experience. But, I couldn’t hear his words. Only Midhu is in my mind.

After we came to room he asked me….”Nandhu… Nandhu… What happen to you buddy. R u okay”.

“I think I’m in love”

“What.. Who is she”

“Midhu”

“Who is midhu”

“The girl who was in my room with me for a 1 hour and shared everything instead on her body”

“What the hell are you talking. What a crap is it. Are you loving that bloody prostitute”.

“Yes. She is the lady who selling her body to feed herself, and we are the people who are educated, professionals, earning and consuming them”.

Zaheer had no words.

” i want to get her out of that prison and i want to give her a happy life”.

Zaheer: ” what you going to do now”

***

(To be continued)

