My 1st and Her last love story – Final part

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

When she asked me that question i hesitated to answer her….but she continued asking me the same question.

Then i answered ” I’ve sold my camera. I came to Mumbai to write a story on social networking and to make a Short film on it to participate in a competition. But now I’m ready to do anything for you my dear”

” but Nandu it’s your career”

I took a long breath and said

 “but you are my life”

She got tears and slept on my shoulder.

Then I was thinking that i dont want to go back to Mumbai and don’t want to send her back to that prison. I’ll ask my friends and I’ll try to search a job for her. But the only thing which made me to think a lot is where to safe guard her.

My parents will allow her if i say them that she came for an interview or for some exam. But that will help only for 2,3 days. After that…. I’m really in confusion…. Don’t have any idea… Then i decided that i have 2 more days to think about her shelter in this mean while I’ll make her to stay in my home.

Within 2 hours we reached vizag. Then we both went to my house… After seeing her my mom asked who is she and her details. I said that she is my school friend and came to attend an interview.

Then my mom asked me to show our house to her. Then i took her to my room. She felt it’s like her room and she jumped on my bed and she is playing like small Baby…

I’m really happy by seeing her because i made many people to smile and laugh but all that was only from their faces. But 1st time I’m seeing a girl that she is laughing from bottom of her heart.

” OK Midhu.. Go and fresh up. I’ll give you my sisters cloths. Post lunch we’ll go out” i said and i went.

Me and mom are at dining table and about to eat. My mom is a wonderful Cook. We both waiting for Midhu and I’m telling all my time in Mumbai. Suddenly a silent fragness and a drizzling air came and asked me to look at my right. When i turned my face she was like an Angel in my sister’s white dress. Came and sat at dinning table and i was starring at her.

My mom hit me on my head and asked to eat.

” So where are you people going to hangout Midhu” mom asked her.

” We planning to go to beach mom” i replied.

“You eat, I’m talking with her” answered my mom.

“Actually aunty, I’m new to this place so i dont know anything ” said Midhu.

“No issues. Nandu will take care my dear” mom said and turned back to go into kitchen.

“Aunty.. You cooked like my mom.. But she is no more now” Midhu with tears…

Mom immediately came towards Midhu and hugged her with one hand…”Hey…we all there for you right.. Common give me your plate i’ll feed you”

She was looking at me with tears while my mom feeding her the food. Then we both came out on my bike. She hugged me very tightly. Then we went to a ice cream store and made her to sit in front of all the verities of ice creams and i asked her “which one would you like to have”

“White color ice cream which should be sweet” she said.

I smiled ” all ice creams are sweet and the white one is called as vanilla”

We both had ice cream and went to a movie. Post that we both went to beach. She was very exited as soon as she saw that beach. She lost her control and jumping like a small kid in that sand and water.

It’s too late. Mom is calling me on my mobile to come home. So we both came and stood on footpath to cross the road and my bike is on other side of the road. She is playing with a small kid who is next to us with his parents on that footpath.

“Ok ill pay the parking money and ill wait at our bike, you come fast” i said and came to my bike. While i was sitting on my bike i heard a big sound.

I looked back. That kid was hugging his mother very tightly and his mother trying to close his eyes. My looks went to some other place where a lory hit my Midhu.

I immediately ran towards her. She was with full of blood all over her body. I’m in confusion for few minutes. I’m not able to hear anything. Donno who called that ambulance and donno why I’m sitting in this hospital. Its like a dream…. Everything happened in fraction of second.

A nurse came to me

“Sir she is calling you”.

I went in side. Midhu was fully bandaged and unable to move. Smiled very pleasantly after looking at me. I went and stood beside her. She hold my hand and dragged towards her month and kissed on my hand.

“Thank you Nandu. You gave me my 20 years life in a single day. You are the best thing happened in my life”

Immediately i started crying and i sat beside her, i took her head and kept on my laps.

“Nandu please don’t cry, please…You made all me fantasies true. Can you do me one more last favour?” She asked me.

I’m still crying and nodded my head with tears.

“Instead of making a film on social networking…. Please work on our story and name it as My 1st and her last Love story”… She said with a smile and her smile was struck there itself like a picture.

I hold her very tightly and shouted “no Midhu you cant leave me like this…U cant do this to me..Midhu… Midhu…stay with me… Stay with me Midhuuuuu”.

 

Annapurna studios, Hyderabad:

All the short films had presented and we all are waiting for the result.

Host came on to the dias

 ” here we go…. Today’s winner is…. Nanduuuuu, For the film –

 My 1st and her last Love story”

Crowd was clapping and shouting saying

Nandhu….

 Nandhu…

 Nandhu….

I went on to the dias to collect my award.

__END__

