Love Story – Nik Angel Love Story -4

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sorry Friends I was busy so unable to write the next part these days. Now I am back and updating the subsequent part of the story.Read the story Nikangel,Nikangel 2,Nikangel 3 so you can understand this story.I say my English is poor, but still I am writing my feelings and my experience.

Nik is in hospital, lost everything, just he is breathing, his mind is totally blocked. Only with sadness and loneliness he only trying to keep himself alive.Here one twist came in his life that is Priti’s mother coincidentally came to the hospital and saw Nik both were totally shocked to see each after so many years both saw each other.She told Nik his Angel is alive yes she is blooming.Suddenly so many questions are raised in Nik mind how she is alive because Angel took his last breath in his lap only so he is shocked. Priti’s mother told him the whole thing from that time she went unconscious seeing that you went in shock and you thought you lost her, but the truth is she went in a coma. Priti is still in a coma she is in her grandmother’s house.

Nik got back his full energy very eager to see his Angel, after two days he got discharged from the hospital and went to see her after so many years finally that day came. Priti’s mother many time called Nik but no response because he was in a mental hospital for nearly 6 months. When he came back, they went for her treatment so there was no communication between them.

Nik went to see her with her mother to Angel grandmothers house, finally that movement came. Nik went to her room saw her, it is the worst thing which he saw. She is lying in bed one food pipe on her nose from which her mother feeding her liquid foods, her hand is also fractured and not recovering yet, her body becomes totally skinny seeing her in that condition is very horrible and hurting. He was feeling like walking on fire feeling like pins pinching his heart in his eyes tears is flowing unable to see her in this condition her mother controlled him .

He went to her held her palm in his palm and asked her why you saved letting me have died in that accident. She is quite Nik started blaming himself for her condition. God is also so unfair who always there for others she is only suffering like hell. What he can do because who has saved his life loved lot showed the true path of life to him now she only in death bed.Friends imagine the situation definitely at least one drop of tear will come in your eyes.Someone said good people always have to suffer a lot and should pass the exam of life is very tough.Once go in the path of truth you will face numerous hurdles many pains truth is bitter. Nik sat there only with her started to tell her how he missed her what all he did these years two days went like that only now time is to back to home and give the exam still 3 exams were there he written the exams and passed too .

Now again in his life there is reason to live alive for her Nik decided to do something for her let her treatment get better may be because of his love she might be alright he kept the hope and went to success what he decided now everything is cleared only his angel is in front of him for her is ready to do anything. Daily he uses to call her mother and ask about her condition he prays a lot for her.He started to live for himself and for her other than no one is with him the days are passing ………..

***

[To be continued]

