This story is selected as 

 and won 

Paranormal Story – Immortal Soul

Photo © Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Faster daddy, faster….”

“Slow down Shankar…. It’s too dangerous”

“Come on honey… Let’s boys have some fun”

I bent forward to look at the speedometer – It showed 120 kmph. I used to love going for long drives on a fast bike, hugging my dear love. But, ever since Arjun was born, I became a responsible mom.

“No Shankar…. There is not even a divider on this highway…. And, people these days drive crazy… Slow down please…”

“Nooo Daddy… Don’t slow down… Don’t let the red car win the race… Go…. Go… Go… Vrooom”

Shankar increased the speed of the bike and moved to the right lane to overtake the red car. As he was about to come back to our lane, a bike came out of nowhere on the opposite side…

“Watch oouutttt”

———-

I woke up from my dream, my hands wet with perspiration… I can still remember the day when Shankar and I fled from my village… If Shankar had been a second slower, the train would have crashed us… It was too risky, but that was our only option to escape from the village.

I turned to my left and brushed Arjun’s hair with my hand. I slowly bent down and kissed him on his forehead. He was sleeping, but his lips smiled. It’s amazing how children can feel real love even in their sleep. I turned to my right, and brushed my right hand on the empty bed. Tears dropped from my eyes. The space that was once occupied by my love, Shankar was now empty.

Unable to sleep, I started recollecting the accident….

I knew that being a single mother was not going to be easy. All through my life, I had either been living under the shadow of my father, or with the love and protection of Shankar. I had heard stories of how young widows struggle in this male dominated world. I was afraid to face the world without protection – I felt like an egg without a shell.

———

One night, Arjun was watching 

 on TV. I was sitting next to him, lost in thoughts. Suddenly, the TV display turned to a different channel. I took the remote and changed it back to the 

. But, within couple of seconds, the TV channel changed. I noticed that it was now playing the movie 

 – the first movie that Shankar and I saw together after marriage. I changed the channel one more time, but after couple of seconds it went back to 

. I was shocked and switched off the TV. But, the TV switched on by itself and 

started playing. I tried to take the remote in my hand… But, it started flying in air and pointed towards the TV. I tried again to take the remote, but felt a force pulling it away from me.

I was horrified and ran into the bedroom, carrying Arjun with me. He asked me why we are in the bedroom, and if he can go back to watch the cartoon. I somehow convinced him to go to sleep. But, I was not able to sleep. My mind kept replaying the scene of the TV channel switching and the remote flying. After struggling a lot, I finally fell asleep.

——–

I looked at the photo, that showed me with a frowning face – my eyebrows close to each other… eyelids half closed… my mouth expressing a mischievous smile, and my right fist ready to punch the viewer…. There was a rain droplet in the photo, just below my left eye… probably due to the rain that visited earth at the time the photo was taken…… I touched the droplet in the photo, and my finger became wet – indicating to me that it was not a rain drop, but a drop of tear from my eyes….  I wiped the tear off the motionless eye (on the photo) and the operational, yet lifeless eye that was part of my physical body….

I closed the photo album and kept it on the sofa… I closed my face with my palms and bent down, resting my elbows on my knees…. Tears started flowing out of my eyes as if water from a dam was just released…… I heard a faint sound of Arjun calling me from the bedroom… I wiped my tears with my saree and went to check on him…. He was fast asleep…. I thought that maybe I imagined his voice, and started walking towards the living room…

As I reached the living room, my body started shaking by what I saw – The photo album was flying few feet above the sofa… Slowly the pages started to turn one by one….. I stayed frozen, with my mouth open… My heart started beating fast and I started breathing heavily…After a few seconds, I closed my mouth and gulped down the air….

I looked around and found a flower vase near me. I took it in my hands and held it close to my chest. I slowly started walking towards the sofa, with my hands tightly gripping the flower vase. If there was any evil spirit present, I knew that a flower vase was not going to save me. But holding it gave me the strength to move closer to the sofa. As I moved a few steps, the photo album fell down on the floor with a thud sound. It wasn’t too loud…. but in the silence of the house, it was loud enough to wake up Arjun….

“Mommy, where are you?” – I turned around and saw Arjun standing outside the bedroom. His eyes were half open, and he was rubbing them using the fingers from his only hand.

The lights in the house started flickering. I heard the sound of rain crashing against the ground outside. It seemed like a heavy downpour.

– Suddenly, there was a loud sound of thunder, and the lights went off completely.

“Mummyyy”, Arjun came running towards me.

Holding the flower vase in one hand, I bent down grabbed him with my other hand. The house was pitch dark now.

“Hold my hand Arjun… Walk slowly with me – one step at a time. We need to find a candle”

I started walking slowly, holding Arjun’s hand tightly. My eyes slowly got used to the darkness, and I was able to find my way. As I walked past the sofa, I heard someone softly calling my name. A chill ran down my spine. It was not Arjun’s voice… but the voice sounded familiar. I continued walking, and heard my name being called again. I was able to recognize the voice now – It was Shankar’s voice. I slowly turned my face to look at the sofa…

“AAAHHHH….” – The lightning crackled outside, flashing light on the sofa… It was only for a second, but enough to let me catch a glimpse of Shankar sitting on the sofa.

I dropped the flower vase on the floor, and started to run, carrying Arjun with me…. I reached a corner of the room and kneeled down… I held Arjun’s body tightly… I was afraid to turn towards the sofa… But, anxiety made me look at the sofa… It was empty… Maybe it was my hallucination…

“NNOOOO” – The lightning illuminated the sofa again, and I saw Shankar sitting there… It was not a hallucination.. I turned towards Arjun – He looked horrified… 

I was too terrified to ask him anything…

I started hyperventilating…I wrapped my arms around Arjun and hugged him tightly…

“Everything will be fine Arjun… Just relax… Mommy is here for you…”

I closed my eyes tightly… I think it might have been an hour or so before we fell asleep…

——–

Days passed… Occasionally, I used to see some paranormal activity… At first, the thought of living in a house with a spirit scared me… But, most of the abnormal activities seemed to convey something to me – It was the presence of my husband, Shankar…. Right from the TV channel switching to 

 (the first movie that Shankar and I watched after marriage) to the pages of the photo album turning, it was all related to Shankar and myself. There were times when the music system suddenly started playing Shankar’s favorite song… And, at times I could find my favorite dish (that only Shankar could cook) served on the dining table.

As I started realizing that the spirit was of Shankar’s, I felt protected. But, I was a bit concerned if I was just imagining things… I was afraid that I might be suffering from some medical condition… But, even if I was suffering from any such condition, I didn’t want to get cured… I couldn’t talk or listen to Shankar… And, I couldn’t even see him… But, I was able to feel him… And, that feeling was enough to keep me going… I dismissed all thoughts of visiting a doctor or even calling a priest to examine the house… I did not want to lose Shankar a second time..

——–

One night, after Arjun went to bed, I went to the living room. I noticed a dim light on the dining table. As I went closer, I realized that the light was coming from Shankar’s laptop. From the position where I was standing, I could only see the back of the laptop. I quickly moved to the other side of the table to see what was displayed on the screen. Tears started flowing from my eyes and I started breathing heavily from what I saw on the laptop screen –

There was a Google Chrome browser showing search results for “How to contact spirit of dead person”… 

 All these days, I was hoping that Shankar’s soul will contact me. But, it never occurred to me that 

 should contact him. I realized that Shankar had been waiting for me to contact him. But, since I had not taken any step, he has now tried to show me what I need to do to get in touch with him.

The thought of being able to interact with Shankar made a strange excitement grow inside me. I opened some of the websites and read the instructions. I was too anxious… I looked around to see if there was a paper to take notes. I saw Shankar’s personal diary on the table. I opened it and turned to the last written page…

I quickly turned few pages to the right…

I started sweating profusely by now…. I tried to turn the pages of the diary, but my hands were shivering… I took a deep breath and turned few more pages to the right…

 –END–

