Short Story of Love – My kind of love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Again my editor has given me an assignment of getting a real story worth a million, and somewhere I was thinking how much real it will be, he will never forget to spice it up and distort it almost. I had always argued with him regarding it but to no avail. And I know how much he wishes to fired me but he cannot because Rex Alfred will never let it happened.

Rex Alfred, a handsome man who claim to love me more than anything else in this world . Rex among the most valued men in our newspaper, and qualified one too. He has clearly mention our editor that if he fired Samantha Lewis, that’s me, he will leave the job right there. And obviously the editor cannot bear loosing him. After all he was talented, experienced and best in his work, though honestly I don’t like his gesture at that time and was about to resign but I got the news he was ready to resign too. And perception change, as a matter of fact I don’t love him but I do care for him somehow, so I didn’t.

Rex has many times tried to convince me about his love for me but I want to give it time. I felt Rex was too fast.I believe in lifelong love, marriage can happened only once in my life. I don’t want to go through the trauma of divorce that is why I was so hesitant to be involved in a relationship. I told this to Rex and rather than moving ahead, he preferred to wait for me. Strange but at that moment I felt something for Rex. It was love or simple appreciation for him, tough to tell. But whatever it was I appreciated him at that moment.

In search of real story, I interviewed lot of people but the stories failed to impress me. In this search I met Jenny, an old lady maybe in her seventies, she was working in NGO and helped me a lot in my search. I didn’t have something that real by that time and was disappointed . A bond was created between us. Sometime I used to called her granny and she used to loved it . One day granny told me her life story and here it goes- Jennifer lovingly called Jenny; a natural beauty in her young days (I can attest that because she was still beautiful) believe in one time love, a love for lifetime. And now the story in her words-

” I met George at some function and there was instant spark between us, slowly our bond turned to be very strong. George was not doing well health wise . I took him to the doctor and he had a thorough check up. Next evening, (unfortunate evening) his report came George was suffering from AIDS. Doctors said he does not have lot of time, (Tears stared rolling from Jenny eyes) our world was shattered . I cannot tell how I felt at that time, it was unbearable . I was just not getting what to do. More than my pain, what was more hurting was George’s condition. He was in a shock. A man who always smiled , was not even talking. You cannot imagine how i felt, I was felt like dying. But seeing George I decide that’s it, so what if he had less time whatever time he had I am going to give him a time of lifetime.

“I went to George to talk but before I can say something George said to me;’Jenny I think now you should not meet me. You should accept Ralf and begin your life in new manner.’ (Ralf happens to be the guy who wanted to marry Jenny) I know it wasn’t easy for him to say this.Ralf used to like me a lot and George never likes this fact.” (A weak smile came and slowly faded from Jenny’s face)

“I went near him and said George you know you are the first and last man in my life and I cannot love again. So I decided that whatever time we had we will make it memorable. First time in my life I saw George crying but I was not sad, after all it was a new beginning. I shifted to George house and I know my limitation but that cannot stop me to be with him. For me physical relationship was not at all important, what matters was George’s love for me.”

And Jenny continued after a pause and I could see she was crying and smiling all at the same time.

“We spent time with each other; share small happiness; laugh together; watched movies and a lot of different things. George also deposited some money in the name of a child in an orphanage, who I adopted after George death and as he wished.”

“In his last days George again tried to convince me to start afresh after he was gone but it was useless and he knew this. George was the only man in my life and remain to be so even after he was gone. I did every thing I could to give him happiness in whatever manner I could. Ralf waited for my yes for a long time but then he understood that Jenny’s love was only for George and ultimately got married. Though we are still friends.”

Jenny wiped her tears and looked at me and I was crying and wiping my tears she smiled and said; “Samantha when I will die and go to George, we will be the man and the wife”.

I smiled and hugged her and said; “I wish Jenny I wish ,I can love someone as truly as you did. But what about the child you have adopted”

“He is now happily married and live in London but visit me every Christmas” said Jenny.

Generally I don’t share my personal life with anybody but I did so with Jenny, as I found her similar to me in some way. She loved once and I believe in loving only once and also marrying once. I told her about Rex, his love for me, my opinion about him and every thing about my perception. Jenny told me to give Rex a fair chance and not to judge him on the basis of my perception. She also emphasized that Rex might be the best husband I can ever have. Whatever she said made me take a decision in favor of Rex.

Then we talk little more about her life then as it was too late by that time I left for my hotel. That night I could not sleep. I was thinking of Jenny’s love story and suddenly a thought struck-I will ask Jenny if I could publish her story. It was inspiring in more way than one and real too.

Next morning I excitedly went to meet Jenny. But it was late by then. Jenny died last night. People were taking her for the final farewell. I was shocked and all I can say was ‘wish you two happy life together Jenny. I called up Rex and cried . I did not said a word.I can hear the worry and concern in his voice between my sniffing. Next day Rex was with me, Indeed Jenny was right.

I decided not to publish Jenny’s story as I will never like it to be distorted. And rather than moving on to find something new. I decided to leave the job and get married to Rex. Rex and I went to Jenny’s grave with her favorite flowers to say thanks. All this while thinking whether I can also love as truly and selflessly as Jenny. I wish I can.

__

