Romantic Story – IS THE MOON BEAUTIFUL?

Photo credit: 

 from 

They were chatting on the phone when suddenly she asked  “Can you come in your balcony?”

He was confused but replied anyway “Why? Are you coming over? In that case I’ll just open the door.”

“No. For a change can you do something without reasoning. Just because your best friend wants you to do so.”

“Okay! calm down! Hold on!” He goes to the balcony wondering what was she up-to now. She was the most unpredictable girl he had ever met in his entire life. Girls usually tend to be introvert shy and quite. But she is the exact opposite. She is extrovert and out going. Everyone loves her company and adores her beauty. She is what people call strong. She stands like a pillar to all her friends who need help. But she rarely relies on any one for her help. She seems to independent and strong from far away but once she allows you to be close to  her; you can tell that she is scared. You can see vulnerability right in her eyes. And he was one of them who knew all her weakness and strength.

She was eagerly waiting for his reply. She was about to do something she has not done in her entire life and nor does she plan on doing it ever again. He is a very nice guy. Like other boys he wouldn’t show off. He kept a low profile. But he had fair share of popularity because the stunning looks and also because he had a stunningly beautiful girlfriend. Yes he had because his girlfriend cheated on him that too with his best friend. After that incident he was actually detached. He didn’t loath people and relations but he always avoided them. He had even shut her out but because of her stubborn caring nature she stuck to him; slowly and gradually he opened up to her. They became best of friends and then there was no going back. He had moved over her ex but was still a bit in-confident about relations. He still had trust issues. She is his best friend but he never says that out aloud because of the past. She was brought of her trail of thoughts by the beep of message.

“OK! Your highness I am in the balcony. Now next?”

Today was sharad poornima and she has been waiting for two months for this to make it right, “Ok! So, do you see the moon?”

“I always see the moon. You really brought me out of the bed for this reason?”

“Shut up! I know that you are no blind and you see the moon always. Now just look at it and tell me is the moon beautiful?”

“What a stupid question? Of course it is very beautiful.”

“Our relation is more beautiful than that.”

He hadn’t expected this. He could tell that she is up-to something. She usually isn’t this sweet. “Now chuck the play and say what’s the matter with?”

“Ummmmm…….. okay………. I will but you will have to answer few questions first and I promise that I will tell you everything. Please answer first. Pretty please.”

“Woah…………. too much pleading!!!!!! Okay I will. Shoot.”

“Is the existence of sun obvious?”

“Very much. What kind of question is that?”

“Sush! Just answer don’t cross question. Is the ocean deep?”

“Okay.Yes indeed.”

“Does the sky have limits?”

“Nope.”

“Is the sky always clear and with stars or sun?”

“Nope, sometimes it is dark, cloudy and gloomy.”

“Am I a good person?”

“Yes you are a very good person. Now please can we stop this and tell me what’s going on?”

“Okay I will, but promise this won’t ruin our friendship.”

“Depends, but if you don’t tell it surely will ruin our friendship.”

She took a deep breath and texted “uff! ok! So as i said that our relation is more beautiful than the moon. But I want to  say that………. say that I LOVE YOU. And the presence of these feelings is as obvious as the existence of sun. My feelings for you are deeper than the ocean and limitless as the sky. I can’t promise you that our relation will always be happy go lucky; there will be many hurdles. We won’t succeed at each one of them. We will fail but if we are together we will learn to stand up and overcome that. I know you have had a hard past but you can’t dwell in the past. How long will you punish yourself for the mistake of others? I also know that I am not a perfect person and certainly not the best person but for you I will try to be one. I want to be the first person you think when something good or bad happens. I couldn’t be your first love but i certainly want to be you last love. I don’t know how this happened and when it happened but I know one thing that I TRULY LOVE YOU. SO MAY I HAVE THE HONOR OF BECOMING YOUR GIRLFRIEND?”

He read the text again and again. He checked the sender’s name and number but it was her only. This is what he feared. He didn’t want this to happen. Now he will lose the only best friend he has. He didn’t reply. She didn’t push him for reply and simply waited. But after 24 hours her patience came to an end and she called him. To her relief he picked but she never had expected the conversation that took place hence forth. She said “Hi”

After a pause”Hello”

“Um…… so about the last night. I am sorry I know it was out of the blue”….. Before she could say further she was interrupted by him

“NO” He said in a stern voice.

“Sorry. I didn’t get you.” Truth was she understood everything, but she anyway wanted to hear him say it.

“I don’t love you. I never can. You are not the one I want to be with. I trusted you to be my friend best friend but you ruined it. You took away my friend. Good bye.”

She had started crying from the moment he started speaking but didn’t say a word because she very well knew that she herself had invited her to this trouble and separation. He could hear her sniffle it made him upset but his anger took control. She said “I know. I am sorry. Please forgive me if possible you are and will be my best friend. I am sorry that I love you.”

“Stop it. Just go away. Don’t ever call or text again”

“Okay, if that keeps you happy. Goodbye. Bff.” The call ended and their friendship too ended with that.

She missed him but the anger in his voice in the last call and the expression on his face the next day in college scared her to do anything. She really wanted to be with him but she couldn’t do anything about it.

 

Almost two months had past since the incident. There had not been a single communication between them since the phone call. It was 31st December the last day of the year. She wasn’t much excited about the new year. For her it was a normal routine day.

In the evening there was a party being held in her college on account of new year’s eve. She really wasn’t interested in the party but anyhow she decided to tag along because of her friends.

She decided to leave the past behind at least for the night and to enjoy herself. She wore a beautiful white body-con dress with brown shrug, silver dangling earrings and black high heels. She was looking breath-taking.

The college hall was filled with students. Loud music blared through the speakers. All were dancing their heart out and she too decided to join the dance and soon she was the center of attraction in the ground.  Suddenly the music came to halt. The students were shouting for music to start. But then he appeared on the stage with mike. He was wearing a white casual shirt with blue denim looking handsome as ever. She too noticed him on the stage and like all others she was confused what was happening.

He spoke making all others go silent “Hey guys,  Sorry for the disturbance I just want to take a minute I have an announcement to make please.” And with this all the lights went off except for the two spot lights one on him and the other on her. She was bewildered but before she could think anything he spoke “I know we haven’t talk in the past two months or 64 days 18 hours and 27 minutes to be exact. But trust me that with each minute that passed I have missed you more and more. Initially I thought it was because you were my best friend. But then I realised it wasn’t because you are best friend, don’t get my wrong I realised that you are more than best friend you are the girl I want to be with for the rest of my life. I can’t even think how I would live without you. I know I screwed up badly and I should have come to you the moment I realised it. But I was scared of rejection.

Today also I am scared of rejection but I am more scared of what would happen  if I didn’t even try. I know I am not perfect but we together will the best. I would have proposed for marriage itself but it you might runaway so I don’t want to take any chances and today in front of every one I want to ask” By this time he had reached near her and had knelt down ans said ” I LOVE YOU TRULY, MADLY AND DEEPLY. WILL YOU BE MINE?”

The crowd started cheering and shouting her to say yes. Tears of happiness ran through her eyes. She couldn’t believe this was happening. She was so over whelmed that she couldn’t say anything she just smiled and nodded her head. He was over joyed. He was 90% sure that she won’t deny but getting a yes from her was more than he could ever wish for. He immediately stood up and hugged her tightly. The crowd clapped and cheered them. Slow romantic music started playing and each couple started dancing lost in their own world. But nothing compared the smile and happiness they had. She rested her head on her chest still engulfed in his arms and said

“I LOVE YOU.”

He said what he should have a long long time before “I LOVE YOU MORE.”

With this, the clock struck mid night and with new year began a new but never ending love story.

–END–

