Love Short Story at Social Network and Internet- IT NEVER FADES

Photo credit: 

 from 

One of the famous social networks made them know each other.Initially, it started with a usual ‘hi’. He gave his intro to her and she too told about her with little hesitation. She came to know that they both did their schooling in same school.After few minutes of chatting he asked her phone number. she gave her contact no. They started to converse through texts. he liked her way of expressing things. she was a girl who admired every little thing. It appeared as if they had known each other for ages.

She said about her family,the trips she went, the competitions she participated, the actors and the films in her favorite list.. He too said about his family and his great love for his dad and brother.Both were in final year of engineering.Both texted each other from morning to evening. She started to spend less time with her friends.He started liking her after he spoke to her over phone for first time. This happened one night. He was little shy to talk. But she spoke with him well while he just answered her questions.

He:hello..

She:hello..

She:Wat doin??

He:Going in train from hometown to Chennai…

She:ok ok..Had ur dinner??

He:ya ya..U din skip ur dinner na?

She:no no..After ur advice,I am not skipping..

He:that’s good..And my balance is low..If the call gets disconnected suddenly don’t mistake me..

She:ok ok..Then shall I call u ??

He:ok,sure..

(call gets disconnected and she calls him)

She:Then wat u did in home??

He:I went to movie with brother last night…As I hav fear for ghosts and dark nights,I got frightened after watching horror movie..Brother was driving the car as I was shivering a little bit..

She(chuckled);ha..ha..really u r a kid!!i really love watching horror movies…that too in night times,I love that thrilling effects…

He:ok ok,let’s change the topic…

She:then wat type of movies u like??

He:I like movies with action plot and romantic movies…

She:oh,I also enjoy watching romantic films..

He:then shall I text u,as signal is getting weak I cant hear ur voice clearly..

She:ok,then take care!!

After few minutes,her mobile beeped with one new text message..He sent”ur voice was so cute and after hearing ur voice it urged me to see ur picture..Can u send me??”

when he asked she hesitated and after few days she sent her picture and he too sent his picture.

She was wearing an orange salwar suit which suited her a lot..She was smirking in that pic and her eyes were so attractive.She was sitting on green grassland and it made that pic so fabulous…and to say about him..”he was dark and was wearing a checked shirt and giving a heroic pose near his car.he was grinning a little bit”..after seeing the pic she texted”U were looking good” and he replied ”thanks,you were looking cute and i felt like kissing you,when I saw your picture. I was seeing your eyes for minutes together. I am sorry if I have said anything wrong “.

She felt that her heart was beating so fast. She became angry and she didn’t talk to him that night.It made him to worry and he sent many texts saying sorry. She accepted his sorry and their relationship went smooth. Once she saw a bad post in his profile .He was tagged in his friend’s post.The post had few words stating that”The days we watched bad films were really fun-filled.Hope we could watch it again”It made her to feel sad and she cried whole night and she didn’t talk to him. This made him to get hurt and he was pleading her to tell the reason.She finally told the reason.

He gave a brief reason stating that”it was done in my initial days of my college.At that time I was not matured enough.Now I wont do like this.Believe me” and convinced her..The next day was her birthday and he called at 12 and wished her and also sent many texts wishing her. He suddenly asked her whether he was close to her. She replied,” yes you are ..You are one whom I should never lose.” This made him to feel happy. His brother saw this text as he left the mobile in his room due to the morning rush to college. He questioned him about this. But he said, ”she is my school friend”. But his brother started teasing him. He conveyed this incident to her. There was a smile on her face but she didn’t express her happiness through text.

He was too possessive over her. He did not even like her friends talking to her. She was so caring towards him and this made him to think that’ she was his own possession’.He was not able to concentrate in his studies and he too started to spend less time with his pals.

One fine day he confessed his love. He said, “I will be happy if this relationship ends in marriage. I want to take care of you like a princess.” But there was no reply. She too loved him but the thought of her family and surrounding situation forbade her saying a yes. He was waiting for her reply for many days. She hurt him a lot with her silence as she didn’t want him to pay the consequences of her yes.

She said ‘I was talking to you just like time -pass.So I can’t love you ‘. But he refused to accept that and he continued to text and call as usual. She cried every night. After one year both of them started working. She was not able to forget him ,so she texted him. But there was no reply. She called him too. But there was no response. The diary on her table had this words ‘he is one whom I loved. His care made me smile all through the day.. His worries about my little struggles and pain made me realize I am his real possession.”

She realized she can no longer have the pleasure of waiting for his text. When he confessed his love she was little nervous but, her heart is bumping. He stopped talking to her because of her mistakes. She missed him a lot. The texts and the calls she made were many but, no response. The sure thing she knew was that he loves her truly. Hope true love never fades. In the midst of lonely hours,she thought,”God won’t forgive me till death.With tears in my eyes, I miss him being around.”

__END__

