Romantic Short Story – Her lucky charm

Photo credit: 

 from 

The empty stage was waiting for its next performance. The crowd was anxiously glaring at it.

The girl standing at the corner had her eyelids shut tightly, while her lips murmured prayers continuously. She stood still, nervousness visible clearly on her expressions.

Those 3 minutes she had been longing for her dance partner to arrive. It was then she heard the loud cheer of the crowd.

Amrita opened her eyes to see him standing in front of her. His eyes looking straight into hers, raising her heart beat a little more, with his intense gaze.

The intensity rose up as they began to come closer, to start their performance. She paced towards him, matching her steps to the music in the background. It seemed to be soothing to her.

He came up to stand behind her, as he took hold of her waist to dance together. Their coordination, their moves went on perfectly.

His touches’ getting on her nerves slowly as his charm was affecting her. He twisted to bring her to face him directly. She smiled shyly even while she took her turns rolling around him.

He pulled her close, her breathing stopped, whilst he picked her up. Their every motion synchronizing with each other couldn’t stop mesmerizing the audience.

He bent down offering his hand to hold hers. Their eyes met as she gave hers to entangle in his.

The stage was completely heated up with their fascinating awesome chemistry.

She started to lose her senses, feeling his warmth. His presence was creating an utmost burning sensation which made her go blank. Unknowingly, she fell into his arms.

Everyone was shocked and everything seemed to halt.

His palms moved to touch her velvety cheeks protectively. The music was still playing in the background. He recalled their moments. He remembered her promise of her forever belief on him. She believed him to be lucky for her.

He neared to peck softly on her forehead. He was aware of the fact; it would bring her back to him. It would fix everything and set the situation right.

Her eyes opened. She couldn’t decide, it was out of tiredness after dance, or for his closeness, but she felt weak on her knees. He smiled and took her into a hug. She tried to settle inhaling his musky aroma.

The auditorium was filled with loud voices of claps. The music had come to an end, but their hearts still sang the song of their beats, together.

“You shouldn’t have waited. I told you, I won’t come.” He whispered. Her eyes twinkled with the shine of happiness as she laughed a bit.

They moved aside, filling in the gap between them. The curtains went down, separating them from view of the audience.

“I knew you would come. You had to keep up with my promise. “She proclaimed confidently.

He smirked.

She turned to leave, while hoping he would stop her.

“So, you agree on that, I have my charm on you apart from being lucky for you.” he spoke aloud.

She watched him pass by, slightly winking at her. She stopped. She blushed. Indeed Raj, the guy in her life, with whom she just shared this stage, was her lucky charm.

