Sweet Love Short Story – Made for each other

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I think I should leave.”

“Why? What happened to you suddenly?”

“Nothing…I just feel like my head might explode, my heart might burst out if I won’t leave right now!!”

He held her hand and said, “Please tell me…”

And she burst out crying. It was their first meeting. They have been talking to each other online and over the phone since just past few months but, always felt a deep connection as if they knew each other since ages. Had the same choices; be it movies, music, books, food, philosophy of life, psychology, relationships…just everything. They were like mirror image of each other and yet were distinct. He respected her for being ambitious, responsible and for being a beautiful soul. She respected and adored his immense talent, innocence and pure heart.

What they felt for one another was far beyond love since day one and yet, they never disclosed their feelings. It was not the fear of losing this sweet relationship they had. But, it was their self built fear of being imperfect for each other that stopped them to express what they felt so deeply. They never said anything directly. They would slide their feelings indirectly in between their casual conversations hoping for the other to simply notice it, accept it, keep it safely in their heart and not discuss about it till they meet. It was an unspoken deal between them, more like a silent love story.

They first met face to face at a book exhibition which they were looking up to since many weeks now. After the exhibition they decided to take a walk on the beach as both loved it, while watching the sunset. They started talking as usual; secretly admiring each other and treasuring every moment that was being spent together. He was getting mesmerised by her aura while she was getting charmed by his vibes. She so wanted to speak her heart out but, ended up crying instead.

He wanted to hug her and calm her down but, just held her hand quietly till her sobbing settled. “Is everything okay?” he asked. She nodded while wiping her tears. He was still holding her hand. He couldn’t stop himself from trying to read her eyes but, all she did, was keep her teary eyes down so that he wouldn’t see them. The silence in those moments was louder than the waves crashing on the shore. The sun was setting down. It was the most amazing spot to watch sunset but, all he could see were her tears.

She realised after a while that he had been holding her hand throughout. She looked to him and found him reading her. She was overwhelmed by his gesture and as she was about to confess her feelings, he wrapped his arms around her and she submissively kept her head on his shoulder. A lot was said by silence that day!

–THE END–

