Romantic Story – Be with me the whole day…

Photo credit: 

 from 

I made up my mind not to check his 

 and read his message anymore. My whole day had been ruined because of him. He had logged in, a while ago but he didn’t even feel a mere need of replying me back. This was the longest fight we have ever had. I picked up my cell to text him something rude so that at least he will call me to have an argument but, I put it back on the table. The thought was too childish.

It was nearly five in the morning. Working till late night had been our habit since college days. We used to be up and chat about all the unrelated topics on earth. I do not remember a single day when we had talked about love. It was never like lovebirds soaked in love syrup. It was always about evil demons loving to roast each other. And that was why we decided to be together because we loved to kill each other by ribbing at every point. The thought of our love and the fight combined together was making me a goner now. I checked in to whatsapp again to read our conversations. I did it always when we fought. I recalled that I went mad when he refused to accompany me to my friend’s house for a party because he had some important job to be done. Due to his refusal I had to call my friend and make up a false reason for not turning up.

‘Because I have some important arrangements to be done before I leave for US.’

‘It has always been about you and your work. You do not have any time for me, do you? Next month is my birthday and you will be leaving in a couple of days and what will I be doing? Waiting for you to make a call or say ‘its fine’ when you even forget to wish and fake that I am not mad at you even when I would be. Am I not important to you? Enough of all this drama and busy life of yours where there is no room for me.’

‘I hate long texts. I do not have time to read this and waste my energy.’

‘Ok fine. Read this… I WANT A BREAK-UP.’

Pushing all the thoughts aside I decided to go to bed. As soon as I got up from the couch my cell vibrated. It was a message from him. I quickly grabbed my cell and opened the text. My heart was thudding in my ears as I read the words ‘I m waiting in front of the house. Come downstairs as we need to talk.’

Well, sincerely I had expected to fight over a phone-call and not face to face. Why is he calling me outside when he can come inside easily? It was about six in the morning and I took a look in the mirror. Even though we were fighting, I always wanted to look good to him. I saw I had eye-boogers and my hair was a mess. I washed my face, used my mouth-wash and looked into the mirror. I applied mild lip balm to my lips to regain the pink tinge, moisturiser as it was winter and I did not by any chance want to expose my dry face to him. I used some hair gel and left my hair untied. I heard my phone ringing but ignoring it, I went to put on my woollen top and my trousers. I knew he would be taking me on a walk since it was our favourite. I put my scarf around my neck and slipped my feet in a pair of sneakers, not forgetting to grab his muffler from my wardrobe because I knew he would be without one which would get him cold. I checked my looks in the mirror for the last time when I received another call from him. I had the call taken and said that I was coming to which he told me to be fast, in a calm tone and I could tell by his tone that he was not mad anymore.

I locked the door and turned to look at him. I did not know how he managed to look so dashing always. He smiled at me giving no hint of the fight we had hours ago. I smiled back in my most pleasing way. I started walking towards him and he stretched out his hand to grab mine. He pulled me closer to himself and stared lovingly right into my eyes. I closed my eyes abruptly thinking what was with him today? He had never acted this romantic ever since we were together. I half opened my eyes just to check whether he was my man or somebody else.

“Come on! I won’t be kissing you here, in the middle of the street and you know that. I hate PDA”

Yes, he was my love. I opened my eyes. I loved his towering frame covering up my short frame. I barely reached his chin. I gave him a seductive smile looking into his warm eyes and moved to his side. We started walking, my hand still in his.

“So, where are we heading on to?” I broke the silence between us.

“Just walking”

“Just walking? To nowhere?”

“To anywhere”

I tried to free my hand from his but he held it tighter, interlocking his fingers with mine. I had to give in to his strength. His thumb started rubbing slowly over mine. He loosened his grip and blindly traced the faint lines of my palm giving me goosebumps. I quickly pulled my hand off his and looked to the other side trying to hide my mischievous smile.

“What? You don’t like it?” he questioned.

“Yes I do. But it is a kind of PDA, you know – holding hands in public places.”

“Come on. Don’t be cruel” he laughed

“I am just obeying you” I smirked. I loved teasing him.

We were moving to some place of scenic beauty which I had never explored before. I was not new to the city as it had been a year since I was transferred here and he had come here twice including this time to pay me a visit. He was engaged in researches of his subject with many projects running under his supervision for which he always had to travel country and abroad. He wanted to settle abroad as most of his projects were offered by United States, but thankfully the plan ought to take place a year later and by then I would be able to meet up the contract which was still left with six more months for me to work for the company. We barely had time to spend with each other so whenever he would be in my city and yet busy, not even rescheduling his work to see me, would make me feel unimportant, angry and worse which would turn into a fight. We understood each other’s situation and need but yet we failed to understand.

It was a cold and chilly morning. The sun was not up yet. We reached a tea stall. Morning tea was something that both of us loved. We had so many things common. Our relationship was special I believed, we believed. We loved like boyfriend and girlfriend, we understood each other as husband and wife, and also we fought like siblings.

 He brought two earthen cups of tea while I preferred to sit on a fallen log beside the stall to comfy myself.

 “Here, my Lady.” He offered me one cup.

“Thank you, my Lord” I replied with a warm smile.

He sat by my side sipping the tea. I waited for it to cool a bit as it was too hot for my lips. The cool breeze was playing with my locks swaying them to and fro and through the corner of my eyes, I could see him gazing at me as if he was enjoying it. I did not feel the cold unless I noticed the cup in my hand tremble. The sweater did not seem enough to keep me warm. I should have put on a coat, but I didn’t know that the walk would be a long one. I had thought that we would talk about the fight and be back to my house but, it was strange that we didn’t speak a word about it. The fight seemed to be over without any remains. Totally clean. He took the cup from me, kept it aside and shifted closer to me. He unbuttoned his overcoat, pulled out his arm from it and his eyes instructed me to get inside. I obeyed. It was warm inside, warmer because he was so close. He offered me my cup but instead I took his which he had already sipped to half.

“Why that one?” he shrugged his shouldered, laughing at me.

“Because I had a gut feeling that this cup would taste better” I winked at him, “and it does taste better” I said taking a sip from it.

He brought his head close to mine. His warm breath on my neck gave me a tingly feeling and I closed my eyes.

“I bet the tea doesn’t taste better than your cuteness” He whispered softly in my ears. His remark made me blush. I could feel my cheeks getting red as he gave me a lovely stare. He touched my nose with this forefinger and gave it a slight push. I immediately brought my eyeballs to look at my nose, pulled out my tongue and made a funny face which made him laugh like a kid. I loved his laughter.

“ So, what more to do now?” I quizzed him as soon as our tea was over.

“Just be with me the whole day.” He answered

“Are you serious?” my eyes widened, “the whole day? What about your work?” I was overwhelmed with joy. I felt so special.

“Everything else can wait.” He smiled seeing me so happy.

We walked to the bus stop. I did not ask any more questions because I loved to follow him. A day with him- the thought made me feel like I was on cloud nine. He was busy with his mobile either calling someone or texting. I was busy watching his actions and his expressions. The bus arrived and we got into it. We comforted ourselves on the seat and I covered myself with the other half of his overcoat again. My hand was on his lap and he was holding it giving it a soft squeeze.

“Now, tell me why were you mad at me yesterday?” he asked.

“Because you refused to attend the party.”

“But you knew that I had come here just yesterday and I was busy in a meeting. You knew it right? Look, you need to understand, I know it is difficult but we cannot help. Just few more days and we will be living together.” He said all these with a serious look to which my lips quivered and I could see him getting hazy which meant I had tears in my eyes. I didn’t want to let them fall from my eyes. I knew it could spoil his mood as he hated tears and he hated the cry version of me, it used to make him feel uneasy and weird. But, he was different today. He wiped my tears with his thumb and I buried my head in his shoulder. I could feel his hand on the back of my head, his fingers dipping in my hair and giving me a gentle massage while I sobbed. His other arm, encircling my waist inside the overcoat comforting me at its best.

“I love you” the words unconsciously came out of my mouth in whispers.

“I love you too, bidda” and he tightened his grip around my waist. I released a gasp and looked into his eyes. I loved the names he used to give to me. All funny names, bidda was one of them which had no other meaning than his love.

“ And what about break-up? Why did you ask that silly thing when you know we are married?” he laughed like a child making me laugh too.

“Because I had nothing worse than that in my mind. Because I wanted you to call me but you didn’t. Because I was tired of my loneliness. I am trapped in my work. I want to be with you, be with our parents, our family and not all alone like I have been living. If ever I had known that they would have me transferred away from my home, I wouldn’t have taken the job.” I was angry.

“Bhaiya, kahan jana hai?” the bus conductor interrupted our conversation.

He gave him the exact fare and said “Santiniketan”

My eyes widened. It was our graduation place where we met for the first time and the love cupid attacked us. Since then we were together. “Wow. You really surprised me” I said with excitement.

“Hmm.. just wanted to relive our sweet memories again” he said trying to tuck my locks behind my ears as they were covering my eyes due to the wind and not allowing him to have a full view of my face.

After a long journey, we reached our destination and got down from the bus. He moved a few steps ahead of me, turned back to me and stretched his arm. “What about your PDA rules?” I chuckled. “Sometimes I feel like rebuilding my rules” he grinned. “Ok. Then..” I held his hand and rolled myself against his arm and arched my back as soon as I halted, his eyes fixed on me clearly telling how happy he was to be with me. He pulled me back to my normal position not leaving my hand, this time holding my finger and making me twirl around him. I laughed out of joy. I never knew he was so romantic. He stopped me and kissed me on my forehead and we started walking to catch a toto vehicle to tour around the city.

“You are so cheerful, childish and full of excitement. Even a small thing can excite you…”

“…and that is what you love in me. Isn’t it?” I said cutting him the middle of his sentence.

He nodded in admittance.

He told the driver to take us to an address which was unknown to me. I didn’t ask him any questions because I loved surprises. Maybe it was a new restaurant where we would have our lunch or maybe he wanted me to meet his friends here.

We stopped in front of a very beautiful house after he gave instructions to the driver about the directions. The house had awesome outer appearance. It did not seem to be a very big house but it had everything that I would wish my house to have. “Whose house is this?” I enquired.

“My friend’s. I told him I would be coming so he gave me the keys. He works with me and that is why you don’t know him.” He said unlocking the door. And when the door opened, my jaws dropped looking at its interior decorations. I went inside leaving him behind at the door. Every tiny design caught my attention. I touched the walls, the paintings on the wall, the wind chime and my little heart danced to its music. I heard the door close.

“You like it?” he mumbled. I turned around, moved closer to him, held his hand and nodded in awe.

“I love it. I want something like this for our house. The same decoration. Everything is my favourite here.” He was smiling all the way when I spoke the words. “So, why don’t you explore the whole house? I’m sure you will love the bedroom design.”

“Sure”, I said as I opened the door to the bedroom. The room was beautiful with our wedding pictures on the walls. Wait. Our wedding pictures? I turned to the shelves, it had beautiful photo frames with pictures of our first date, first movie and there was a signboard with our names written in a formal font on it. My joy knew no bounds. I turned around just to collide with his towering frame and get wrapped up in his arms. I screamed in joy.

“It’s our house. Our home sweet home.” I shouted in excitement.

“And your birthday gift in which I was busy these days. There were no meetings and no official work.” He laughed in happiness and gave me a gentle peck on my cheek.

I stood up on my tip toes and placed a warm kiss on his lips and rubbed my thumb gently against his soft lips. He released me from his arms and started taking forward steps. With every forward step of his I took a backward until I realised I fell on the bed behind me.

“W-what?” I stuttered not taking my eyes off him.

“A day with me. I told you.” he replied in a husky voice and gave me a gentle shove on the bed. He was now on top of me. I could feel the heat in the air. He brought his mouth to my neck, nibbled on my earlobe and I could not resist the moan. He left a trail of kisses on my neck. I gasped. My body quivered with the pleasure he was giving me. He slowly reached my lips where mine met with his. His fingers ran up and down my back while his tongue played with mine. It was the most sensual kiss we ever had. It told me how much he had missed me. My eyes were closed as I was busy feeling his love but my mind was smiling at the thought that I had the whole day with him.

–END–

