Teen Love Story – THREE RUPEES LOVE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Newspaper!!

 The only word that always i used to utter in early morning . It was hard for me to earn pocket money ,i may use the word to earn money but the salary which i used to get from selling this newspaper is same as pocket money of a middle class family boy . I was selling newspaper not because that I am very poor guy or i don’t have anyone ,its just because i hated the word “if you would ever understand the value of one rupees “. I hated to read newspaper ,and more to see someone read it and try to show if they would be in the place of PRIME MINSTER they would have been change the future with their IDEA .

Well the place were i got to drop the news paper early morning is named as ‘SANKSHEP COLONY, BLOCK 21’ Block 21 consist of 15 houses and my job is to drop newspaper to 14 houses . Every day in morning holding the bag with my latest detachable highly power cylinder with anger resistance Bicycle i drop newspaper to each of the house, but something changed ,after i got the order to deliver the English newspaper to 15th house too .

It was about to start of rainy seasonin that month and as usual i took my bicycle and ready to drop the paper in colony one funny thing about me was i used to throw newspaper like bullet and in such corner of house were it is hard to find . it was 9th day for me to throw the newspaper to that 15th duplex. the most weird thing about that house was that a mid age man who always there seating and waiting for me to give him newspaper and tell me the headline . it was like my girlfriend to wait for me to argue with me .i hated to stand there for him to read the most irritating headlines of newspaper for me and the he smiled like i holding the rose for him .

I hated to drop the newspaper to that duplex but it was my job . on 10th day it was Sunday and i was on my way to job and thinking how to tackle that oldie girlfriend, but something different happened, i was just about to throw the newspaper and turn my bicycle fast but what i saw is there was no oldie there and i was happy and i shouted newspaper and as i was throwing the newspaper the door suddenly opened and i was like soldier ready to kill him , and i stumbled as i saw a cute personality with long hair tied with comb in her nightdress came out and saw my face she was a bit angry and i too was in angry mood but who knows it will disappear she came near to me like tough WWE fighter and asking me to give the title belt, i handed over the newspaper and asked her “Where is that old man ??”

she replied ” sleeping ,anything else ??” and i was like “should I say it now”, and I said by looking at newspaper “no!” ,and i went off.

That night was like 31st December for me and next day i was ready ,like in morning i am going for a night party ,i was feeling like i am on bike and petrol tank is all full. By throwing newspaper I finally reached there, and guess what it was again that oldie and i said “damn!!”

the oldie came and said me ” is it your birthday ?”

and i was like meme face ” no ” and inside i was like ” can i kill you,for sake of humanity ” and he started to tell me the news and i was ready to kill him ,and suddenly the someone called the oldie and i was relax, but oldie said me ” wait i am coming don’t go ” damn i was pissed off this time and as soon as he went in i turned my bicycle and ready to leave and wow! the soft voice which can literally make a coma person wake up to his conscious state , she said “wait bhaiya” and i was really this time saying what the **** ,she came near me and smiled and said me ” grandpa said me to read the headline for you ” and i said no need i can read it .

she was looking at me like i am alien or something and suddenly the another voice came out ” Tripti ,how much time should i wait ?” and that time i asked her who he is ,she said its my bro and i laughed at her , she got angry and asked me “Is something funny there” and i said “no not at all ” and she turned back and i asked her ” my headline ” and she said in angry no need do your job .and i was like the happiest person of world.

Next day as soon as i came she was there standing i stopped my bike like film action style and and smiling at her but she was upset and i said ” may i ask you what happen ”

and she said ” what you will do if i tell you ”

and i said “i will be editing it to next day headline ” .

she said in low voice ” its not funny ” and said me that yesterday she had a an argue with her parent on phone over night ,and added that they don’t ever try to understand her .

i replayed by laughing that ” emotions are pure business of relationship ”

she was staring at my reply and asked me the name ”

i said “its Ragh ‘ and i said try to read newspaper cause its the best meditation tool for today’s people, you can read the newspaper and laugh at others problem and get some relaxation ” .

and she smiled and asked me do i read it and i said no never i hate it ,and she said me “are you mad it has tons of knowledge in it you should read it ”

and i said ” i hate it cause its waste of time ” and she said okk and said bye and i went out from there .

After that her grandpa again started his love on me and i was happy to see him again cause it gives me time to see her but it was always not possible after that one day i gave the newspaper and oldie said me to wait and he went to bring his spec and i waited there after 15 min of waiting it was late for me but i waited there to see her and oldie came suddenly and said me this newspaper is not good its used one and i said how can it be possible but oldie was like on fire and he said me i don’t want to argue give me the anther one and i took the anther newspaper and gave him and put that news paper in bag and i indirectly asked him about her ” sir,were are the guest ??”

and he said why you want to know and i said nothing and went off. i was worry about were she gone and then some thing strange happen continue three days to me oldie rejected the news paper and i was like what the hell is wrong with the news paper at that day i took out all the three newspaper and saw it there were scratches on page number nine page number four and page number eight and i saw this same with all three newspaper with random page number i was confused but as i was hating the newspaper i left it on desk and was studding .

next day i was again on my way and reached my only hope destination which now became the hopeless. one and i saw the newspaper this time clearly and there were no mistake and i called ” newspaper” and ready to give the oldie fresh newspaper but the twist again happened it was again tripti there ,looking stunning again with that white dress she came and took the newspaper i was just speechless i wanted to ask her but i was simple newspaper boy i don’t have authenticity to ask her this question she just looked the newspaper and said me ” so you manged it ” and smiled

i said yes its clean now you can see and she looked at my eyes and said ” good, actually i was busy in my studies so i was not able to read the newspaper not even had a look over it.”

and i said “yeah ” and said to myself thank god

she replayed it without asking she smiled at me like something was there and turned back . i was looking at her and i remembered something and called her ” mam ” and she turned and said me” Do I look like mam my name is there Tripti okk”.

and i said “sorry Tripti ,actually sir yesterday said me he will pay the money of newspaper so..” she interrupted me and said me to wait and she went into the house and after sometime brought the money and gave it to me ,i took it from her hand and started to count it she said its “one lack twenty three thousand four hundred and fifty ”

and i looked at her like she was making fun of me and i said ” tripti ,its easy to say such big amount but hard to earn today ”

she smiled and replayed ” hmm yeah ok ”

i said “ok its right amount ,thanks !”

she said ” bye tc”.

that last word was so soft that melt my anger and i smiled and left . i was happy and came back to my room and at that night my friend was with me on room and i was just in her thought and my friend said ” she is bi**h ”

i suddenly looked at him and he was looking at voucher, i laughed and said what happen he said ” that women gave me the voucher and it got wet in rain damn!! ”

and i laughed and said why this mobile company used to give such a big digit number for recharging the nine digit number. and i was stopped for the moment and shocked and in a moment her saying hit me on my mind and i realized it that how come she knows that oldie refused the three newspaper if she haven’t even looked at the newspaper . my friend interrupted me and said “what happen Ragh?”

and i said wait she said me did you figured it out and i said yes but the thing is the question was different and i answered the question about the fault of the paper .and i quickly ran towards the desk and in drawer i picked up the newspaper and looked at them on the page number and the pattern of the mark i spread all the newspaper on the desk and looked them closely and smiled and i said ” wow ! cool !”

and my friend was scared cause he knows that i hated newspaper . now the question was for me how to get the number and again after sometime my friend again uttered ” why you do this job man it doesn’t even provide you good money and people makes fun of you ”

and again i got the hint of the money amount she said to me and i laughed again and shouted ” bingo! ” and kissed my friend cheek it was wired and awkward for both of us .

i run the number on cell phone of my friend and after long time the voice came ” hello ” and i was like in heaven i was completely nervous like girl and replayed “hello ” and she asked me who are you i said ” Newspaper ” and she laughed .

it was first time for me to have conversation to such beautiful rich girl who doesn’t care about status and money . that night we talked less as she suggested me to call me from my mobile and i said okk i will next time and ended the call. it was something incredible experience for me. but also one question came to mind that i don’t have mobile phone i was worried about how to buy mobile and next morning i came there the oldie was there and i was in no mood to hear him i was just about to leave by giving him the paper but from behind Tripti came and stood beside her grandpa and we both smiled at each other and she said grandpa why you always make him stand and listen to the headline .

grandpa said ” because he threw newspaper and give trouble to our neighbor so i always make him stand and listen to newspaper so he should have some respect towards the newspaper”

she laughed and i was like burning there who the hell told this oldie .then grandpa said okk you both listen to the news i was not into the mood of that but have to listen cause she was there and she said to his grandpa ” dadu we should give him another lesson so he will better respect the knowledge ”

grandpa said tell me how

she said ” give him the old news paper and everyday ask him about it what he read from it ”

i was saying in mind ” are you trying to say that i don’t respect knowledge or you are trying to play with me like small boy like i am armature guy ”

but i was nothing to say and grandpa said yes this is great idea and told her to give me the yesterday news paper and he went and i said her ” i will never read newspaper .”

she smiled and replayed me ” okk we will see and gave me the news paper ” .

i came home and at that night i studied and was off to my bed to sleep but i was thinking about what to do next morning and also worried about the mobile i took the yesterday newspaper and started to read headlines only then i suddenly notice that on some of word inside the few news para were underline it was only a word and no sentence and looked it carefully all the newspaper and it was so small dash that i was not able to look at them in one glance and the news were so specific and i started to read them and arranged the words and wow all the words from different headline were making the sentence and it was written something like on after evaluating the all seven news para

” Love is priceless but comes in everyone’s pocket ”

i was first time happy to read the newspaper and after that next morning when i reached she was having the conversation with her grandpa. i came at the gate grandpa came and i told him the news headline and she was smiling from behind and i said grandpa ” sir can i read the headline for you of today’s newspaper ?”

grandpa was shocked and asked me ” are you the same boy?”

i smiled and replayed “yes sir so here is the news ” People are worried about he increasing price of the gadgets like mobile and other gadgets ” and i said sir the next head line is ” university had decided to pay more attention on there syllabus so students should get latest topics in there syllabus and should have more respect towards the knowledge ” and grandpa was like brat is becoming good now and tripti smiled at my saying cause she got the point .

after that grandpa said today’s generation are only busy in love and i said “Sir yes they are very busy in breakup and makeup that they will not understand the beauty of three rupees love ”

i stared at tripti she was smiling and grandpa was saying ” yes but what is three ?”

i gave the newspaper and left .after that i manged to take mobile and also started to read newspaper with her message encoded in it .

__END__

