Romantic Story – My Second Love (continues)

Photo credit: 

 from 

We had been together for more than a couple of months now, even more may be and I was thinking that our relation was taking its own predestined course. We were not trying to do something different as such. I was just doing whatever I could, to make her happy. At least that is what I thought. Office hours with her were bright and colour-ful as we were trying to have a good relation in our own ways and limits. Till then we did not feel like touching each other or being cozy or even holding hands and a small peck. But the urge was building up for both of us humanly to prove our feelings for each other.

At that time I knew she was in a long distance relation with another guy and it was well over 3 years now. She was also very loyal to him in all respects and trying to please her boyfriend in every other way. Happy or not, it seems that she was a good relation as I could make out from the little what she had shared with me about him. It was once when we were out in a mall, I think it was early January, her birthday month. She had been out with me and also accompanied by a common friend. This was the first time when she had told me about her affair with a guy who was working abroad.

I always had the strong belief that being in a relation the necessity to touch in a romantic way like a passionate hug, a kiss and a candle-lit dinner’s followed by a cozy stroll on a moon lit beach is every couples dream, even sometimes when she is upset , the gentle sorry with a kiss can seal many differences. That’s why I believe that closeness has many a advantage in a relation, making it stronger and one can discuss any issues in those cosy moments. Everyone needs love, caring and attention. More words have been said by all that life and relation takes its course, but efforts needs to be put in to make it better and better.

This event which I will tell you was the turning point for us, the day when she asked me that she would be taking a leave for 2 days. I needed details, and it was for meeting her boyfriend in another state 1000 km away. She had not met her for many a months, but the planning was in her mind that she was wanting to see him after a long long time. The flight was to take off early in the morning one and she had to leave home in the wee hours without anyone knowing. Her plan was to travel a thousand kilometers, which I admired the attraction that she had. I wished someone like her would be in my life. I was envious for a moment but then as being a perfect gentlemen, offered my assistance in whatever way to help her.

What made me happy was to see her happy. Just as the feeling at that time, was as simple as a sweet colleague relation , had changed until it was 0530 hrs as I picked her from her home to take her to the airport, the smell of freshness could be felt as my car was filled with her body fragrance. Her beauty was stunning as I realized that it was more than which we both were living for and we did not know until she gave my first thankful kiss on my cheeks. The touch of her soft lips was the best tip any driver would get. The journey had begun for us.

 

She had come back with a broken heart. Her relation had been shattered and she was weak. She had come to office after the leave. It was not a busy day but we were doing our routine work. In the evening i offered her a lift to drop her home. We drove pass an isolated industrial area, as the rainy clouds had bursted emotions of thoughts in our minds which I was exploring how beautiful she would be, as I was glimpsing her lips, her hair, her eyes sitting beside me, more I felt so lucky a sexy, beautiful girl had agreed for that intimate moment. The thought was so great moment that we were waiting for when I would be touching her softly, kissing her sweetly and heighten the urges of our desires to fulfill the need to make love for the first time gazing at her during the entire drive, watching her slowly rock back and forth in her jeans with her shirt perfectly paired and looking so sexy.

She looked so tempting, with her flowing but trimmed hair, making her look not only intelligent but gave her a hint of being a professional and that I loved. She was average height but simply superb. I had seen those so many times in her tight dresses when she used to talk. I glanced up to her in between our discussions with her, and when she saw me looking at her, she gave me that sexy look. Knowing that I was looking at her she smiled at my glance, i smiled back and looked at her to admire her sweet and fair face with her pronounced eyes neatly lined with kajal up to her dark trimmed hair. She was very attractive in a different way, she looked so beautiful and provoking just like a freshly bloomed flower waiting to be plucked and admired for the beauty and fragrance. My gaze travelled down her body taking in her in my eyes. She had a nice curved hips and her waist given her tall stature.

I had waited patiently for her to finish her packing, glancing around the room, i watched most of my co-workers leaving for the day and it looked as though it was just the two of us left in the room. She came close to me as we quietly strolled towards my car and drove. I parked my car in a dark side of the road as we flirted and caressed each other lightly and she flirted with me in my car during the ride to our respective homes. I had felt naughty.

She slowly lifted herself up off the seat and both from us woke up to the beauty of that romantic evening . I laid back for a moment savoring the after effects, catching my breath finally. “Wow, that was hot,” i exclaimed breathing out with each word, as I could feel her scent. “We better head out before someone comes in here,” I said with a giggle. We stepped out of the car to get some cool air, realizing how wild and hot encounter this was.

###

