Romantic Short Story – The ‘Bald’ Love Story

Sweet Short Story – The ‘Bald’ Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Yes that one! I want that….that red rose. How much is it?” asked Laksh.

Laksh was 20 year old who looked more like 30 thanks to the early balding phenomenon he had inherited from his uncles on both the sides. He was doing B.Sc Computer Science from the most prestigious university that made into the top university list according to the surveys conducted by different leading magazines of the country every year.

“15 Rupees, Sir. Do you want anything else ?” asked the florist giving a 

look .

Laksh was buying a rose for the nth time but never dared to give it to his Juliet (at least he thought her to be his). Walking straight to the bus stop which looked already packed like sardines he made way into the bus shelter to see his sweet heart Raksha.

Raksha was a 19 year old average normal girl who did not look much geeky but scored okay in her examinations and was fine to be a girl friend. With the 15 bucks rose in his hands Laksh made his way to Raksha. As usual he saw her listening to songs from her iPod and glancing at every random guy and girl passing by.

As he managed to go near Raksha he saw a portly man going toward the coming bus and he accidently knocked Laksh and before he could react the jelly belly man walked over the 15 bucks rose.

“Hmm… there goes my rose again” down in dumps Laksh made his way to the vacant seat next to Raksha.

“Hi Laksh you don’t look cheerful toady what’s up?” questioned Raksha.

“ Hi Raksha, nothing much it’s just that I don’t want to go to college today” said Laksh trying to sound normal.

“ Then let’s go to a movie today you know there is a new one releasing today I really want to see it let’s go then” Raksha said eagerly.

He heard some violins play at the back ground as they happen in films but actually some guy was playing it in the violin institute beside the bus stop “Okay then let’s go” Laksh said trying to move through the packed bus stop.

“Triva Cine Complex 30 Rupees”

Laksh and Raksha got into the auto before the autowaala could say anything. As the auto started Raksha began her talk

“So what’s up? , prepared to face the campuses? I am really scared. You know I had taken a supplementary exam in the first year do you think that will affect the my chances of being selected?, I am really scare Laksh and why do you put on a cap whenever you travel you know it’s bad for your hair you better avoid it see it already has some damage on your hair dude. So take it out.”

Seeing that her topic changed to his hair Laksh changed the topic “Ahh! Rakha what was your new year resolution?”

“Mine… Ohh atleast you asked well……….” she began her non ending talk everybody used to get enough of Rakha’s talk but it wasn’t the one who would get effected by her talked he liked everything Rakha spoke and did he liked the way she dressed he liked the way she blushed he liked everything. A big screech made him get distracted and he saw the big name board ‘TRIVA CINE COMPLEX’ they got down and as Laksh paid the autowaala he saw Rakha heading towards the big poster of the hero of the film she was his biggest fan he knew that. He went to the ticket counter and brought two tickets and cheese pop corn she liked.

“ You bought cheese popcorn? How do you know I like them?” asked Rakha amazed

“ You are the only girl I know who likes cheese popcorn” replied Laksh with a wink.

“Hmm… you are not that bad dude you know that..?” said Raksha taking the popcorn from him. They moved to their respective seats waiting to be occupied.

The lights went off and the trailers began to start Laksh lost all the interest he had on the film and he started observing Raksha.  Raksha who was aware about her surrounding tried to concentrate on the film but she could not all she thought was only about Laksh

she tought.

As soon as she thought this she heard the hero of the film say “Every man get bald some time in his life” to the heroine.

‘

 she thanked the hero in her head. It was the interval and Laksh was going out to buy a coke and some potato chips for her as he was getting up

“Laksh donot keep this cap it will damage your hair a lot”, Laksh hated when she spoke about his hair.

“Ya sure.” And he kept the cap in his seat and disappeared into the crowd rushing for the popcorn.

‘

  he thought. After the interval the movie started and Laksh was again staring at Raksha and Raksha was seeing him from the corner of her eye.

‘

she thought. After, the film ended it was lunch time and they both headed towards a subway point.

“Two veggie sandwiches and do make it fast please” she ordered she knew that Laksh was a vegetarian.

“Thanks! How do you know that I am a vegetarian?” he asked.

“You’re the only guy I know who is a vegetarian” she winked at him.

“You are incredible Raksha” he said with a big smile and the next hour went on some casual talk about college and the campus recruitments which would start soon in their college. He paid the bill and they got up to leave the restaurant as they went outside to move to their next destination Laksh said “I will be back in a minute. Get, an auto ready by then I will come” he headed towards the direction of a mall.

‘

 She thought and headed towards the auto stand. He came back as he promised and the auto went towards the Public Library.

“Where did you go Laksha?” questioned Raksha. He just gave a quick smile.

After an 15 minute drive they both got down before the public library literally deserted except a sleeping librarian in his sweet 60’s. They both headed towards the fiction section and in no time they were inside lost in the racks of books untouched for years. Suddenly, Laksh caught Raksha’s hand,

“Raksha I am allured towards you. Your eyes have a magnet which attracts me always. I do not know if this is infatuation but I do know that this has to be love. Raksha do you love me with and without this cap on?” he said without a breath.

her eye’s glittered. Her eye’s had become moist and she took a long breath. All this happening did have some effect on Laksh he thought if he had said something wrong or maybe it was a big mistake proposing her or was it because he was balding at a very fast rate may be she thought he was ugly. All these thoughts made him woebegone.

Suddenly at a fraction of a second,

“Yes dude! I love you too and I will take you with you stupid cap forever.” She said mirthfully looking into his eyes.

__END__

