Romantic Short Story – My Second Love

The First Hand Shake

It was destined to happen, destiny beholds the secrets of life as it unfolds before us. We have many secrets in life and in the attempt to hold them close to our heart, wishing all the desires be fulfilled.

She walked towards me accompanied by a colleague from our HR department, to be introduced as a part of the induction program for her. I was the last one as my cubicle was at the far end of the corridor. She had been introduced to all personnel as a new joinée, everyone taking the act as a formality. Now it was my turn to face her, I got up from my seat as to give respect and to acknowledge how pretty she was. She was standing in front of me in silence and subdued.

Her eyes were so beautiful nicely outlined with kajal to make them look even prettier. The HR personnel started the introduction process, but my senses were lost, it happens sometime that words are only heard not listened, maybe because we don’t have the intention to know the meaning of the same. That was my condition when she was standing feet or two away from me.

She was so pretty that I could not really ignore her. She had that element of attraction in her body which was making me lose myself to her into the first touch of a firm handshake. So soft and cold were her hands as it had also come to her by surprise.

 

The Parking Place

I still remember how my heart had pounded with joy, the day when she said Yes and agreed to spend some time alone with me. She had only given me an hour extra but that too was so precious for me. By the day, I was regularly offering her ride in my car to our office and back. She was happy with me and enjoying the pickup and drop home. It had made her life easy.

It is said that luck favor those who help themselves. By then my fair lady was with me every day, morning and evening. We had always maintained a good distance in our relation as we both knew our limits. So nice and sweet were the conversation between us that we found ourselves inseparable and so compatible.

And our relation which had began one day, so casual by offering a lift to the Factory and back home was destined to be so deep and strong. The innocence in her eyes, that I had been so attracted to, those pure eyes nicely outlined with a streak of Kajal, which showed the innocence of her heart.

I asked her that day if she could want to spend some time alone apart from the pickup and drop which had been going on for quite some time now. As our relation had been growing, each day wanting more and more of togetherness and to share the bonding of trust and respect. She also wanted the relation to have a new opening. Both of us had longed for the private and cosy moment to happen between us, only the sound of hearts needed to be felt and nothing else, not even the car engine ON.

It was 5 pm and we left office on our usual road. I steered my car to an unknown direction. The drive was evidently made short and ended in a parking lot of a mall. It was an open parking lot. The place was liked by both of us as the desire to be together was so strong that we did not want to lose any more minutes driving. We just needed the feeling to be together and away from the world and to be close. We wanted the most time to be shared with lots of romance and privacy.

I had asked her if she would be interested to watch a movie, but she rather decided to be in the front car seat reclined backward and relaxed just wanting to talk casual. The feeling was so beautiful, she was looking so pretty. Her hair nicely done and just falling over her shoulders. Her lips so nicely carved with a dash of pink. While she was doing all the talking I was just watching her lips and the beauty spot on her lips. How beautiful she looked as her eyes expressed so much for me. It was such a moment of purity of our souls were been bonded into a true friendship never to be broken.

–END–

