Love Short Story – Katherine

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I never thought that I could ever fall in love so quickly. When I first met her, I knew something would be different from all of the other girls that I have dated before. Her eyes were ice blue, more beautiful then I could ever imagine. She was on the dance floor, at my brother’s wedding. Her smile brought everyone to their feet, dancing the night away with the friends and strangers around them. I made my way from the bride to the maid of honor, and finally to her.

A song by Coldplay turned on, and she sang along with a big smile on her face. Song after song, we kept dancing with each other until our feet hurt. I had asked to get her a drink from the bar, and then we sat at a table and talked and laughed for hours. We stayed until a man came up and told us that he had to put the wedding chairs back into his truck. I had asked her if I could see her again, and she happily agreed to a date. Katherine was her name, the name of the girl who I would soon learn to love unconditionally.

We met for a picnic on our first date, at a little duck pond near the ranch that I live on. I made us sandwiches, and put out a blanket for us on the grass overlooking the pond. Then I took her on a romantic ride on a canoe, where we fed the ducks and told each other our life stories. We had shared everything there was to know about each other, from past loves to deepest secrets.

Our dates from there only got better; each one I fell deeper in love with her. She knew everything about me, as I did for her. I think I even knew more about her then she did herself. She would laugh at my jokes, listen to my stories; she would even love my flaws. I had never felt this was about a girl before.

We were the type of couple that understood each other, without having to say it. When I first told her the words “I love you”, we were camping up at my cabin just two hours up north. We had gotten back from water skiing all day, and set up sleeping bags next to a fire in the woods. As we were staring up at the stars, she was ranting about some girl in English class who called her ugly. I quickly interrupted her and told her, “I love you” and stared into those ice blue eyes just inches away from my face. She wasn’t shocked or surprised, so she smiled and laughed and said, “I know. I love you too.”

About two weeks after the camping trip, she came over to my house, mad because I had forgotten about our two year anniversary. She told me she didn’t want to see me anymore, and went back into her car sobbing and drove away. This was a silly fight, and I knew she didn’t mean it. I still in fact loved her, with all of my heart… so I went straight to her house and convinced her to come with me somewhere. I pulled up in my 2009 Jeep wrangler, and then took her to the pond near my house where we had our first date. True love is something that you know you’ll always hold onto, fighting for constantly for the rest of your life. I got down on one knee, and asked, “Katherine, will you marry me?” Her eyes were filled with tears, the happy ones, and she said yes.

She was so excited to plan the wedding; she was on her way home with a beautiful gown and stack of invitations in the back seat, eager to show me. You could tell that she has been dreaming about this day since she was a little girl. I was so excited to share the rest of my life with her, until the unimaginable happened…

On March 6th, 2016, Katherine Rose Elliot died, in a car accident involving a drunk driver. He crashed into her car, killing her instantly. When I had received the call from the police, my heart physically hurt; so did my eyes, and my body turned numb. As I walked onto the scene of the crime, my muscles tensed, as her car was smashed, on the side of the road. I saw the drunken man getting into the police car, and he was too drunk to say anything but “I-I’m so s-sorry”.

I never thought I would have to write a eulogy, for the single person I knew I would love for the rest of my life. Loving Katherine has been something unexplainable, and unforgettable. What this man did to her is unforgivable. My future wife was killed, and I have to live with that for the rest of my life. Katherine, I love you so much, and you will be dearly missed. I will never forget you.

Love,

 Daniel Green

###

