It seems to be the first day of my life. Full of emotions, which are covered by a heap of mixed thoughts, and untold to him. She talked to him for the first time since they met online 3 months ago. They decide to meet today in-person.

 They met for the first time with a tight  hug and a passionate kiss. Babu took Khushi to the room he booked for her.

 “Khushi, do you like your surprise? “She open her eyes with tears. It was a small room with dim lights and light music. There was a painting on the wall with a couple on the boat seeing sunset. It was amazing.

Love embrace them in its arms with a special feeling. Looking at her without blinking, makes her blush. Their heart’s were racing, gasping for breath. They slowly came closer and went into another world of love. “Hands in hands,  eyes in eyes, sun became moon, and stary was sky.”

Their first meeting was full of passionate love and craving more for each other.

She came back next morning, but left her heart with babu. Same was with babu. Her happiness was not ready to hide in her. Wanted to shout so loud “I am deeply madly badly dearly and deathly in love” but she was afraid of being departed.  Talking to babu, missing him and wanting him more just like any other couple in love.  There was nothing unusual,  but it was still special.

For next few days she tried to call him,  but every time it says “please check the number you are dialing”. She was so helpless and uneasy. Knowing nothing.  After a week babu called her and said-hey honey.  Can you please look at your back?

She turned  and went into tears.  Babu!!! What a pleasant surprise. How did you came here.

Babu- by bus. Hahaha.  Why,  was I suppose to come by foot.

Khushi smiled.  No, I mean you did not even told me.

Babu got down on his knees on road. Showed a bouquet of red roses any said- “Khushi, Will you accept me as your heart beat forever, because I want to stay alive in And with you.”

Khushi got numbed at that time and said nothing, but cried and hugged him tightly.

Since that day till “It still hurts..”, things were good. Love was in the air with lots of care.

PS- I STILL LOVE YOU.

–END–

