Short Romantic Story – SPELL BOUND

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘What on earth are you doing on a ladder?’ Shyam shouted.

Riya smiled and pointed at the cat stuck up in the tree.

‘Rescuing the cat.’

‘Damn! And who will rescue you?’

She was about to get hold of the cat but that nasty little creature ran further up causing her to loose balance. Fortunately she held onto a branch with both her hands.

“Stop giggling and help me!” her voice crackled when she saw him laughing.

“Is that how you ask for help?” Shyam started to walk away.

“Stop! Are you going to leave me like this?” Panic started to engulf her. The branch could break any moment and she was definite that she would break a few bones.

“Please help me Shyam! I’ll do whatever you say!”She said with a fake smile.

“Whatever I say? hmmm… I see” He licked his lips, evil thoughts raced his mind.

He climbed the ladder and offered his hand for support.

“Trust me. Give me your right hand.” He extended his own.

“Good! Now keep your right leg on the ladder. He moved a little sideways.

“How? I will fall!”

“No, you won’t if you do as I say”

She did exactly what he said and it wasn’t very difficult! Although she was still half way in air.

“Now leave that branch you are holding.”

She gave him a scare-some look.

“Are you kidding? No way!”

“Either you leave it or I’ll push you from here!”

She had no other choice. With all her might she left it and before she could think next, Shyam grabbed her by the waist and pulled her towards himself.

Pheww!

 She was relieved. They were only a few feet above the ground. She really wanted to thank him but didn’t, instead she said, “I could have done this myself! No need to think that you are a life saver”

“Excuse me…”

She didn’t let him complete because she saw the cat on a nearby branch! She leaped to get hold of it but all in vain. The cat jumped away. What she hadn’t realized was that, that her stupid act left the ladder wobbly and they lost balance and fell down in a swoon.

“Aahhhhh!” Shyam screamed. Riya fell right on top of him.

 “You crazy woman! Who told you to jump like that?” He screamed at her.

She was speechless. Shyam was staring at her, his eyes beginning to soften.

“What? Why are you looking at me like that?” she said nervously.

“You look beautiful.” He lifted his hand and caressed her cheeks. They were still lying on the ground. Neither wanted to move.

‘Shyam… we fell..’ She smiled.

‘I know Riya.’ He chuckled.

‘…in love’ He added.

He pushed some hair strands behind her ear and kissed her softly.

They were spell bound in that moment.

__END__

