Love Short Story – Because I Love You

Photo credit: 

 from 

U.S.A……………….. The dream was about to come true.. I was all excited to go for my first onsite project. A lil bit scared as I didn’t know anything about the project and very busy for my visa processing stuffs and was dreaming about the dreams that I used to take every night.

 Wtf?

 I’ll be in a village? My onsite location was a small county- the worst place to live for a bachelor and for first time onsite.

 That means limited outing sources, discs, clubs..

I’ll be the youngest there? That means all girls will be of didi/bhabhi/aunty category…

 Excitement of going onsite was losing ground with these negative factors but God showed me a ray of light coming out from the dark room.

“Niks!” My PL called me. I turned and my eyes flashed. And I saw a new girl standing at her desk.

“Niks, she is Lavanya.. she will work in your team from offshore. Lavanya, Niks, you’ll work with him. Please ask all of your questions to him. Now I am done.. You guys continue..”

 “hi…” A sweet voice says.

 I was standing dumb statue there.. lost all of my senses. Totally blank..

 I bet anyone will lose his senses at first glance. A beauty with an innocent face… can’t be described in words.

 Astonishing, Nasty(in good way ), nice, neat, natural, Edgy, exciting, loving, light(light of hope for me!)

Do you believe in love at first site? Does it happen? Is it infatuation? And what am I attracted to? Her beauty? her innocence? Or a perfect combo of both?

 Surrounded with all these questions, came back to real world after few moments and replied back “hi”

Visitor’s pass, desk assigning and all.. used to be boring responsibilities that I had to do for a new comer in the team. But this time, it was diff.. no more boring..

 My heart started beating.. Distance to my home from office got decreased. I was full of joy.. Looking up in the sky.. Hoping for awesome days ahead!!

Advantage of being in a “boys only” gang- You can tease anyone. You can abuse, slam and watch other couples and pass comments. Every bad thing you are free to do because you are already tagged as “Bad”.

 Disadvantages?

 Everything else comes in disadvantages. You don’t know how to start a conversation with a girl, where to look when talking to a girl. And after that get ready to get screwed in the same way you used to do with others. Your friends, loyal members of that boys only gang will screw you like anything.

 Niks, don’t listen to them and get your love- My innocent heart, which newly learnt beating, consoled me and encouraged me.

 Nerves to my mind were blocked and I was following my heart’s orders.

 Totally confused with so many starters and no one was suiting. Opened wikihow.com and looked for “how to start conversation with your crush” but in vain. I was too late to love. All results were for college folks. And finally I started with “Hi.. should we start with KT?” . May be the most typical starter but it worked for me.

 “Sure” She replied.

 

 My heart boosted me and I got confidence.

 

 I asked.

 

 She replied in her sweet tone. But this is not what I wanted.

 

 I urged

 Finally she agreed.

 It costs double to your pocket and stomach when you go for snacks twice. First with Boys only gang and then with Lavanya.

 I just wanted to be with her. As much as possible. Snacks after snacks time was just a way to talk to her in an empty canteen. Pizza, pasta and coffee from CCD used to accompany us.

 She asked.

 I was surprised. She initiated this time. Was too happy to say anything.

 

 Came back with a dull answer.

 

 I asked.

 Is it too early for asking for a dinner? Is it too casual? What if she says No?

 

 Before my mind could temper me with all these questions, she replied.

 First dinner with her. That too totally unexpected. I was in my formals with my Id card hanging in my neck. But who cares. I was with the girl who I wanted to be with.

 We finally reached Maples. It was empty because of Monday. Lights were dim and waiter changed to slow romantic music when he saw us. Perfect ambience for a date. But we were not on a date. Still I loved that.

 There she was sitting in front of me. Red sleeveless kurta, perfectly folded dupatta. Hair with lot of pins. And mole below right nostril.

 She was princess. Dim light was magnifying her beauty. And I was becoming crazy for that.

 

 Sky was clear with stars and half moon. We were walking. I wish if I could hold her hand.

 

 —–

Finally I reached to my dream location.. USA.. It was all different experience. I was on cloud 9. Fully excited and enthusiastic!

 A lot of things got changed. But one thing that remained same was our chats.

 Started with formal chats discussing just the project work. She moved to some diff project but that didn’t affect our chats. We went casuals discussing office gossips and in couple of months we became friends! And then facebook friends!

Things were going in the way I wanted them to go.. Our chats went longer and longer.. 1 hour, 2 hrs, 3hrs.. oh my god.. it’s 3 a.m. in India.

 

 She replied at her 3 a.m.

 My office hours were the perfect time for me to chat with her.. Office had become chat zone for me.. Chats.. chats and chats.. This is what I used to do..

 Why does she wake up till 3 a.m. to chat with me? For me? Does she chat with me only? Am I just a friend? Does she like me?

 I didn’t have any clue about all these but I was falling for her…

 

 I thought to tell her so many times but every time fear of losing her pushed me back.

 Does she know that I like her? If yes, then why does she still talk to me? Does she like me?

 My heart kept on asking me questions at frequency more than it beats. And I was mum with no answer and no clue.

 I couldn’t hide it anymore but couldn’t say it straight forward.

I asked during our casual chats.

 

 She replied.

 “

 I told her. Even though I didn’t know what I am saying but I just pinged one of the longest sentence in our chats.

 

 Confused Lavanya said.

 

 I tried to explain.

 

 I made it finally.

 Pause.. 5 mins.. No ping from her side..

 

 Her reply shattered my feelings. Just another friend? Does she have a boyfriend?

 

I asked with last hope.

 

 Her reply again raised a hope in me.

 And the chats continued……….

 

 It was Lavanya’s bday

 And I pinged her 

Lavanya opened the mail and found the story that I boasted of in real.

 10 mins later I again called

 

Lavanya was shocked

 

I never wanted to leave her. But I don’t know why I did that. I am pretty sure that even today if I call her, she’ll respond.

 It hurts when I stay away from her. It hurts when I see her online and don’t ping. But I know it would hurt more if I ping to a girl whom I love and treat her like a normal friend.

 Pain is sweet. I was directionless and both sides of the road had pain.

 Opened my laptop. Opened youtube this time than facebook.

 I was rhyming with Gumrah movie’s Mahender Kapoor-

 

__END__

