Romantic Short Story – My First Crush

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Our crushes keep changing after every three to four months or maybe even longer or shorter than that. But guys, I hope each and everyone of us remembers our first crush! I find myself blushing whenever I come up with this phrase ‘First Crush’. I find myself going back to the time when i was six, yes because at that age I had my first crush. I was completely unknown to the word ‘Crush’ at that time. I was in my first grade when this boy in my class named Sharvil stole my heart.

Sharvil had the perfect ‘Dream boy’ looks. Brown haired, Pale skinned and with a mesmerizing and an infectious smile that would skip my heartbeat. I would find myself always staring at him in the class and would always find a chance to sit beside him in the class. And whenever I would talk with him, I used to wear that stupid, kiddish smile. You can imagine!

One day, during our lunch break, Sharvil sat beside me and nothing else could make me go all way dreamy! He had come there to show me some magic trick with the fingers. The magic trick which he showed was not quite skilled but there goes my crush-moment, I started clapping like an idiot and acted as if I was overly overwhelmed just because it was HIM coming to ME  to show the trick. So you can imagine the amount of control he had on my mood.

Once, Sharvil had come to my house to play with my brother who studied in the same class as we. He went upstairs to my brother’s bedroom and the whole time I had my ears stuck to his bedroom door! I was so whipped.

I left the school after my first grade and got an admission in another school. As time passed, I eventually forgot Sharvil as he was replaced my other ‘fluctuating’ crushes. After a few years I had completed my tenth grade and i decided to become an engineer in future. I even registered for a JEE training center. I came to know that there were many of my friends from first grade who attended that class and even Sharvil was one of them!

I was eagerly waiting for my class to start. By the time the day arrived, I had already lost my patience to see ‘my’ boy. OK, so let me describe to you the first day of my JEE class. I was trying to hide my excitement right from the time I woke up on that day. I got ready, packed my stuff and boarded the bus. It took thirty minutes for the bus to reach the class. When I reached the class, I found out that the students were still coming and I was not late.

As the class was filling up, my eyes scanned each and every corner of the class but there was no sign of him. I was disrupted. I was standing near the door and then suddenly I heard an ‘Excuse Me’ from behind. I realized that I was blocking the way and then I immediately stepped away from the entrance. I turned around to see who it was. I was too shocked to see the breathtaking view in front of me. It was Sharvil! He looked the same. The same messy, brown hair which had become a bit curly. It made him look hotter. He had the same pale complexion and I noticed that he was wearing lenses, BLUE color lenses! OH MY GOD! This was too much. I was swooning but then I controlled myself. Our eyes met and I felt I was six again. All the memories with him kept flashing in my mind but I was not six, I was a matured and grown up girl. I apologized to him and then sat in my place.

After the class was over, I talked with all my friends. It felt very refreshing to talk to them. Then somehow I ended up talking with Sharvil. And yes, I had my ‘control button’ on as usual. He said that he did not remember me but then I recalled some memories and then after a long time he finally recognized me. We chatted for a long time. He had continued studying in the same school till tenth grade and now he too wanted to become an engineer. All the things that happened on that day were enough to make the rest of the day blissful!

NOW, Sharvil and I are friends, I should say BEST FRIENDS! I know all his secrets and he knows mine too. We share everything with each other. We have similar likes and dislikes. I have even told him about him being my first crush. Yes, I told him everything! I keep telling him all the moments when I fell for him and guess what he does? He just laughs, he does not say anything, simply laughs and I feel the fluttering butterflies in my stomach caused by the melodious sounds of his laughter!

–END–

