Romantic Short Story – My First Kiss

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Like always I asked Arpit to come for our normal happy dates. My intention was very clear for every time I used to meet him. My intensity of love towards him was too strong to avoid it. With every meeting of ours, I wanted him to understand what I feel but it was too difficult for me to express my feeling for him so directly.

But One day, it so happened. I could not stop to express myself in front of him. We were coming back to our home after our coffee date. I was driving my scooty and he was sitting behind me. As usual in my non-serious mood, I was asking him to hold me from the back. I was teasing him to sit close by. I was pulling him towards me to sit nearer but he was not able to understand my seriousness towards him with those non- serious talks. It was past six and the street was quite dim. My imagination of being expressed myself in front of him was quite high.

I stopped my scooty on side of the road and switched off the headlights. I knew it was now or never. I had to kiss him to make him realize that I am very serious. I don’t know, what actually was running in his mind, when I stopped driving because the only question he asked was why u stopped here. I wanted him to give the opportunity to come closer to me, hold my hand, listen to my heartbeat, and feel me as I wanted. Why couldn’t he make the first move, I thinking to myself?

He looked and smiled at me and told me that he had a nice time. I just nodded, my throat was dry. He took out his jacket and placed it on his lap and asked me very casually what happened. I said nothing. I was sweating profusely by now.

He asked me “if you are not feeling well to drive, sit at back, I will drive”.

For a moment, I felt as he knows everything still he is trying to avoid that situation. I got down of my scooty and allowed him to sit in the front. I was facing towards him with my uncontrollable feelings. I placed my hand on his hand, when he was about to start the scooty .

I blurted out… “Can I kiss you?”

I felt so weak and scared after I said that. Visions of how he will react were continuously going in my mind. But then, he didn’t tell anything. I held his hand more tightly. He didn’t react. I made him get down of the scooty, he did it for me. I held his hand even tighter than earlier and drew him more closely towards me. I knew what I had to do. I wrapped my right hand around him as best as I could, all the while trying desperately to get into a good position to kiss him on his lips. He made my task easier by holding me back and bending little down to be part of my first kiss. My hold was even tighter when after a peck on his lips, he responded back to me with a very wild kiss. His hands were around my neck and cheeks and he was trying to pull me up and up to make that kiss a very special to me. It had become very dark by then.

I parted him by kissing him on his neck and saying that I love you. He just kissed me on my forehead and said “I too”.

I was overwhelmed. Finally we decided to return back home. There was so much to talk and there was a silence between us and it drew me much closer to him. He decided to drive and I sat behind him holding him tightly, sitting at the back.

__END__

