Love Short Story – A Few Tears and A Blind Hope

Photo credit: 

 from 

The blowing winds have taken you away from me. They have parted my soul from my humanoid form. How could they?? Now that all has perished, fate has left me with two choices, one is hope and tears while other being move on or better said to die.

He gazed at her pic.. The tears had blurred the image. He closed his eyes. Who knew that one meeting would change his life. Years past but those memories stood still..

His everyday walk that day, turned out to be his life changing walk. Staring at the girls around, he kept walking.. He just saw an awesome girl. Looked behind and stared at her until she ran out of his sight.

Turned back and oops!

He encountered a collision with a man, who kept his run in motion.. 10 seconds later he found a girl shouting at the man, “Stop him, bloody thief..!!”

She came up to him and voiced her mind,, “Can’t you stop him. He was thief. He robbed a woman’s Bag.”

He gazed at her and that beauty just struck his soul and heart, her chubby cheeks, long dark black hair, her dress and everything.

He recovered,, “Madam,,He got his meal for the day.”

“What..!!?? Are you mad.. Instead of stealing, he could have earned his meal.” She responded in anger.

“Well, May be he is lazy.” He winked.

“Some day these thieves will cost a life.” She said. “And you’ll realise it one day.” She added. She said so and left but only to find her scooty punctured.

“Hii.. I am Nehal.. I’ll drop you to house. Only if you won’t mind”

“Thanks. I’m Nisha..” After a bit cold war.. A seed of friendship was sown into their heart.

“So nice car yaar. “She said looking at a black audi car.

“I’ll buy you one with my first earn with, I promise”

“Oh!! So much love ha..!!” Nisha exclaimed.

“You only need to ask the stars, the world, anything.”

“Anything? I only want you. I love you.”

Through the road blocks. Through the sorrows.Through the darkness. They still were able to light up the candle of their love for such a long-long time. Promises for being together for whole life were being made.

“A surprise for you, my love.. ” Nehal said.

 “What surprise..?? Engagement date ha?? Hehe..!! ” She laughed.

 “Madam engagement date is April 26. Mom will your family up to inform now.”

 “What..?? Really..!! Yipee..!!” She said and just kept dancing and dancing. “Love you.. Love you..”

 “But this not my surprise. You’ll be even more happy to see my this surprise. ”

 “I have you in my life now till my last breath. What’s my another surprise?”

 “My first earning. Remember my promise. ”

 “Car..!!??” she enquired.

 “Come down.” I hung up.

She looked from the window. She looked awesome. In the pink saree. Her long hair let opened. Her lips looked the sweetest ever coloured red. She was in the window staring at car with the right hand on her perfectly curved belly. Two white kadas and a white bangle. He could never forget her that pose. The most awesome. The eighth wonder. He took his cell and clicked her pic. She ran down. He kept looking at the pic. He kissed it. She was down her house on the other side of road. She speed up her walking speed. A man, a thief actually, was running. He collided with her. She lost the balance. She tried to get up from the fall and just then saw a bus coming towards her. All he could see was public who were surrounded.

 “Some day these thieves will cost a life.”

She had said it right. And he had realised it. His life changed in one moment. All the happiness changed into sorrow. He wanted to cry, to shout. But couldn’t. He collapsed,, his life was over.

He opened his eyes and saw the same pic in his hand. He took his car and stepped into the hospital. “5 years past and I’m still waiting for you baby..” Tears started to occupy his clear eye sight again. “I feel to die without you. Lost into darkness, hope is the only light possible. I cry everyday, fall everyday but I won’t loose dear. I know you will fight this coma and marry me soon. Strange time, Today even the pic speaks a lot more than you. I love you Nisha. I love u..

–END–

