Sad Love Short Story – BURNT LOVE

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

This is a story of a boy and a girl where the girl always avoided the boy but after a fire accident which took away her life the boy discovered diary whose cover was almost burnt in the accident but luckily the pages were still safe for finding out her deep secret. So the story is named “BURNT LOVE”.

It was a gloomy day with the sun playing hide and seek with the clouds. A boy sleeping lazily in a king size bed and the alarm beside the bed ringing to its fullest informing its 6 Am time to get ready for school. Manik Dhawan 16 years old, only son of a rich businessman and the next heir of Dhawan Industries.

Looking at the watch he sprang up from the bed and rushed to the bathroom thinking, like other days even today he will be late to school. He was speeding up so that he din’t miss the school bus. But unfortunately the bus had already arrived and started honking. He somehow gulped down the milk and rushed to the bus stop racing against the breezy wind.

“Sorry, err I got late in the bathroom “, said Manik panting hard.

“Oh yeah, that’s a daily routine as your stool always has the school time for creating trouble to come out”, said the bus conductor with a smirk in his face.

Feeling ashamed he ignored the bus conductor and got up on the bus us pacing here and there finding a vacant seat in the front row for him but there was none so he moved back and found one at the end. He found out a girl sitting by the windows so he was making himself comfortable to the seat next to her but due to a sudden break he almost fell on her making themselves uncomfortable. Meanwhile it had started raining heavily and the drops of water were trickling down through the window pane making them wet. He closed down the window and said, “it’s so beautiful outside isn’t it ?”

“Yeah, it is but it also shows the harsh reality of some people who doesn’t have a home for shelter in this rain”, said the girl softly without looking at him.

Manik who was a self-centered boy for whom life was to party with friends, at once was amazed by her words.

“Are you new to school ? Haven’t seen you earlier “, Manik said.

“Yeah, but I have seen you earlier. You never saw me because you never came at the back and I sit here regularly”, said the girl.

Soon they reached school and were walking through the school gate and the girl suddenly disappeared from Maniks vision. He was searching here and there when his best friend Cabir called him from back “Hey bro was up ? Looking lost, what’s the matter ?” Manik did not reply and moved to his class leaving a stunned Cabir behind him.

After the school got over Manik without wasting a second rushed back to the school bus to occupy the last seat but it was already occupied by a girl, so he moved to the front with a heavy heart. He got down at his stoppage looking back once. The whole day he sat gloomily looking outside and thinking about her words. In the evening Cabir came and found Manik playing with the strings of his guitar. Manik was a good singer & composer. He has a band named “THE SYMPHONY” where Cabir was drummer, Priti was  in the keyboards and Akash in the guitar. They were like a family to him.

Cabir came near him and placed his hand on his shoulder and said, “what’s bothering you buddy ? Today in school you were looking lost and din’t speak to us even.” Manik couldn’t control himself and broke down in front of Cabir narrating the morning incident . Seeing Manik like this he became impatient and tried to console him and said everything will be fine.

The next day Manik was early to the bus stop waiting for the bus. The bus came and he got up and without searching for the seat simply went to the last seat making himself comfortable to the girl whom he was falling for.

“Hi, I am Manik.. Umm people call me Mani”, he introduced himself to her.

“Bornita Rai”, she replied with a stern voice.

“Can we be friends if you want ?”, said Manik.

“Why do u want to be my friend ? I am unlucky for all , so stay away from me and let me be the way I am in my lonely world”, she said.

Manik was hurt listening to the last line. He moved to the other side without uttering a single word.

Time passed away like this, even Manik din’t bother her after that day but he has changed a lot as a person.

It was the final day of their school before the final board exams. Everyone was in a happy mood enjoying the last day of their school life but Bornita and Manik were sitting in a corner when suddenly the host of the program called out Bornita’s name to sing a song. Hearing her name Manik sat up looking at the stage eagerly while Bornita was not prepared but after lot of hesitation she walked near the mike and thanked her parents for giving a wonderful life and composed herself and started singing the song, “Main kabhi badlata nahi par andhere se darto hoon mai ma ….”.

The listeners were speechless by her melodious voice and Manik was stunned. After she finished the song it was silence and suddenly Manik stood up and clapped followed by others. After the program ended he walked up to her and told her, “you sing so well. this is the last day of our school and i came here to wish you best of luck for your future”, and he turned away.

Bornita was in tears by now and called him, “Manik ..”

Hearing her call his name he stopped and turned back and with a surprise he was hugged by her. Both were in tears and Manik couldn’t speak a word.

“I know I was harsh on you that day but I am sorry for that, please forgive me. I am accepting you as my friend forever”, she said.

“Are you serious ?”, said Manik.

“Yes yes and yes”, and she laughed out loud.

Manik smiled and said, ” so can we go out for a coffee this evening ?”

“where and when ?”, asked Bornita.

“At 6 pm at Cafe Coffee. I will be waiting for you”, said Manik.

After their new friendship they parted away and went back to their respective places. In the evening Manik went to the Cafeteria and was waiting for Bornita to come. She came after 15 mins of waiting.

“Hey, sorry for keeping you waiting”, said Bornita and side hugged him.

“It’s fine my sweetheart”, Manik said making her blush.

They took a corner seat and was enjoying the ambiance of the Cafeteria and was staring at each other.

“Manik, excuse me for a bit I need to use the washroom”, and left the seat.

5 mins later there was a fire alarm in the cafeteria, everyone was rushing out from there. Manik was panicking because Bornita was stuck in the washroom. He was calling out his name but did not get any response meanwhile fire had started spreading the whole cafeteria. Manik rushed towards the washroom and found smoke every where and suddenly found someone lying down near his feet and sensed her to be Bornita and took her in his arms and rushed towards the exit. She was unconscious. Due to the heat she has burnt her exposed skin and the bag she carried was also burnt somewhat.

The ambulance was called and she was rushed to the hospital. Manik informed his parents about the incident and left for the hospital. Bornita was immediately rushed to I.C.U as her condition was very serious. Manik was standing near the door waiting for the doctor to come and in the mean time his parents also arrived. He ran to his mother and started sobbing. Mrs. Akansha Dhawan Maniks mother consoled him saying everything will be fine. After an hour the doctor came out and asked for Manik because Bornita was searching for him, she was back in her senses but her condition wasn’t stable. Manik walked in and found her girl lying in the hospital bed and looking towards the blank ceiling.

“Manik”, said Bornita.

“Shh, take rest doll, you need it”, said Manik.

“No Mani, I have very little time left with me please listen to what I say”, said Bornita.

“Doll please don’t say like this, I can’t stay without you please don’t leave me please”, said Manik.

“Mani, please don’t make we weak and you need to stay strong for me and your parents. Mani this is a diary where I have all my secrets written. You wanted to know me right, so here I leave this for you”, said Bornita.

“Bornita…”, said Manik and broke into tears.

“Please let me die in peace and open this after I leave this world”, said Bornita and handed the diary to him and suddenly she started having hiccups.

Manik called the doctor. The team of doctors tried their level best to save her but she couldn’t fight back. The monitor showed a straight line. Everything was over. Manik became speechless hearing the news of her demise.

He walked away with the diary to the near by lake and sat under a tree. He opened the diary and started reading it with tearful eyes. He found out that she was an orphan child her parents died in a car accident when she was 3 years. Gradually he found out that Bornita also loved him but she never wanted it to be know because she always had a fear of losing her love.

Manik now was completely shattered and could only utter “I LOVE YOU TOO. Why did you leave me ?”

After this incident Manik lost all his memory and now he is known as patient no 436 in the mental asylum. Manik now only utters one word, “Bornita, I LOVE YOU”.

–END–

This is my first story. I tried to pen down my imagination. Hope all of you will like it.

