Sad Love Story – Eternally In Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

She took his face in her hands and had a good long look. Maybe it was the last time she was appreciating the spark in his eyes she had madly fallen in love with. Maybe it was the last time she could touch him. With tears in her eyes she realised that she had to let him go. As heart wrenching as it was, she had to. But he didn’t feel the same way.

He knew they would meet again. Oh, he would make sure they did. She was too precious for him to let go. She had seemed a bit aloof lately, he couldn’t fathom why. She also seemed irritated by whatever he said but he gathered it was all the stress talking. But amongst all the confusion, he knew he had found the girl he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. That was all that mattered.

It was time. They kissed and hugged. They didn’t want to let go but said their final goodbyes. Although it hurt like hell, she left him without turning to look at him, not once. He kept staring even after she was long gone and wondered when he would get to lay his eyes on that beautiful round face again as he mindlessly went back to the day he first laid eyes on her.

 

It wasn’t love at first sight. Certainly no one could fall for that lanky, nerdy girl even if they tried! She was shy, secluded in her own little world most of the time and one could hear her speak only if she was asked a question or two from the teachers. When he noticed her for the first time, he and his friends had a good time ridiculing her!

It was only a matter of time that they got to know each other through petty talks. He was always the jolly one among the two. He would crack jokes and make her laugh continuously. When she would be alone, she would play them in her head and laugh over and over again inside her closed room, so nobody thinks she is a lunatic! She liked him. He was different from the rest. Sure, he was mischievous in class and would end up getting 

caught instead for something she never did! She would be mad at him but only till he came upto her and said sorry with his sad puppy brown eyes, making a face. They would break into a laugh and all annoyance soon forgotten.

They never actually could point out when they had fallen in love with each other. Perhaps it happened simultaneously for the both of them. He expressed his feelings first although he had an inkling that she felt it too. Then there was this initial awkwardness. Until now they were the friendly, back slapping buddies who suddenly found themselves attracted to one another and didn’t know how to react! But some blushings and anxieties later, they let love flow and surrounded themselves with it’s lovely feeling. He found out that she loves soft toys and heart shaped chocolates and she found out that he only knows how to love people. She was ecstatic that she had someone like him in her life. It was as if they were made for each other. The perfect couple!

 

Now, they both lead different lives of their own. They never met after their last rendezvous. They didn’t marry, as he wanted to ever so badly. He still cannot figure out what went wrong. He thinks about her at times when he feels lonely or whenever his niece demands heart shaped chocolates. His heart still yearns for her but he cannot bring himself to be mad at her for leaving him stranded. She had no right to. But he doesn’t hate her. He still loves her and always will, till eternity.

She is married to someone else and lives far away from her past. She hasn’t forgotten him either. Yes, she chose to leave him. It hurts, when someone leaves you but it hurts even more when you leave someone on purpose. Its not that she wanted someone better. She knew this wouldn’t work out. It could have, if she had left her family, her relations behind. But she didn’t want it that way. She chose to live according to her family traditions than following her heart. It may not seem so but yes, she sacrificed. A sacrifice that haunts her till today. She thinks of him and fears that he might hate her for what she did or didn’t do. But she still loves him and always will, till eternity.

__END__

