Fiction Short Story – SHERRY HAGGEN-PERRY – Chapter 1.

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I was on an autumnal morning and still dark in the morning I was leaving for a jog Center Park to the park. The park was destroyed in an almost empty of people, and it suited me just fine. Because I wanted to perform my morning peace. But at the time of my departure I did not know that the woman that soon I would point to John Lennon’s memorial, would revolutionize the entire life thoroughly. Approaching the Lennon memorial. I, I’m wearing the same brown hooded track suit, as always jogs. Blouse, I had a strap on the left side of the body tied to a phone box, which always while running, I kept my phone Huawei. In my ears, I had the cheap earphones that I listened to while running at night to work on a bestseller for new plot twists. I especially liked about a sentence that knowing it was almost prophetic.

“In this sense there was something wrong … In the meantime, it seemed to me that the woman was not from this planet …”

I laughed to myself and my thoughts. Small After warm up, I prepared myself to continue with the competition .. Accelerator point I ran my speed and getting really hard. Apparently, I had arrived at the dark point, and at that moment I was completely in her own thoughts, and I’ve noticed a naked woman lying in front of me. Before it was too late, my leg staggering lying on the ground, but the woman. but at that point I do not any more able to avoid bumping into a woman. For the low end of my flight, I fell on my stomach to rate hitting my forehead on the path to the stone.

A little bit confusing, and to bleed, I realized what stumbling. I dug in my pocket a clean handkerchief, which pushed the leaking bruise on my forehead. I went to a young woman who had a long black hair, and I think a hell of a great body. A woman was lying on his back in the right knee bent and legs slightly apart. I had the battery can hold for a moment almost transparent visible woman’s most sacred head before half-unconscious woman realized close the thigh. Gentleman took off my blouse off, putting the woman’s naked body a blanket. At the same woman opened her eyes and stared at me fearfully Then she handed me a pale hand. I caught a cold hand and waited for her to say something. But the woman has not yet said a word at all. I leaned closer to the woman and her own lips almost touched the woman’s bluish lips, when I asked the woman her name.

“Alice .. My name is Alice! “The woman replied quietly.

“Alice! My name is Henry Henriksson and I’ll call you as soon as help …” I reassured the panicked about Allie, saying yet. “Take it easy, as soon as you rest in the hospital.”

My words were almost the woman’s terror. Reassured him and told all is well. But despite Allie seemed more and more scared, saying the sound from the cold and trembling with fear, with emphasis on “the” word twice.

“If they would catch me … so they would kill me immediately!”

I wondered Alice’s points, wondering for a moment that whether Alice raped and the rapists would return as soon as a new land deeds may also kill Alice. When I asked Alice who were chasing him properly. Alice could tell just by the fact that one of his pursuers called Ben. I took a fearful Alice’s arms and soothed her as best, but informed also that I have to call him for help because his body temperature was dropping dangerously low levels. Alice sworn to be able to nevertheless well, and instead get an aid to him. I could take him in my arms and carry her to warm my apartment to recover. The relevant thinking more about wondering grabbed Alice’s lap and went to carry him across the park located in the apartment.

I had during the trip to the optimal workout a few times, as Alice turned out surprisingly heavy to bear about the long road hotel. But finally we were able to park on the edge of another without an apartment building penthouse. Interlocking Alice lying on the ground in a comfortable position on the couch and tucked her warm with blankets. Then I put the two of us breakfast. I could be a long while away from Alice’s trust. When I returned to the living room was Alice disappeared? At first I thought Allicen had escaped, and cursed quietly to myself. But then I heard the bathroom was calculated water into the tub and I realized Alice’s going to take a bath. At the same time when I put my breakfast in the kitchen, I thought back to how desires way to Alice had shown lying naked on Center Park.

“But the same also, I realized that I had forgotten to ask Alice …. Why she had been lying naked on Center Park, Lennon memorial in the vicinity at half past five in the morning?”

I heard the same Alice emptied the water from the tub and in a moment Alice appeared in the kitchen just a towel around him. I told Alice that I had put a little breakfast … fried potatoes and bacon for dessert and freshly brewed coffee. We ate breakfast in silence. After breakfast brought Alice’s hand to my bedroom and I showed Alice of the cabinet, which was ex-girl friend, unused clothes. Alice chose a dark closet underwear, the black side of a long skirt and white the sweater, with the note up. Alice found the foot of the closet brown leather boots. Before dressing in Alice pushed me out of the bedroom door. In the hallway, I heard my apartment door was broken open, and point two unknown men dressed in black suit holding guns rushed to my living room. Men made ​​an official mark, telling them to be FBI Special Agents Murrey and Wess. Murreyn departure to explore my apartment .. Wess told me to sit on the couch, from interrogate me.

“Mr Henriksson! Our very important to know whether a woman is still with you?”

“I also would like to know why the FBI special agents chasing him?” I threw back.

FBI man did not have time to ask me thinking more about that when my bedroom was heard a great noise, and after a while we heard the painful cry of another agent.

“Stay on the couch, Mr Henriksson”. Wess commanded me.-Up the gun holster and from the slowly approaching my bedroom, opening gently my bedroom door. But Wess wi had time to invite officials of his brother called the police colleagues from the barrel of the gun pressed against his forehead, and the apartment of the shot ended his life before the man had time to realize what had happened. took me a while before I realized what happened to my apartment a while ago. I was in shock. But to hear Alice’s hasty shout woke up to the bedroom.

“Alice!” I cried, rushing to the bedroom, where the middle of the floor lay on his back another special agent bruised bloody corpse. The sight made ​​me sick and vomit many times rummaging through the bedrooms. But in spite of searching, I found no trace of Alice. I found the bedroom only bloody footprints that led out of the window. I noticed the same agent’s body next to a piece of something gray. I took a pocket handkerchief, which I found a piece of the pick-up from the floor. While studying in more detail to find I was convinced that my hand was a piece of gray-colored replacement for, that did not belong to this lifeless agent. I can once again feel sick. I dropped a piece of replacing the back on the floor and I went to open the window again to avoid vomiting.

“What the hell is the right place and with whom the ear piece I had in my hand.” I murmured half aloud, breathing the fresh morning air. In addition, I was worried about Alice, which was lost in a strange way at the same time, when my house had diet two FBI special agent. I heard the same from afar arriving police car sirens. In the same I also realized a lot of trouble when the agents’ bodies be discovered apartment. Therefore thought it best to get out of the apartment through the window and go in search of Alicea. I was ‘ve been looking for Alice throughout the day. But Alice had been lost for many for hours, until he suddenly appeared in my home located in the vicinity of ethylene shopping center in front of the late afternoon. When I told him applied forthroughout the day. Alice wrapped her arms around my neck, kissing me. Thereafter, Alice grabbed my hand and started pulling me behind him, saying to me with a smile.

 “Come on … I live near here … you get the honor of being the first visitor to stay with me …”

 Alice began to pull me after him through the shopping center, the street leading towards the sliding doors. When we came to a newsstand want, Alice revealed to me something about himself quite a strange sound like the power to question. “Why do the women of this planet will be happy to go naked?

I was at the very end of the wood beaten, even though I tried to hide my surprise at Alice. And I do not, therefore, did not know what I would have responded to Alice, because Alice’s question struck me as odd to say the least. I did not mention anything about Alice, asking him to get me a few questions. Instead, I put the ignorant by asking. “What do you mean, Alice?

 “This is what I mean”, Henry! Alice showed a tabloid newspaper news placard with one of the most well-known Hollywood starlet walked naked on the beach.

Externally, I chuckled Alice’s finding, even though internally I was not really. For I began to be worried about Alice, because I started to slowly realize Alice and my apartment lying dead in the FBI agents in a deadly connection. For if Alice really was from the dislocation alien from the planet, as strongly suspected. So when Alice was also likely to be killed by agent pleaseds of apartment and fled …? At the same moment, as my thoughts controls the country, the dead FBI agents ran guns to the mall in her hand, nudging people in its path to us in search of .

