Short Story – Love: Aish to Ash

Photo credit: 

 from 

It all started in the summers of 2008.  I was in the 7th standard then.  The first day of the new session. It was the new branch of our old school, hence except for my friends, everything was brand new. I sat there in the very first bench with my best mate, nervous!

Suddenly a queue of students entered our classroom, and we were informed that from that day onward, those students will study with us. That was the first time I saw her. It was her hair, the way she tied them, compelled me to watch her again and again.

It was very grateful of our general knowledge teacher that she appointed us to do a project together, and that was the very first time we both talked! Although it was awkward in the beginning, gradually we became friends.

We used to talk everyday, and unaware of what she felt about me,I started loving her.

One fine evening, after almost 2 months of our friendship, she rang me up. We talked for about 15 minutes regarding some project work at school, and at the end if the conversation, she PROPOSED ME.

Yes, she did! It was one of the happiest moment of my life. I knew, had she not proposed me, i would have never told her about my feelings. We formed a relationship, and that was the BEST thing i could have ever imagined of!

But, things scattered! They changed drastically.

It was on October 2012, after more than 4 years of our relationship, that she broke up with me.

She ended with a reason, that she was a brahmin, and i am not, which will create family problems in the future, and hence better to end up this mess here!

She referred to those cute 4 years of OUR LIFE, as a MESS!

I understood her situation, and as promised earlier, i stood by her side. We broke up. But, inside i was dying, and I still LOVED her like insane.

A week later, I came to know she was in a relationship with another guy, (non-brahmin), and it pricked me! I tried talking to her, but she refused, and asked me not to disturb her in her happy life.

I even saw a writing by her, describing those 4 years, as a waste of her LIFE!

I still love her. Yes I do.

Now, I am in the 12th standard, and she had completely forgotten me, but I still dream of her every single night!

I miss her…

__END__

