Love your Life – It has more to give you

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Life is beautiful. There is no end to it. You can get anything you wish in your life and make it happy. Only thing needed is patience and a genuine heart.”  Saritha completed reading her book and closed it. She is living alone at her home. She is around 50 years and lost her husband. Her two sons got married and settled in United States. They will send her money every month as a part of their responsibilities. Once in a while, a phone call or a small visit is making her happy and keeping her alive. She works in a NGO during free time and teaches poor kids.

One day she went to a supermarket for shopping. “Hi Saritha, how are you?”. She turned back to that voice. To her surprise, it is her classmate Krishna murthy. She felt very happy for their meet and they both had lunch together. She welcomed him to her home and left.

The next day, when she was working in her garden, Krishna murthy came to home. She welcomed him inside. They both started reminding all their college days and incidents. Suddenly she asked him about his life. He said he was not married and living alone. She knows the reason. Krishna murthy and Saritha were good friends and also loved each other at some point. They wished to get married. Due to elders, their love has broken and Saritha was sent to other city.

Saritha felt bad for sometime. She told about her life too. Her kids left her alone just by sending money. She was alive only for her grands children. They both shared few happy moments and laughed together. They shared their phone numbers and going out together once in a while.

One day suddenly Krishna murthy proposed her.

She stunned and smiled at him. “Are you kidding? you are 52 and i am 50 years now. Do we really need LOVE in this age?”

He took her hands and told her, “Love does not need age. It is a beautiful feeling which can not be explained in words. It does not necessarily end with SEX. It is a bind of two hearts. We are neglected by our families. Just be together and stay as best friends forever. I want to live with my best friend and waited for this moment for my entire life. It is you to decide our future.” He left from the house.

Saritha did not sleep the entire night. Her mind is thinking in two ways. One side, her loved and awaited friend who wants to live with her forever. The life will be more happy. The other side, her two sons, daughter-in-laws and grand children. What do they think of her? What if they abandon her completely? She is so deeply thinking and suddenly bursted into tears. She took her husbands photo and started crying.

The next day, she called her children on phone and told her opinion about Krishna murthy. They want to live together. Her sons scolded her to the core and scared her in many ways. They also asked her to come to United States and be with them if she can not live alone. But, it is late. She took the decision. She put the phone down and called Krishna murthy to pick her up. They went to his house and started a new life.

“Life is beautiful. Love makes it more beautiful. When your love is pure, you will reach your loved one for sure. There are no boundaries to Love. Age, colour, caste, religion, money…does not matter.” Saritha just finished reading a book.

–END–

