All We Needed – Short Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

The wind blew hard and whispered in her ear that time had come.

The world felt like an enemy, every day a struggle and every second a mystery. The day was silent, cold and still.

And today was the day she decided to die.

She sat on the parapet wall, and looked six storeys down. Tears rolled down her cheeks and her heart felt sick. Her head was heavy from all the pain and her arms full of scars. She’d been fighting depression long and hard; and now it felt all too difficult.

Her phone vibrated continuously as people called over and over again, trying to know what was wrong. She saw her life flash into her eyes and she clenched the edges of the wall. Time waits for none.

Deep breaths and calls for determination shut her eyes. And then there was a familiar voice.

“What do you want?” She asked him. He was her best friend, together for almost five years now. They’d shared everything together until she decided to shut everything out. He knew when it all came down to the ends, she’d be at the only place she felt safe.

“What are you doing?” He asked.

“Ending my story.”

He walked slowly towards her and stood still.

“What… do you… want?” She said from behind her tears.

He gently tucked her smooth brown hair behind her ear. “I want you,” He whispered. “Am I a reason strong enough for you to live?”

“But all this is so hard,” She replied, looking away.

“Life is hard. Nothing is easy.” He took her hand and she withdrew it.

They just stayed in silence, without much to do or say.

“To tell you the truth, I’d rather have you dead,” He said.

“Oh, great. Thank you so much,” And she continued with her crying.

“Because I’m already dying without you. I’m halfway there. Meet you in the darkness,” He started to walk away.

He was stopped in his tracks when from behind, she put her arms around him. He smiled.

“I’m such a mess.” She said as she broke down in his arms.

“Well, we’ll clean it up.”

“What are we going to do?” she replied, her cries getting weaker.

“Hmm. That is uncertain. We’re going to be happy, I’ll tell you that much. Love isn’t anything unless you give it to someone, I give mine to you.”

And for the first time in a long time, she smiled.

“We’ll have the time of our lives, living in broken houses and eating cheap food. We’re not rich; we’re almost on the streets, honey. But I can assure you, we’ll be happy. And the first thing we’re going to do is this,”

He took her by the hand and sat down leaning against the wall. And from his coat pocket, he produced a bar of chocolate.

“I know it’s not any Swiss or Belgium but it’s all I can give to you now. Just wait. When we reach out, we’ll have all we can. But for now, just this,” he said.

“It’s more than enough,” she leaned her head on his shoulder and bit on the chocolate.

They just sat there, talking till it was dark. They’d been friends and then they hadn’t. They became something unbreakable. Love had always been there, in the disguise of a best friend.

With petty dreams and one broken heart in mending, they started to live life for each other’s sake.

__END__

