Love Short Story – LOVE AGAIN

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It wasn’t a bad day to begin with. Simran was curled up in the bed when the alarm went off. She quickly got up and went straight to the bathroom. A few minutes later, she came out fresh, dressed in black. It was a big day.

She was going to testify against Mangal Singh and that would make sure that he spends the rest of his life rotting behind the bars for murder, human trafficking and drug dealing.

She was combing her hair when the doorbell rang.

An angry frown creased her forehead as she flung the door open.

The man in front of her tried to step in but before he could take another step, she slammed the door in his face. Almost rupturing his nose.

He stood stunned and speechless by her sudden rebuke.

His hand reached the doorbell once again and this time he didn’t let go of it. Inside, her head was nearly going to burst because of the constant ringing for the past seven minutes and a wave of futile rage swept over her.

This time she opened the door with a glass full of water in one hand and splashed it’s contents on him.

Seething with anger, he approached her menacingly and clutched her with both his hands and shook her.

‘SIMRAN. will you stop revolting? I told you not to get involved in Mangal’s case!

She tried to free herself from his grip but her strength was no match to his.

‘Why Rahul? Why should I listen to you? I can get you arrested for harassing me!’

Venom spewed from her lips as she cursed him belligerently.

‘Right, like anybody is going to arrest a RAW agent for talking to his girlfriend’

He made no attempt to conceal his smirk.

‘EX-GIRLFRIEND’ She corrected him.

‘You have to come with me right now’ He grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the door.

Her face contorted with rage and fury and she jerked his hand away.

‘I am not going anywhere with you.’ She crossed her arms.

Instantly he took out his mobile phone from his pocket and showed her some pictures.

Blood drained from her face when she saw the photographs.

‘Oh my god’ She gasped and fell to her knees, clutching her head in despair.

The other witnesses had been found brutally murdered in their apartments. They were the photos of the crime scene.

‘It is not as easy as you expect Simran. His men will get to you. You have to listen to me. I won’t let anything happen to you.’ He held her gently and soothed her.

‘But…but I am not a coward.’ She cried helplessly.

‘I know sweetheart. But you can’t risk your life for all this. Sooner or later the prosecution will find evidence to link all the murders to Mangal.’

She understood his point and asked him where shall he take her, to which he replied, ‘Somewhere safe’

__END__

