Harsh and Antra sitting under the sky, enjoying the view, gentle breeze playing with their hairs, skin, giving goosebumps all over.

 Suddenly interrupting the silence, Antra made her way, “you know Harsh all the people are good, they see beauty, they love beauty because this is their state of being. We’re all Earth Angels.”

 A strong laugh bought her thoughts on the ground and made her look at him.

 “Okay! You always have logic behind everything, right? Now what’s the logic behind this one?”, Asked Harsh still laughing.

 Antra gave him a smile and looked up again, “Look up Harsh. Look at the sky how big and open it is! Even a small piece of the sky can make you wonder under it’s vastness. So huge but no pride… Hey see the birds! How free they are na? Everyday is like anew start to them, a bundle of new adventures, meeting new fellows on the path, trying new things, exploring many horizons, then returning back home all tired and set up journey to Wonderlands holding the hand of dreams. Wouldn’t it be amazing if we could just live like them?”, She stopped.

This time a mild fragrance accompanyed the breeze. Kind of smell that travels within and lingering touch stays forever. They can even taste it.

 Antra went on, “This fragrance, can you hate it Harsh? Can you skip it? No, you just love it. You know, Love is never about the color or form. It’s a feeling, you drink one fine day unintentionally, like it so much that you want to drink it all the life. Because Love makes you simply aware of your own breathe.”

He was silent, no laugh, eyes closed probably he can see that fragrance now.

“Harsh! Can we meet at the same place at night? We’ll have dinner together.”, Antra asked with glint in her eyes.

“Antra, I can’t wait to see the world with your eyes, I want to learn how to be alive again. Would you teach me?” He requested, but there was something deep in his eyes.

 “We will learn together Harsh. So we’re meeting at 8”, She gave a quick smile stood up and left.

 His eyes could see her walking away ,and disappeared against his wish.

Antra came to the same spot, Harsh was already there. They exchanged smiles. The night was so sober and cool breeze wrapping them.

 “Can you feel the silence?…don’t you feel it peaceful or this quietness scarring you?”

 She whispered, as if she didn’t want the silence to be disturbed.

“I’m loving it Antra. I’M LOVING IT”, He sounded like he found so much meaning in this stillness.

 “Look at the sky, there’s no single corner left, it don’t hold the stars.. No moon, but still so loving. Seems like we have known these twinkling stars for ages. They tell us stories of their billion years existence. And the way they wink, it makes me fall for myself over and over. This love raises me to new heights, one more step closer to my home.

 You know Harsh, love is choosing to see the light. Love is the hope. And most importantly while darkness all over, still you managed to spot beauty in it. Now tell me, if deep down we never knew the beauty ever then how could we find them and love them..?”, She asked still looking at the sky and smiling.

“Because we are all good. Beauty and Peace is our original state of being” He told and smiled like he is the happiest man alive.

“…and we’re also the LOVE, we seek outside. This should be the complete sentence Harsh. You’re so content that you’ve everything you ever need.”, She said looking at his eyes.

They remained quiet for sometime, taking rest in the lap of silence.

“Okay enough. Now let’s go and have our dinner somewhere”, She suggested with a light laugh.

“Thanks Antra. Thank you very much for making me aware of my breath, for taking me to myself.”, A drop of tear made it’s way towards his cheek, while saying these most meaningful words of his life.

“Release yourself. This drop is the tear of that boy who won over his shadow.(holding the tear before it could drop on the ground and lost). Such pearls are rare, comes once in a while. Make it worth Harsh.”, She spoke her heart handing him his pearl back.

–END–

