Short Story of Love, Hate or Jealousy (Part 1)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Aina was walking one corner to other corner in her room. Today’s incidents made her mad. She saw Percy and Jyotsna talking each other. They were not only talking they were sitting very close with hands in hand. She went there and tried to talk to Percy but he didn’t pay attention. He was not talking to her from one month. It was not Percy who dumped her it was she who started all that. But why is she feeling sad and angry when Percy was talking to someone. She hated him because he lied to her, he was cheating her. He was talking with other girls while they were in relationship. But what was wrong in talking with other girls. She herself has many male friends much more than Percy has female friends. Percy knew about them but he never objected.  Then why she was so much mad when he talked one of her friend.

Aina and Percy met in college fest. Percy was participating in debate and poetry. He was a good writer and poet. He got second position after Vivek who was one of Aina’s friends in poetry and first position in debate.  Aina congratulate Percy also on his success. Percy was happy he was very frank and jolly nature. He got the quality of making friends very soon. Many students liked his poetry. He became popular. Aina became fan of his poetry. Soon Percy’s poetry and stories started to be published in college magazine and newspapers. Aina searched for him which was not difficult task for her as she has many friends. Percy was one year senior. She wanted to talk him and got a chance, Percy was sitting in the canteen. He was alone that day. Aina went to him and started to chat.

“Hi”

“Hi” Percy smiled.

“So… why are you sitting alone?” Aina found the words to talk.

“Sometime loneliness is better than a big company.”

“Wow! Philosophy!” Aina smiled and sit near him.

“Not philosophy, just a thought. What would you like? Tea, coffee or noodles which are your favorite?”

“How do you know that?” Aina smiled with a surprise. She immediately got hint that Percy also liked her and he was also keeping news about her.

“You normally eat noodles in canteen, I have seen many times.”

“So you are keeping an eye on me? Huh?” Aina made an angry face which was surely showing that she was happy by knowing but trying to show anger.

“Not like that.” Percy was speechless. He was caught. But he also wanted to be caught because how could he tell Aina about his likeness.

“Ok, let’s order noodles.” Aina didn’t stretch the topic. She also wanted to talk to him and was happy to know that Percy was also interested. So there story started on a plate of noodles.

Soon they become good friends. Their meetings were increasing. Phone number was exchanged in second meeting. Now they were keeping track of each other by wtsapp. Actually this wtsapp software brought many people very close, easy and affordable. From morning till evening they were busy in chatting each other even in class.

Aina was getting ready for college her mobile rang. It was the wtsapp message tone. Who is this? There were a lot of friends who messaged her daily. It was Percy, he was not coming to collage today. There were some guests in his home so he took today’s leave. “Oh No. what will I do in college without you?” She messaged him in reply. “Study” there was a simple reply she got.

“Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu” it was her style when she was showing that she is angry.

“Arey Yaar, how can I come? My uncle is coming from Mumbai. I must be here. Otherwise I would come to meet you.”

“Ok, But I will be bored without you.”

“J Sorry dear, if I will be free early I will come to you flying.”

“Oh shut up, now I am getting ready.”

“TTYL, TC”

She called Percy when she got break from lectures. Percy took the phone he was with his family. She asked whether she called at wrong time. He said “No, its ok. We can talk.”

“But your parents will be angry.”

“Not at all, they will be happy. If you want to talk I can give phone to my mom.”

“Really, Ok, I am ready.” Aina told him. She was sure that he was bluffing. But she didn’t know that Percy was serious. He asked his mom that his friend wanted to talk to her. Aina listened all on phone. She was nervous know. She was not ready. But what she could do now?

Percy told her that his mom is ready and coming in the other room to talk to her. She told him that she is not ready. Now Percy was surprised because he had told her mom about her. He didn’t react on her and said his mom that phone is cut. He promised her that he will let her talk to his friend next time. His mom didn’t object and didn’t questioned that why he can’t redial the number.

Now Percy asked Aina why she behaved liked this. Aina got no proper answer. She told that she was only testing him. She was not sure that he will give phone to his mom. Anyway there was no fight on this issue, Percy didn’t create any problem on this. Their friendship comes to next step 

.

***

To be continued—

