Romantic Short Story – You are my Bliss

Photo credit: 

 from 

As she was ruffling through his written work to synchronise it into a draft, with her headphones on; he whispered those magical words every girl would dream to hear from a guy like him. “I love you” he uttered. She just took a small pause and then again continued arranging the papers. He couldn’t understand her reaction and so said it again, a bit louder now. “I love you” he said. Her reaction took him aback for a second.

“Yeah, I heard it the first time you said. Good! It’s good to love people” she almost snapped.

“No, not that way…I mean I really love you…it’s true love…I know I can feel it and I know you feel the same” he said.

She took a deep breath, kept the papers aside, looked at the screen and said it with a stern tone, “Okay fine…you love me, I love you. So? What’s next? Have you given any thought to it?”.

“Next? I didn’t get you” he gave her a puzzled look.

“Oh so, you are thinking now that we have expressed our feelings to each other we should enter into the girlfriend-boyfriend phase; irrespective of the fact that we are not getting younger by age, enjoy the heightened hormones and when it’ll come to taking this relationship to the next level, someone from either of our families would object, create a havoc out of nothing and then we’ll have to walk away from each other and that’s how it’ll end. So, no thank you! I am happy to remain alone for the rest of my life than being “tortured” by emotional turmoil anymore”.

He listened to her patiently and with that smile on his face; which she secretly always fell for, he said, “Breathe girl! Do you think I wouldn’t have thought about all this before expressing my feelings to you? All I wanted to know what you felt for me and the way you responded…wow….that was just so you! The strong one, the no nonsense girl especially when it comes to her emotions, one who would love so, so deeply without anyone knowing about it, the one who has been hurt by love but, still doesn’t hate to fall in love again, the one who wants to be loved but, needs to be assured of its concrete presence and is not hiding the need! Do you know how much I love this attitude of yours?”.

She listened to him in amazement, trying hard not to get smitten by his sweet talk, after all he was a writer, he knew how to play with words. He continued, “I have already spoken to my family and believe me they were happy as hell. I didn’t know my Mom loved you so much and Dad…he said…”She is too good for you, boy. Are you sure you are worth for a girl like her? Ask her first! Don’t you dare force her to say yes. And if at all…mind it…if at all she agrees to marry a guy like you, don’t you ever think that she would be alone here. She’ll be my favourite daughter and you’ll be considered only after her. Am I clear enough?” I mean you have not even entered my house and I am already their second choice!”

Now, she couldn’t hold her happiness and tears rolled down her cheeks as she smiled, like never before! He looked at her, smiled and said, “I so want to hug you right now!”. She smiled even more now. He lovingly looked at her. The shell was finally shattered! He then said, “And don’t you worry about your family….We’ll speak with them.”

A tear rolled down his eyes and despite his efforts he couldn’t hide it. She immediately asked, “What happened?” He somehow gathered himself and said, “Since the day we started talking, I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you but, was always scared to break the walls you had built around yourself. I always wanted to be my lady’s Knight in shining armour. That’s a different thing you were the Knight in our story” he chuckled. If we wouldn’t have met…I don’t know what would have happened to me. You would have excelled, I know!” “That’s true!” she said tauntingly. He felt the bliss he attained in her…”You were right to say that no one is sent to you without a reason!” Deep inside she felt the bliss too!

They looked at each other; anybody could see that love was still sparkling in their eyes. The photographer asked them to look forward and smile. Before the camera could click, he kissed her on her wrinkled cheeks and she blushed the same way she did when he kissed her for the first time. It was their 40th wedding anniversary!

–END–

