The Monsoons – Short Story Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sitting on the balcony sipping a nice cup of coffee, enjoying the grey skies, with cool winds blowing through my hair, the sounds of the rustles and bustles of leaves and watch the raindrops as they slowly trickle down the rosebuds, the balcony and a drop in my cup of coffee. My silence was broken with the footsteps of Rahul and as he was walking he exclaimed …

“I love the smell of the freshly wet sand! It reminds me of the very first day we had met at the coffee shop, do you remember Meera?”

The first cup of coffee, we had shared, the conversation, then the walk across the road holding hands, I cherish every moment we have spent together, until date. I actually miss those walks, those were lovely moments. Tears rolls down Meera’s cheeks, as she wipes them, recollecting their meeting.

Meera met Rahul in the coffee shop for the first time. Rahul had seen Meera’s profile on the matchmakers site and recollected the face. However he had approached her by saying,” Excuse me maa’m!”

Pointing towards the book she had on the table, he says, can I have a look at it, the cover page of it looks very interesting. Before she could even speak, he continued, saying, Let me introduce myself. I’m Rahul and a Creative Director and he hands his Business card to her. Meera offers him a seat. He offers her a cup of coffee and there began their conversation. Just then the winds started blowing hard and the flowers and leaves were been carried through the strong winds. Looks like it is going to rain, shall we move inside and sit asked Rahul and as both agreed and shifted, taking the coffee in the hand, the first rain drop falls in the cup of coffee.

Meera and Rahul knew one another for about 3 years and decided to get married. Rahul’s parents had opposed and with great struggle Rahul and Meera had convinced the families and got the wedding date fixed. As the D- Day neared the wait became all the more longer.

Seven years of togetherness as we spend today, I’m thankful for every small grace, God has showered on us and I only miss one thing is that I’m unable to run, dance nor walk today, yet you have loved and love me as you did seven years back. I Love you more than anything in this world, as Rahul bends to give her a hug, Meera holds Rahul tight and cries!

Rahul carries her and walks into the dining hall and prepares some nice hot bajji’s for her, as they share a nice evening enjoying the monsoons. Meera Smiles and says,

“I loved you, love you and will continue to love you ever more for you have been with me when I could stand on my own legs and even today when I’m not!”

__END__

