Short Story – Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

I really wanted to write a story but never took it seriously that I can write one. I really like reading romantic books. This is the only type of book which I really enjoy reading. My life till now has been pretty good and I have learnt many things in my life which could help me in living my rest of the life. One thing which I have learnt and I want everyone to think about is that we should enjoy living as we just have one life. We don’t know when god calls us.

20th June 2012 day was very special for me. I got a girl which I was looking for from last 2 years. Her name is sakshi. Let me tell you something about her. She is from Nepal. She is a very kind hearted person and a very understanding person. I met her long back In 2008. She was studying in Doon girls and I was studying in welham boys’ school. Both these school are located in dehradun, India. Dehradun is famous for its school and it is also famous for its beauty. My school organised a joint production with Doon girls.

At that point of time we really didn’t knew about relationship and love. We were very excited to do a play with doon girl. We started practicing together a month ago the play was going to take place. It was an Easter play. I saw sakshi there. I really liked her but didn’t had guts to tell her. Now when I ask her that if I could had told you that I really like you at that point of time then what could have been your reaction. She says javed I would had started crying. The feeling for her was stored in my heart and I was not able to forget it.

After 2 years I found her on Facebook. I sent her a friend request and she accepted it. I felt good that a girl who i did a play with when I was in class 5 stills remembers me. I was wrong. She didn’t remember. I tried recalling her but she was not able to recall it. It was not my year. We used  to just talk on Facebook and that also hi and sup. After these words our conversation should stop. This almost happened for  an year. In December 2011 our conversation started increasing. I was getting a good feeling from inside. On one if our conversation she told me that when she will get a phone I will be the first person to receive a call. I felt special.

21st may 2012 was a day when we started getting closer. I was feeling good and I was having a positive feeling. We started talking a lot . Let me remind you. She did what she told me . I was the first person to receive a call from her wen she got a phone. I didn’t receive her call as she called at night and I was sleeping with my day. I felt bad and got a feeling that she might have also felt bad. I apologised to her and she forgave me. The next day I called her up and had a good talk. We started getting closer to each other. Let me remind tell you one thing. We haven’t seen each other and the last we saw each other was the Easter play which we did in junior school. She started sharing her problem and I used to help her to solve it. After every time I used to help her she used to send me a heart and kiss emotions. I thought she has starting liking me. Now she told me that the emotions were sent by megha.

Megha is sakshi’s sister and now she is also my good friend. Megha was sending emotions just for fun but I took it seriously. I also developed a feeling for her. I was scared on how to tell sakshi that I liked and loved her a lot. I didn’t knew what to do. So on 20 June 2012 in the evening at 4 pm with full confident I asked her out and told her about my feeling. This all happened on Facebook. She said yes but still she was not sure of getting into relationship or nt. After thinking for sometime she said yes to me. This increased our conversation and our day didn’t go good if we did t talk.

Our summer vacation got over and we were back to our school. She used to study in welham girls school which is 100 meter away from my school. On a festival I sent her a box of chocolate with a letter. I got a reply. I was really tough reading the letter. She wrote that she no more wants to stay in relationship. She told me to reply for the last time but I didn’t replied. I was feeling really bad. I tried forgetting her but couldn’t forget her fully.

Now when I asked her about why she had a breakup with me and she told me because of peer pressure. I totally understand her so I am with her till now.She was not able to stay without me. She wanted to leave her life with me. In September 2012 a month after our breakup I got a long 4 page letter with the starting page written with pink colour which made me melt for her again. In the letter she had  written that she wanted to get back with me as she realised her mistake of not thinking by her own and listening to others. She had also written that its all on me and she is not forcing me.

I replied. I felt good after receive letters from her. We were back again and I prayed to god that we stay together forever. We hadn’t  meet each other till now and the last time we saw each other was when did a play together. I got a golden opportunity to meet her but I didn’t meet her. I regret the fact that why didn’t I meet her. I was taking part in the district athletics championship and just to meet me she also took part in this competition. We crossed each other and saw each other many times but didn’t approach each other as I think our ego was to big. I think it was all my fault. I should have approached her. I lost a golden opportunity to meet her.

Now I didn’t knew when shall we meet again. I went for I.P.S.C athletics and was hoping that she will be there but she didn’t come. I received a letter which was given to me by one of her friend. I opened the letter and I got apology from that she was not able to come. I had developed a true feeling for her which may take many years to die or it will die when I die.

Our winter vacation started and I received a birthday card and a letter from her. She touched my heart and the smell which I could get from the card killed me. We both have our birthday in december. As her birthday was 5 days after my birthday. I bought a teddy and a card which I gave it to her. I didn’t knew the fact that she was allergic to teddies but still she hugs the teddy and give the teddy a kiss assuming that the teddy is me before sleeping. These thing which she does really makes me love her more and more everyday and things which I do for her makes her love me more and more as told by her.

We had our baddest month of our relationship which is December. Nothing can be worst than the things which happened between us  during this month. The whole December we fought and mostly all the fights that we had were because of me. I was at wrong but still fought with her. I still regret why did I fight with her. All these made us hate each other but we loved each other more than we hated each other.

In this month I made many friends and they were Anita who was my best friend, rhea and navya. I used to Talk a lot to these people which really affected our relationship. On 27th of December 2012 we had a breakup and it was a mutual decision. I again felt bad and wanted to come back but I controlled myself. After 2 days I got a call from her that she want to get back. I told her I need to think about this and asked her for a weeks time. She called me everyday. I was staying in dehradun and she was in Nepal.

I again started liking her and came back in a relationship with her. I  really don’t know why I can’t forget her as I have tried many time but couldn’t. Our schools reopened and we didn’t talk but just wrote letters to each other. I received a lot of letters from her but could only reply some of them as I had my board examination coming up. I knew she understood my problem. My board exam got over and I did pretty well. I was waiting for my results with my heart beat increasing day by day.

In the month of April I got a phone to school and also sent a phone to her so that we could be in touch. We started talking a a lot. We talked for almost 3 hours every night. Our  liking and love for  each other increased everyday. My boards result really came out and I scored well. I think she was lucky for me as my life really faced some changes when she entered my life. I was liking my life a lot now. Our vacation started.She  left for Kathmandu and I stayed back in school for hockey camps. I left for home after 15 days. Usually I go by train but this time I didn’t. I took a flight from Delhi to Kathmandu. She lives in Kathmandu and I live in briganj. Briganj is located on the  south border of Nepal.

 I reached Kathmandu and I called her up just to know the place were I had to come to meet her. She started crying. I got worried and happiness on my face couldn’t be seen more.

I asked her to stop crying but she was not ready to. She told me that she can’t come to meet me and cried more. Her parents were not allowing her to go out of the house. I felt bad and said to myself,”better luck next time boy”. I tried consoling her but she really wanted to meet me. I understood her problem and didn’t get angry with her. In the evening I travelled back home. I called her up to tell her that I have reached safely. She cares about me a lot so do I. We can’t  see each other crying.

On 20 June 2013 we completed an year of our relationship. After fighting so much we still loved each other and cared about each other. We completed an year. We didn’t realise the fact how time passed. We finally started skyping this holidays. We skyped for 3 hrs every night and we just want to see each other. She doesn’t talk to any boy because I don’t like it. I am very possessive and don’t want to loose her. She does this just to see me happy  and don’t get angry with her. She says,” I can’t see you sad. It hurts me when you are sad.  I don’t want anything. I just want you”. She touches my heart sometimes. I have asked her many times that why does she still love me after I fight with her? She say that there is something inside you which makes me love you and the thing inside you doesn’t let me forgot you.

My life with her is still going on and I want it to last forever. Her love towards me is more than my love towards her. We can’t live without each other and want to move forward in life towards. We share our pain together and we love each other a lot. Life is full of love and you should be a person who should be loved by everyone. Remove the hatred from your heart and start loving person you hate.  Love is not just loving girlfriend but it is more than that. Love is a big word. Love your parents who bought you in this world and gave you everything you wanted. Love your friends who stands by you . Lastly love yourself and live everyday happily.

-Javed Ahmed

