Love Short Story – LOVE – A BIT CLOSER TO HEAVEN

Photo credit: 

 from 

” The thing which I fear of the most is .. . . LOVE ” said Samar. He had an ironic feeling when he hears anything about love.

I asked ” Why ?.. What is the thing that bothers you when you feel about LOVE ? ” .

O’h , by the way I forgot to introduce myself . I am Raghuveer , blood friend(best friend) of Samar. I need to tell all about his affairs in love as I am curious about them . I ran upon him at Kendriya Vidyalaya when I was a nursery kid . I gotta know about him there.

I had a strange feeling when I met him for the first time . He then said ” He..yy. Waa…t is your na…me ? ” .

I replied in the same manner as I used to stammer when I was a kid . He shook hands with me and we used to sit in the same bench. He was a smartpants as he knew a lot about the ongoing things at that very tender age . This reminds me of the year 2002 when we were in the fourth grade.

I thought of an idea that I would propose to a beautiful girl when she enters my life. It was that time when my dream was about to be fulfilled. Priya , a girl with honey-brown coloured eyes, fair toned and a childlike smile had made me become mad about her . But she had a tomboy kind’a behaviour.

She was a new-comer to our school . We thought of making friends with her. Samar said ” Arrey yaar ! Let’s get her to introduce to us . It’ll be a lot of fun . New girl na ” .

I said ” No . We should make friends only if she wishes to . ” I got this mature feeling at the early age of 9 .

He said ” Ok then “.

Time passed by and we reached to 7th grade. It was then that I along with my buddy (Samar) got shifted to St.Peter’s High school for boys. We shifted to this school because we got to know that sports is better supported by their staff. In our KV school, we had no sports period from 7th grade . I and Samar,were a part of our school cricket team. So,in St.Peter’s , we started to participate in the cricket team . We were invited to the sports selections . On the day of selections, I sensed a typical kind’a disorderness in myself. I approached Samar ,” Hey buddy . I don’t think that I can make it to the selections today “.

“Are you thinking of Priya ?” asked me in a low tone with curiosity.

” I..I d..on’t know . I am unable to think about her . I got fascinated when I saw her for the first time . ”

He said ” Ok . Leave it to me . I will find her whereabouts.”

I hesitated to tell him that what to do . I told him not to tell her anything about this incident.

A day later, i was in my room reading some sort of Japanese manga ( comics ) . The door bell rang and I saw Samar standing infront of me with a grin. I asked him ” What’s the matter ? ” .

He gave me a small piece of paper and to my surprise, I saw Priya’s address written on it. I looked at him with some serious expression .

He said ” Don’t give me any tough-guy kind of look “. I told him that I don’t know what to do.

I thought of writing a love letter to her . It is as follows:

Then was the time when I , with all my courage , took a decision that I would post this to her. Samar knew this before-hand as he knew a lot about my inner conscience.

He came and took me to her house and said ” Ok. Now’s the time. Hurry up and go near Priya’s house and deliver the letter.

I got stuck and said ” What about her response ?” .

He said ” No worrying . Send it to her and believe yourself ” .

I kept running here-and-there . She saw me at last after 20 minutes of my trials . I made a paper rocket and placed the letter in it and threw at the balcony , where she was standing . She saw it and became furious . She crushed the paper and threw it away . Before she called anyone , I escaped from there.

After that incident , I saw here barely a 10 times for the whole next year . Then I hadn’t visited her even once . It was the year of 2009, when I reached class XI . It was the time for admissions in a junior college . Samar accompanied me too . We got entrance in SVK College in the MPC stream(Maths , Physics and , Chemistry) . On the first day , I was astonished to see that Priya was studying in the same college in Biology stream (BiPC). I had no words . I was overwhelmed on seeing her .

I regularly visited her class as one of my school friends were in the same class . She saw me but had no signs of joy and happiness on seeing me after a long time . We completed class XI and it was the time for annual day celebrations . I saw her performing for a folk song . I screamed at my full strength . Later on , fresh thoughts came into my mind . One year passed by , and we completed class XII. Now’s the time for holidays . Later I would pursue for entrance in engineering .

One day , I saw her at Kalabharti stadium for a counselling procedure seminar . She saw me but hadn’t took a clear notice of me . She went away in fury . I was distressed .

I tried to contact her . I tried and tried . Atlast I got to know her mobile number . I rang her number and she said ” You’re a big flirt . I don’t know about you . I am in a relationship status . I’ll never fall for your tricks . ”

Before I could say anything she disconnected the call.

I felt bad , but later on thought of her reason for her anger .

I walked in the rain , with a smile on my shy face , looking for a bright future ahead .

__END__

