Short Story Heart Break – In the Shadow of the Sun

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Sam Emmanuel was an ordinary man in his early 20s, quite young enough to have a bright future ahead. Even though he had a personality that was influential to certain people, he wasn’t much of a gregarious one. Evading a socially active lifestyle and moreover even his family, he sat in his crib having a glass of wine in his hand and surrounded by his artworks, his paintings. No one ever knew that he could do a da Vinci. He wasn’t always like that. Stripped off his self, confidence,ego  and everything, he pushed himself to a dark intellectual where no one could find him.

Martha,the only ray of hope,the sunshine,the little life left in Sam. She was the girl who everyone wanted in their lives,but nobody could have. The artist Sam and his 

 had loved each other for a big span of time,from the good old days to the isolated life of Sam. Their love was unaccounted for. You could leave them for days and still they would be found in each other’s arms. But love wasn’t enough for Martha. Where Sam could not be himself with anyone except her,Martha didn’t need his presence every time.

Sam and Martha had fights,they had cried over and over again but everything failed. She could not resist her urge to be with people who were totally opposite to the laconic Sam. She could not bear with him anymore but the only thing that she wasn’t able to desert him was the love they had,the times they shared,the sleepless nights they spent together. Sam confined himself to her,the subjects of his paintings being love,rage,sadness. His ideas became corrupted to the general beliefs of a person,his life became a total ravage. There was no one he could seek,neither Martha nor the God. Her public appearances galvanized his hate against her and he became a egregious bloke whom no one wanted to have.

The constraints of the society overcame his will to live anymore. For the one person he ever loved Martha, became the society. The one person for whom he left the world had belied his love for her. His presence in her life became a burden to be carried along because the baby in her womb would not get a father if she left. For countless number of times,Sam had begged for her love to be only for him,for the care to be only for him,for her life to be just with him. She paid no heed to the degenerate life of Sam Emmanuel. The SAM,who was once the shining knight of his friends,family,Martha. The SAM,who could pacify you. That Sam was no more than a ladder to be stepped on.

His life being a total waste,he was left in despair 

__END__

