Love Short Story – Reunion of Soulmates

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sitting in the coffee shop, Sameera was anxiously waiting for someone. She was in South Ex , New Delhi. So many times the door opened but he did not appear. She already had  3 cups of coffee. She was so confused , what to do next. Her discomfort was increasing. She could not breathe properly. Sameera was lost. Gradually she came out. Her mind was in vacuum.

She moved towards the same bus, with which they used to travel.  Shocked Sameera boarded the bus and anyhow reached her  home.  She was recalling the scene of two months ago.

Once she was waiting for her bus . She was about to go back to her home ,  from South Ex to Lawrence Road.

Sameera was a very beautiful and nice girl. She always used to laugh and smile. She always remain in the jolly mood. But what happened to her , why was  she completely broken. Now she had languid and pale face, lost eyes , wet eyelids and broken-heart. All of sudden , she lost her consciousness.

——-

Around two months back ,  she was cracking jokes with her friends and waiting for the bus. She saw a young boy from South India there. He was asking the way to his office holding a paper. He came to Sameera and asked to help him .

Sameera ,” Perhaps you are new to this area. ”

The boy begged ,” yes,yes . Kindly help me.”

Jokingly Sameera told him the opposite way.

The boy , ” Krishna ” ,  hired an Autorikshaw and left. After so many left and right twists ,  Krishna was standing there only from where he started. Auto driver charged and left smilingly.

Krishna was furiously waiting for the next day. On the very next day at the same time Sameera came to the stop in a jolly mood.

Suddenly Krishna appeared to her, ” enjoyed ?  Made me fool yesterday? ”

Sameera was shocked and scared too. It was happening for the first time . After such incidents no one comes back.

All of sudden Krishna started laughing loudly ,” hahaha you made me fool.” Sameera also supported him in laughing.

And since their stop was same , they became friends gradually. They started sharing their interests, hobbies etc. Once Krishna invited her for a cup of coffee in the nearby coffee shop.

And it became a routine thereafter.

——–

Once Krishna could not come to see Sameera.  She waited and left the place.  But some new feeling emerged and hurting her.She had thoughts of  Krishna only.

For the next two consecutive days he did not appear.

On the  third day as soon as he appeared Sameera  shouted angrily,” Where have you gone ? Could not make a call even ? I was so worried about you . From the  last  two nights I could  not sleep  even. You idiot. Where were you ?  Now why don’t you speak something? ”

Astonished Krishna could not speak a single word. He could not digest Sameera’s transformation.

Affectionately he Looked into her  eyes and asked ,” calm down Sam. Actually I had to visit my town suddenly. But for two days only I was not there. I mean what is wrong with you?  ”

Sameera now understood her fault. She subsided at once.

Krishna asked ,” Hey Sam! come on. May I call you Sam ? I am your friend . Tell me about your feelings. Do you love me Sam? ”

Sameera was blushing.

Krishna ” Oh Thank God you realized.”

Sameera was amazed to listen him,  ” means …you ….. earlier …….when……never realized.In your absence only I realized that how much I ……….”

Krishna ” complete your words please. But you know there is a huge difference between us regarding  our customs and all.”

” If we are together, then everything will be manageable. Krishna ! do you feel the same? ” Sameera asked politely .

Krishna replied ” yes I do. But promise me that we will always remain  good friends.”

Sameera nodded.

She got  bliss of love.

Then what happened  to her? Really an amazing question arises . Everything seems like a perfect love story . All of sudden the loneliness, broken heart and wet eyelids? There must be some serious issue.

——

Prior to Diwali festival once Krishna told Sameera that he would be leaving for Gharsana as there is a relaunch of my new branch. Watching my potential my seniors decided to send me there for five days only.

Gharsana is a town in Rajasthan (India) very near to Pakistan border or LOC.

Krishna  ” Sam I will be back soon. Do not need to worry about . OK? ”

Sameera was not ready for such separation.

Sameera ” Please don’t go Krishna. Can’t you send anyone else there ? Please Krishna.”

Krishna ,” OK, OK ,  just relax. See, I like taking challenges . And I can achieve promotion , If  I could prove myself. During Diwali vacations you can enjoy with your family . I will be back soon. ”

Reluctantly Sameera nodded and gave her consent.

——

It was  a dark  horrible night. Krishna was walking after having his dinner. All of sudden he was suffocating . He was unable to breathe properly. But he tried to check  that what is going wrong with him. Within a couple of minutes he was unconscious.

Suddenly Sameera woke up . Her  body was drenched with sweat.It was 4 am. She left the bed and started walking in excessive stress.

She was badly scared. She knew something wrong must happen. I must stop Krishna to leave to Gharsana.

——

After finishing the last day’s work , Krishna was so relaxed . He was missing Sameera very much . Today he realized how much he loved  her. He sighed , ” Oh!  Sameera, I am missing you  badly.”

Suddenly he started chocking. Someone was pulling him badly. Krishna became unconscious in a couple of minutes.

Barely he  opened  his eyes. He was in the prison of Pakistan. They accused him of being a spy.

——

On he fifth day evening Sameera was waiting for Krishna. Her father was watching the news . Sameera accompanied him. Her breath was uprooted. They were telling that Pakistani intruders caught some Indian civilians at Rajasthan -Pakistan Border, and accused them as spy.

Sameera fainted immediately. Her father was shocked to see her like this.

Next day she left home earlier as she wanted to confirm that if the news was regarding Krishna or not . All the way she was praying for the safety of Krishna.

She reached Coffee Shop and saw that there was a warm discussion going on.  She was about to sit to wait for Krishna as his mobile was not responding.

Someone called her ,”hey ! mam, do you know about that guy. He was an Indian spy. It’s coming in the news only.”

“Whaaaa……t Sssss……….py? No not at all. He is a very nice boy. ” Sameera responded .

She also had a look of news where Krishna’s name was announced. She was stunned to hear .

He was now in the Pakistani prison.

She was returning back  with heavy heart. Now you can connect that why was she  so shocked.

——-

Sameera mumbled ,” I can’t lose you. You are my soulmate, Krishna.You have to come back .”

Sameera told the whole story to her parents and begged them to help him.

Her father was in a deep thought. Being a very kind hearted person he asked Sameera to search the contact nos .of the home ministry. She started the search.

On the very next day they went to the ministry and filed a petition for Krishna. Sameera requested them to make a process to release Krishna and rest of all. She begged them for mercy.

By the end of the month, with the help of  the news they got  the information that some people are released from Pakistan. Sameera had a sigh of relief. The released people are kept in AIIMS  hospital, New Delhi.

Sameera looked at her father with hope filled eyes. Her father patted her with love and assured her to visit AIIMS next day.

The night was too long and never ending for Sameera. She was very restless to see Krishna.

She was ready early in the morning. Sameera reached the hospital along with her father. There was a great rush of media person and all. Hardly they revealed Krishna. Krishna was lying on the bed unconsciously. Sameera could not control and started crying badly, ” Papa ! look at him. What happened to him . He is my Krishna Papa . He is my soulmate ,Krishna, Papa.”

They were not allowed to go inside as they had no relation with Krishna. Someone was watching them carefully for a long time. She was Krishna’s mother.

Krishna whispered, ” Sam , soo…..rrrry Saaaam .  I left without informing you. Please come my soul mate . ple…..ase come.”

Krishna’s mother came to Sameera and caller her in.  Sameera shuddered  and went inside.

Sameera touched Krishna’s forehead and  started crying , ” Krishna!!!! what happened to you ? please open your eyes .please. Come on my soul mate. I can’t live without you anymore. ”

Krishna opened his eyes slowly. He could feel Sameera  very well.

He rejoiced watching his love  there. Both were crying with joy . There  boundless love can not be tied into words. Their  true  emotions were beyond the limits.

It was a great reunion of soulmates .

__END__

