Short Story of FIRST LOVE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Do we ever forget our first love? Becky asked me this simple and challenging question. What could i answer? The first answer i gave her came in a question form. “Have you ever loved or feel loved by someone?”. This was the beginning of a long talk nine of us thought could take us almost that whole day.

“Absolutely yes”, she said answered confidently with a tone that openly showed how hungry she was to get the next answer from me, i asked her to share her love story with me and after a short time if dilly dallying, she opened up to me and this is how it went. Becky fell in love with Jesse ten years ago when she was a teenager. She was madly in love with him that even exchanged vows to marry each other above all the sweet nothings they shared as a ‘young couple’

She admits that she has never loved any man like she loves Jesse and despite the fact that they had to part way due to unavailable circumstances as she put it, she has never forgotten him to date. Break ups are normal at least, that i know but something that leaves me perplexed is how they had to break up. Becky tells me that Jesse impregnated a older woman and had to marry her despite being in a relationship with her.

No matter how hard it was for Jesse to admit his mistake, he still did it and went on his knees beseeching Becky to accept him back despite the pain.

She received this heart breaking news immediately after she completed her high school education and coming back home fully anticipating to start a new life with her long-term boyfriend and love Jesse. She cried her heart out and later convinced herself that was the end of their love story. ‘It was so painful that i could not accept him back,’ she explained amid tears.

To me, these tears only meant that the thoughts were still fresh in her mind and the wound was still fresh in her heart! Oh poor thing, there is nothing much i could help to at least wipe off her tears since from the look of things, they were coming from deep within!

–END–

