Love Short Story – The VOID that cries through her..

Photo credit: 

 from 

There 

 was, holding her, wrapped in his arms. Nothing could make her feel more secure. 

 was smiling, heart filled with happiness. He gave her all that she needed- love, care, affection, arms to hug, chest to lean on, lap to sleep on. He was her hero, her everything, a part of her, her world. Her life felt complete. She did not know what it was to be sad. Everything was just perfect. She got all that she liked, before she even thought about it. She was the happiest, she was the luckiest. People envied her. Little did she care. For her, it was just she and her little world.

Never did she imagine that, there could be a darker side too, for she never knew what dark was like, until one night, when her sixth sense pulled her into a nightmare, a vivid horror of him being pulled away from her. In that terrific dream, there he was, with his eyes closed, not moving, and there she was screaming loud, asking him to wake up. He did not. He never did, for it was not a dream, it was real, the worst was happening.

Tears flooded. He was gone. To where? People say, he is now in a different world., Who has seen? They say he is one among the stars now., Who has seen? They say he is born somewhere., Who has seen? They say he is seeing her., Who has seen? ..She smiled. Smiling can be painful, she now realized. But she had to mask her pain, for her world is now different, without him, it was just vacuum. He left a void in her life, in her heart, which she knew would remain so, and never be filled. Everything seemed empty.

She learnt to live in her new world. Life should move on, she said to herself. Everything, every moment reminds her of him- the daylight, the dark night, the dawn, the dusk, the rains, the sunshine, the stars, the breeze, the thunder, the chirp, the rustle. But she knows he is not with her, he is gone. She is now the master of her tears, they flow down only with her consent. She is brave.

She then decides to go in search of him, to his arms again, to her world again. After moments she realizes that she has people around her, for whom she is the world, like he was to her. So she decides to give it time. She decides to live for now, to fulfill what could have been his dreams and lives as though they are her own dreams. She built a wall, to not anybody else consider her as the world. It is just she and her new little world now.

But few people climbed the wall. She was scared. She raised the wall higher, made it stronger. Nobody can now enter her world. People think she is crazy, she is insane. She smiles. She knows what she is up for. She doesn’t want to abandon anyone, she doesn’t want to delay her journey to him. She is just here for the people in her world now. She is all set to start her journey, to find him, her everything. She is just waiting for the right time.

As she waits, the VOID still remains..

-P.S. My Attempt To Write

__END__

