My love and I on a lazy winter morning…

Photo credit: 

 from 

The morning sun started knocking the doors of my eyes… The cool breeze said to me it is time to wake up. I said few minutes more please and slept again. I wanted to sleep more, only if these guys allowed me to sleep. The sun intensified his eyes on me causing my eyes to burn. I finally gave in and woke up scolding the sun. I did not knew why sun went all crazy.

“Was he mad that I could sleep this long while he could not because he had to wake up the world?” I thought. And then the first sight of my day…

I have barely opened my eyes to see… I saw HER… She was standing so far to me. I rubbed my eyes to see her clearly for what a beauty she was. I couldn’t take my eyes of her. A cool breeze started to flow, I felt like a lover and she was my love. I wanted to be near her. I want to talk to her. I want to tell her how I feel about her then and there. But I couldn’t even move.

Was I paralyzed that I couldn’t walk to her…?

 Was I illiterate that I was searching for words to tell I felt for her…?

All I could do was to stare at her as if there was no tomorrow and I knew that even if that was the last day of my life, it only feels good that I had seen her

 ……

 Another morning…

 I did not know why I felt that I can see her again. It only felt that I was destined to meet her. The anticipation that I would see her again kept me stirring inside. I woke well before the sun and started to wait for the light to see her. The sun woke up and started to wake the world up.

I loved my eyes that they could see her in the beautiful sun light. I loved the breeze that touched me because it gave me the feel of her freshness. I loved the winter because even sun light felt wonderful. I wanted to talk to her… I wanted to walk to her… I wanted to tell her that we are destined to meet and destined to live together. But why couldn’t I move.

Was I chained that I couldn’t move towards her…?

 Was I stoned in her beauty that my body resisted my mind…?

All day and all noon I kept staring at her. Her beautiful face, attractive neck line, pleasing bosom, pretty bum… Staring at her was a passion, staring at her was a dream come true… I wanted to go by her. I wanted to take her hand into mine and say that I love her. I wanted to kiss her and show her my love for her…

Soon came the evening and the full moon helped me see her even in the dark. Was it the moonlight that gave me the happiness or was it seeing her in the moonlight that gave me moments to cherish my entire life. I couldn’t say who was beautiful she in the sun light or she in the moon light.

I have decided, if I have another day in my life, I would walk to her, talk to her and be with her for the rest of my life. With all the thoughts of her I never knew when I dozed off.

 ……

 “Why is this guy pulling me out, why is he throwing me in water, I didn’t know to swim. Why did he pull me out?”

 He pulled out a sharp knife, I have never seen him or knew him. I never harmed him or hurt him. “No, please don’t hurt me.” I shouted but he seemed not to be listening to me. Before I could make a move he stabbed me and cut me in half. I was helpless, all I wanted to do was to love and be loved. I then realized that I could not see my love. I started searching around, I wanted her to be safe. I prayed to the Almighty to keep her safe and happy. I saw the man who hurt me, he was smiling, “how wicked of him, how could he do this to me”, I thought.

I could feel something touching me, I looked at what it was, and it was red. I started checking where it was coming from. I understood that this guy hurt someone else too. I wished it would not be my love that was hurt. I knew God would listen to me and keep her safe. Whom I saw, broke my heart. I wanted to run and save. I wanted to kill this wicked ba***rd but I couldn’t move and I realized he paralyzed me cutting off my limbs. My love nearer to me but out of my reach.

“What do I do? What can I do? Can I save her? Is she saveable? Is this why God created me, to see her suffering, to see her blood flowing through the way, to see her dying? Why, why and why”

He threw her far away from me where I could not see her. I cursed the man, for killing her and me. I cursed myself that I could not save her. I cursed god that her made me look at all these. I was thinking and he threw me the same place he threw her. I saw her burning and so was I. I only hoped, that if I had another life, I wanted to be with her. And if God did not let that happen I would go on a war with Him. This is a warning to you Him…

 But what could I do… I was only a Carrot madly in love with my Tomato.

…not many love stories have a happy ending.

__END__

