Love Short Story – Desk’s Drawer

Photo credit: 

 from 

In this story,she is remembering after marriage ,the time which was spend with her lover in college days. Her husband comes at that time and she is happy in her present life.

In the kitchen I was busy with the preparation of lunch. At that time my mobile phone rings & on the display I saw a blue shirt person’s picture is blooming. That is my dearest husband’s call. A sweet smile take place on my face & I receive the phone.A bright voice comes from the opposite side.”Hello darling,I reached in the office”.

In reply I say “hmm…punctual employee,good”.

After me he says that”don’t worry darling I will be also a punctual husband,as usual 6 o’ clock in the evening”.

“Ok… ok Mr punctual,now you finish your works to become Mr punctual husband & let me finish my works too to become Mrs punctual, wife of Mr punctual”I replied.

“Great…so bye My would be Mrs punctual wife”he said & I replied “yeah,bye dear…see you in the evening”.

After the phone call I increase my speed to become Mrs punctual.

Today I take leave from my work to make the day special. No its not a special day, there is nothing to celebrate. But I want to celebrate my past , I want to spend some time with my old memories which give me such a beautiful life. I know it will sounding awkward that I want to celebrate my past though past always had a bitter experience, a bad time. As it is said that after every bad time there comes a good time and my bad time turns into good time by which person , I want to dedicate this day to him, I want to remember those golden days which was spend with him. And I can remember the day when I met with him for the first time.

That day as usual I reached college by the hostel bus with my friend Sikha. On that day we reached college before one hour to catch the person red handed who left a letter with a beautiful rose in my desk drawer everyday. We hurriedly went to our classroom but there was no one. So we decided to hide and wait for the person. After half an hour a person came and we became alert but he was the peon. so both of us felt disappoint.

I asked Sikha “does he will come today?”.

Sikha replied “don’t know ,the lecture will be start after half an hour. so lets wait for fifteen minuts more”.

I said in tired voice “ok, lets see”.

After fifteen minuts there was no one, we lost our patience & we just went to come out but at that time a person came in blue check shirt & blue jeans, an old black bag on his back, torn shoes & properly combed hair. First we doubted that does he is that person or not?, as we were fooled before. Then we saw that he went infront of my desk, looked outside the door then opened his bag & we saw that he brings out a letter with a red rose, putting it into my desk’s drawer. We shocked & silently stand just behind him. And when he turned back he was shocked to see us. A fear took place on his face. I opened my desk’s drawer & brought out that letter & red rose.

He was sweating being catched. I looked at his feared eyes & asked “did you write it?” .

He replied hurriedly “no,yes…no no…I mean”.

“so you are the person who everyday leave these in my desk’s drawer” I said.

He was silent & cleaning sweat from his face with his handkerchief. I opened the letter & asked him to read it. He was looking at us with shocked eyes. I again asked him in higher tone to read it. He forwarded his right hand towards me & took the letter. His hands were shivering. He started reading – Dear Mo…hi… I stopped him & told him to read the poem which was in the letter. He was not able to utter a single word properly out of fear & started to read the poem like this –

 You ha…have bea…u.

I snatched the letter from his hand & told him showing anger “does anyone read poem like this?Do you not ever read poems?Uttering every word by breaking it like a nursery student.

He was standing like a statue & sweating. I was feeling happy in my mind making him afraid. Then I started reading the poem. There was written that-

 You have beautiful blue eyes

 In which I want to stay in distinguish,

 Then no one can see me in your eyes

 Except my & your eyes.

 I want to spend with you my whole life,

 If you give me the right.

 You are a lovely princess with sweet smile

 I want to walk with you mile & mile.

 Believe me these all are not lies,

 I really want to be your prince with the red rose of medium size.

I read every single sentence & looked at him every time. He was still standing like a statue & became more afraid in my every look.

After I finished the poem Sikha asked that boy “you wrote it?”.

He nodded his head in yes. Sikha again asked “for me?”.

He replied hurriedly in higher tone “no no…its for your friend. All this letters & roses are for your friend”.

Seeing him tensed both of us laughed. Then he understood that we were just pulling his leg & a smile took place on his face. Everybody came for the class & we took our seats.

In the whole class that boy was staring at me, trying to read my face whether my answer is yes or no. After the class I went to the hostel bus & that boy was still looking at me, trying to know my answer.

Suddenly a cat comes into the kitchen & glasses falls by which sound I come out from my old memories . It was 2:30 p.m. I take my lunch ,clean the kitchen & then on 3:30 p.m I come to seat in the balcony with that diary where I kept all those letters & roses with love & care. I open a letter & remember that day when he gave it to me.

It was next day of our first meeting when I again got a letter & rose in my desk’s drawer. In the letter there was written that-

Dear Mohini,

 I don’t know did you understand my feelings through my poem or not. But I really want to express my feelings to you. Yesterday I was shocked to see you suddenly. For the first time you were standing in front of me. I was speechless & nervous seeing you closely first time. I was not able to utter a word out of fear. Now you know that the person who disturb you daily is me. So I thought I should write my thought about you. I don’t know when I fall in love with you but I know that now you are the person whom my heart loves a lot.

Yesterday my poem wants to say you that for me you are my princess & if you give me the right I will be glad to walk with you as your prince. I don’t know will I be able to fulfill all your dreams or not because I am not very rich, even my study is running with the help of the scholarship. But I can promise you that in every step of life you will find me always beside you. May be I will not be able to give you gold or diamond, but I will always gift you a medium size red rose. And like that rose’s colour my love will be deep & our relation will be beautiful. May be I will not be able to give you a rich lifestyle but will always give you a life where I will be always ready to hold your hand. If I fight with you, I will make you happy & if you fight with me, still I will make you happy. I just want you beside me in my every birth. I am waiting for your reply.

By the way , you are very intelligent, caught me very smartly. Trust me , I want to become caught by you every time, in every life.

 Yours & only yours Ayush.

After reading the letter I was not able to concentrate in the lecture. He was staring at me. I was feeling awkward by the situation. After the class I rushes to the hostel bus & went out without giving a reply. He was upset.

Everyday I got a letter & red rose of medium size in my desk’s drawer. He was upset for not getting a reply.Like this one week was over. Sunday came, I was looking at all his letters & roses.

At that time Sikha asked me “what are you doing?. If you love him then tell him the truth”.

I replied hiding my face “who told you that? I don’t love him”.

“oh… really & that’s why you kept his all letters & roses so carefully. Don’t try to make me fool. I am your best friend Mohini” Sikha said.

“Then why don’t you try to understand me Sikha. You know why I am silent. You know why I am not giving any reply. I can’t tell him No because I…& not even can tell him yes, because my life…Sikha please understand me” I cried & hugged Sikha.

Sikha said “calm down Mohini. I should understand your situation.Sorry, I am really very Sorry”.

Next day I went to college, opened the desk. I was shocked , there was no letter, no rose. I told to my mind that good he forgets me . I felt pain seeing empty desk, though I want to look happy. I was feeling that someone took my heart & going away from me. I looked at him & he was listening lecture. I was sad.

After the class Sikha came & gave me a letter. I asked her “what is this?”.

She replied “read it”.

I opend the letter. It was from Ayush. There was written in the letter that I want to talk to you.Please come at least for the last time. Waiting for you in the college park on 5.30 p.m.

“will you go?” sikha asked.

“Sikha time is came, I have to reply” I said.

In the evening on 5 o’ clock I reached in the park. Ayush was already waiting for me. He was standing in front of me & I want to print his face in my eyes as it was our last meeting.

He asked me “hi Mohini, how are you? I knew that you will come.

Instantly I turned back & said “listen I don’t love you. My answer is No. Now you got your answer,so please don’t try to disturb me again. Let make this our last meeting”.

He replied “I don’t believe it”.

I was shocked after heard it. Then he again said “if you don’t love me, you will not come here thirty minutes before.If you don’t love me, you will reply me before. If you don’t love me, you will not keep those letters & roses so carefully. you will throw them or destroy them, if you don’t love me. If you don’t love me, then you will not become upset after not getting any letter in your desk today. If you don’t love me, then you will not turn back & will say all these looking at me.

I was surprised to know that he understands my feelings & me very well. I made myself strong & turn back. I said him in high tone “stop all these rubbish, I have no feelings for you. You are not the person about whom I dream.So please leave me alone”.

He replied “please don’t lie.I know …

I shouted at him “please stop it”.

He was not believening on my reply. I became hyperd & suddenly fainted.And he hold me.

Next moment when I got my senses back I found myself on a hospital bed. In front of me there was my parents, Sikha & Ayush. Doctor said to me “congratulations Miss Mohini, you got your donor”.

I became tensed. Doctor again said “don’t worry, you need not to pay anything. Tomorrow we are going to do your operation”.

After said this doctor leaves. My parents put their hand on my head & leave with Sikha.

Ayush came nearer to me & sit on the bed. He told me “so, this was the reason, you were lying to me”.

I was silent. He again said in choked voice with tears in his eyes “please Mohini agree. Everything is final. My kidney matched with you. If I give you my one kidney I will not die but if you don’t agree you will…”

He was not able to utter the word “die”. Then he told me “I don’t want to loose you for this stupid reason. Please accept my love, Please confess your love. Please Mohini Please”. He was crying like a child.

I was week from physically already but now also mentally. I don’t want to loose my first & last love. I was crying & then replied “I will agree only on one condition that you have to gift me a letter with a medium size red rose everyday, not in the desk’s drawer but in my hand even after our marriage”.

Then we both laughed together & he said “promise”.

I come back to my present by the sound of the door bell. I open the door, my husband is standing with a letter & red rose. He give it to me & says “I love you Mrs Mohini Ayush Misra”.

__END__

