Love Short Story – Pure Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

Jaya was preparing breakfast. Her three sisters came to the kitchen and told her that they are hungry. She said,”just a minute .I’m preparing dear. ”

They gone from there and went to their room .

Jaya was the elder sister.Her parents were died three years ago in a road accident. After that Jaya has taken care of her three small sisters. She loves her sisters very much .After half an hour Jaya called her sisters to take their breakfast. She said,”It’s very late now.I’ve to go to office “.

She gave them food and went to take a shower. Later when she was ready for office, she told her sisters to take care,not to fight with each other and eat lunch at right time.After that she went for office.

Jaya reached at 10 , accurate time.She make her attendence and came inside her cabin. Her colleagues doesn’t like her because of her good work. She was very laborious,very hard working. She was always punctual and loves her work.There was a manager named Satish who only likes her work. Actually they both loves each other a lot from the very first day of office she joined. Sometimes they both took a leave and went to enjoy sometimes with each other.

One day when they were on leave, their colleague saw them and complaint to the Boss.Boss was very strict. After two days when Satish was out of the town for office work.Boss called Jaya in his cabin. He told not to do the things in office.She asked,”what sir?”

Boss replied, “you are not a kid.You know better. I don’t like this in my office. You and Satish are dating each other. He is a very nice, simple Guy. He never did this earlier. He never did this type of cheap things.”

She was crying at that time.She don’t know how to response. She went back to her cabin and doing her work.After sometime everyone was abusing her.They used bad language for her.They always taunt her.She thought this is the limit now.She can’t handle this now any more.So she decided to leave the office. She wrote a leave application and submit it to the boss.And later she left the job.

After two days, Satish came to Jaya’s home. When she saw him she was so happy.She hugged him and asked,”today is not a holiday ..how you are here now.”

Satish replied, “I also left the job.What do you think they used bad language for you and I still work there.No, no at all.I love you.and I really mean it.You are my life and everything. I love you forever and want to marry you.”

She was surprised and as well as happy to hear it.She said,”you know my problems na”.

Satish told,”” yes, I knew your responsibilities.I’ll take my sisters to our home.They are not only your sisters. They are mine too.Your responsibilities means my responsibilities. Trust me dear.”

She was crying now.She hugged him tightly and said I love you dear.They married and joined another company. And lived happily ever after.Difficulties came but they both faced together them and won in all problems.

__END__

