Code: WSPI-2012-01 

Photo credit: 

It was a passionate night. Lindy did not know when it started or what made them so close.

She had joined the marketing division as the assistant department head 6 months ago.

She was reporting to Sanjay, the department head. What started as casual coffee breaks, luncheon went on to movies together. They were from different worlds. He was a down South Brahmin boy and she was a hard core Christian. Her parents will never approve of them. But she felt a little bit of pushing them will just do it.

He is just her opposite. He is calm, thinks clearly, and most importantly understands her. She on the other hand is impulsive, impatient and all that he is not.

It was four months ago when he proposed her on a rainy night. She never saw it coming but she knew right in her heart he was the one. The next day she accepted. Then they started walking hand in hand, and then there was a good night kiss.Every day she wanted to see him. It was difficult to say goodnight. She wanted to stay with him. Then yesterday after they had dinner he had come to drop her off. What started as a good night kiss did not end there. There was an intense feeling and she did not even know how they had ended up in her bed. It was a passionate love making. She never knew this would the kind of feeling. She knew she had crossed all her norms and rules she had stuck by all these years. But now she felt they belonged to each other.

He had left this morning before she woke up. Maybe he just went to get breakfast. He was such a good guy. She reached for her mobile and tried calling him.

One ring, two rings,three rings……. He did not pick the call. It was so not like him. He generally picks her calls in the second ring. She called him again. He did not pick up. Maybe he was in billing counter or something. Let me call after 10 minutes. Her pulse was going up.

What if he had just left her? Did he use me? “Oh my God.. I do not even want to think that way.”

Sanjay is a good guy.

Ten minutes over. She called him again. “Please pick the call… Please please… “

The phone was switched off.

Lindy was in tears. She just could not stop crying. She cried and cried. She felt so foolish and soooo stupid. She had trusted this guy. “Oh God no….. “

Then suddenly the bell rang. She went slowly and opened the door. Sanjay was standing there,his face bent down.

He met her eye. “Lindy honey what happened.. you have been crying. I knew last night we had gone over our limits. I did not know how you would feel about me. We can get married as soon as you want. Please honey…. Do not feel bad..  But I know it was not a mistake… We both are made for each other..  “

Lindy was crying and laughing.. “how stupid of me.. how stupid of me…. Why the hell did you not pick my calls.. and why did you switch off your mobile”

“Because I wanted to tell all this to you in person and not over phone”

“Never again you switch off your mobile. And I love you with all my heart.”

__END__

