Once upon a time there lived two friends called Love and Trust, in a metropolis called Life. They were inseparable. Their relationship was sweeter than sugar, so to say. They were happy to be together and cherished their unique friendship. Everyone welcomed Love and Trust with open arms.

Time passed by and their story continued. Love and Trust were showered with a lot of respect. The special treatment meted out to the two made them feel happy.

One fine day Love met a stranger called Ego and the two hit it off instantly.

Slowly and steadily Love and Trust grew apart. Love wouldn’t tolerate the sight of Trust but Trust begged her to respect his sentiments and value their friendship.

And then, Love began to take others for granted. She started to disrespect the ones who respected her, shower abuses on the ones who blessed her, treat with disdain the ones who welcomed her. To make matters worse, Ego made Love believe that there was nothing wrong in her behavior and that she was right and everyone around her wrong. Ego’s remarks filled her heart with unexplained pride. Around the same time, Love and Ego befriended yet another stranger called Jealousy.

Whenever Love tried to introspect about her actions, Ego stopped her from doing so and this continued for a while until Forgiveness walked into their lives. Forgiveness gave Love a strange peace in her company and helped her find the solace that she so desperately craved for.

Gradually Love began to transform back into being a gentle lady, her real self. At the behest of Forgiveness, Love walked up to all the people she had hurt in the past and begged for mercy. However, she was treated with scorn by the same people who once respected her! She got the shock of her life to know that another stranger called Hate had dethroned her value from their lives and now lived in their hearts. What broke her further was the fact that her friends Ego and Jealousy had swapped sides and were now in cahoots with Hate, all the while relishing the gracious hospitality of her erstwhile hosts!

A gush of memories and nostalgia flashed past her and Love realized how much she missed Trust! Alas! Trust, her soul buddy, was nowhere to be seen. She cried and cringed in pain, but in vain. Trust was gone and no matter how hard she tried to piece her broken relationship together, she could not. Forgiveness was watching the drama unfold and her heart bled for her dear friend. However, despite Love’s plight, Forgiveness’s heart was filled with joy, for her friend had mustered the courage to seek pardon! That he felt was a quality exclusive to Love. Heart in heart, he was aware that no matter how much Hate, Ego and Jealousy cherish the cordial reception, they cannot beat Love for her uniqueness and compassion!

No amount of consoling was enough to soothe a repenting Love. However, he extolled to her the worth of regret and mercy, which helped calm Love a bit. Love felt a sudden pang of guilt overcome her senses and fear engulf her. Nonetheless, she pushed all her feelings aside to express her gratitude to the friend who had guided her like a beacon light all along.

Needless to say, Love and Forgiveness lived happily ever after!

–END–

