When I was a kid, I had very little friends, and to be honest, I always made the best out of those times I had with them. Especially when I was with her.

Let’s start from when I first met her. I was in the 2nd grade and a new kid at school was to arrive this morning. Naturally every kid in my class got excited, and we all waited for them to enter the class. We waited for a while and every other kid was wondering how they would act and what they would look like. As a shy kid, I didn’t talk amongst the others, and just waited for the kid as I was reading a book. After what seemed like forever, the new kid finally walked into class, they didn’t have someone to bring them in like the last kid, so I just thought nothing of it either. It was a cute little girl, and I instantly fell in love with the color of her eyes. A beautiful color that seemed to look like all of earth’s beauty has bestowed onto her its beauty.

Soon after, that color became my favorite, and I had become slightly obsessed with trying to become her friend. I mean, don’t get me wrong, everyone in my class wanted to be her friend, especially when her hair was an abnormal color too. She was different from everyone in the room, she was able to get along with everyone, and even tiny enemies that each kid had, vanished, and they became friends through her. I was the last one to talk to her, and I wasn’t surprised either, I was often chosen last for many things, but when the day came that she finally talked to me, it was out of the blue.

I was sitting at my desk, drawing, as we had free time, and she was talking and playing with everyone as usual. That was, until she suddenly stopped and had a blank look in her eye as she looked in my direction, I felt eyes on me and looked up to her blank stare. Shocked that she was looking at me, I was even more shocked when she smiled and came toward me. At the time, I was drawing another picture of her, call me creepy I know, but I was obsessed with her eyes and beauty overall, so it was often that I drew these kind of pictures. It wasn’t until I saw her right next to me, looking at what I was drawing, that brought me back to reality. I covered it as quickly as possible, using my whole body to do so. Giggling, she pointed to where the drawing was on the table, slightly point at me too.

“I like that drawing of me! It’s really pretty!” She spoke. I had heard her speak dozens of times before, but this time, right here, was the most precious her voice had ever been. She was talking to me of all people, complimented my drawing of her, and laughed. I may have been a kid, but I knew what love was, and she was who I loved. Realizing it then and there, I lifted my body for her to see the drawing again as I stared at her in disbelief.

“Th-th-thank you…” I managed to stutter out. She smiled again and sat down next to me, asking all sorts of questions. Simple ones really, such as my favorite color, and if I liked dogs or cats. It turned out we had so much in common, and I fell even more in love with her pure personality. It all seemed like a dream, and I didn’t want to wake up.

We later became best friends, and all the kids in my class had finally left her alone, so now it was only me and her on the playgrounds, talking to each other, and only to each other. We always talked, and no matter how boring that day would be, we would always make the best of it. I always told her she could come over to my house, or me to hers, but she always refused, with a sliver of fear in her eyes. I never pushed her anymore after the third time I saw it, so we would just hang out whenever we could. “Good things come to those who wait”, I’d always say. I may sound cliché, but it was for us, and I loved her so much, so I wouldn’t ever let her go.

Many years passed, and we were in high school together. Of course, by this time, we had more friends that just each other, and soon we became the ‘High school sweethearts’ of the school, despite always denying that we were ever dating. Although the blush she would have on her face was quite amusing, and I loved her more for it… Senior year came around, and I still hadn’t confessed to her, prom was right around the corner, and I thought it would be best if I could ask her now. We were leaving to different places for different things, but this was my last chance.

I decided to go to her house later that night, by this time she had a job and got her own house, adding in a few house mates to help around. I went there and was introduced to her house mates not too long ago and I asked if I could see her, they all just looked at me as though I wasn’t aware of something. Sitting me down, they told me that when they had left school in sophomore year and were half way on their way home, a speeding car came out of nowhere and nearly hit them, she was the only one that had actually been hit. She had died on impact and I had been in so much distress of losing her that I was imaging her for two years.

I was shocked to hear this at all. This had to been some sort of trick and she was just playing with me. I shook my head and walked out of the house in a furious state. Driving my car back home I had noticed that I had gotten a text message, being smart and waiting to get back, I left my phone alone. Upon entering my house, I read the message, it was from her. ‘Ha-ha, got you man! Didn’t think you’d get so mad over a silly prank!’

I texted back with a half-smile, still angry at her poor prank, and looked up to see her coming from my kitchen, eating a doughnut with a smile on her face. I smiled genuinely this time and sat on my living room couch, thinking I’d ask her about prom later. Turning on my TV I saw the news, breaking news, to be exact. I watched these to help with knowing the world a bit more, so I became interested. She sat next to me on the couch and finished her doughnut while watching the news with me.

‘Breaking news from down town, a major crash site has been reported my civilians in the area. Officials say it was a student from the local high school, and that he had committed suicide when he relearning that his best friend had died two years prior in a tragic hit and run. His friends mourn for him and his family is still yet to be notified… The people who last saw him alive say “We wished that we could have stopped him…”’

I was once again in shock. What are they saying? That’s looks like my car! But I’m right here! Right next to my best friend! How could they say that?!

Standing up in irritation, I felt her pull my sleeve and drag me back to sit on the couch. Staring at me with her beautiful eyes once again, she laid her head on my chest. With a quiet sob, I could hear her repeatedly whisper “I’m sorry”… Patting her back and crying with her. I finally understood as the memories came back to me all at once. We had both died the day she had, but I had died inside. Now that I’m finally dead too, I can truly be with her once again…

She was my beloved friend…

–END–

