Love Short Story – I do 

Photo credit: 

 from 

Gopal was looking at his newlywed wife. She was tall, slim and beautiful. Her long hairs were flowing in the ground while she was picking books from the floor. He got married months back only. She was much more beautiful then what he expected his wife would be.

Gopal was an architect and a very simple and contented guy. He was staying with his friend in a small room in Pushp Vihar, New Delhi. Since his friend got married, he has started feeling very lonely. He was a very bright student, had won many scholarships and belonged to a poor family. He spent most of his Study life in hostel away from his parents and siblings. He always felt the desire of being with his family, loneliness has always been way of his life. His parents hardly used to visit him in the school hostel while other kids parents used to come to meet them very often, call them and even used to send gifts and food items. Gopal’s parent used to come to take him once a year only when it was compulsory to take the child home. Gopal always used to envy the other child’s in his class and hostel. Since childhood, there has always been a desire in his heart of having a very loving family wherein he is staying happily with his parents, sisters and brothers, everybody is happy and caring and share each other’s happiness and sorrow.

Time passed by, he finished his school, took the engineering entrance test of ‘West Bengal Joint’ and got a chance to study Architecture in one of the eminent college of west Bengal. His college was also known as prajapati college as it was said that almost every student have an affair. However, Gopal still could not find a love of his life in the college, blaim his simplicity and the lack of any extra money to afford girlfriend’s demands. He was good in studies and sketching and happily assisted his hostel mates completing their girlfriend’s assignments.

Gopal! hey what are you thinking, you need a cup of tea. I am very tired so I need tea badly-said Sanjana, his wife

Gopal just wake up of his thoughts-oh yes you are working a lot, wait I will make you a tea and he went to the kitchen.

He looked at his house; it was a one room barsati in the top floor with one small kitchen and a huge bathroom. The room was very very small and could hardly accommodate a small bed and had an open concrete Almirah. There was a small window alongside the bed without a door where he had put a curtain made of some old bed sheets. The paint on the wall was of the cheapest quality and the paint was coming on all hanged cloths. There was only a computer table, a computer, a small folding bed and a plastic rack in the name of the furniture.

Sanjana, Darling! The tea is ready said Gopal in a very sweet Voice.

Mere Pyare Pati, Aaj cup lene chalen (Can we go to buy some cups today, please) sighed

SanjanaTumhari bai (maid) ne Kitna Ganda rakha tha sabkuch-Main thik sudhar doongi usko, You could have at least bought a refrigerator before I came (Your maid has kept everything dirty-I will scold her) Sighed Sanjan

Darling! I wanted to buy everything as per your choice, said Gopal

While they sipped the tea, Gopal’s thoughts went back to the days he first came to Delhi. After he finished his architecture, he came to delhi with one of his classmate Somitro, a Bengali boy. Both were fast friends. They Stayed together, worked together in the same firm and shared everything until one day Soumitro fell in love with a Punjabi girl and got married. As was natural and expected, Soumitro moved out with his wife leaving behind a lonely Gopal who now used to hang out with even sabjiwalas and burgerwalas to pass his time. With time it seemed more and more difficult to leave a singular life so Gopal asked his mother to look for a bride for him.

He had said yes to almost all marriage proposals, his only criteria was a smart and working girl, but his mother insisted on a fairly good looking wife for her eldest Son and she finally agreed for Sanjana.

Gopal looked at Sanjana, she looked beautiful while brooming the floor. She was a software engineer and was working with TCS in Kolkata.

She knows all household work and she doesn’t have tantrums like other city girls. She has been in the Hostel since long, had been earning and must be having a lot of expectations regarding her husband. How come she has not complained to my below average amenities-Thought Gopal

Sanjana had come to Delhi after spending a month at her In-laws house this morning only. She was astonished to see the condition of the house Gopal was living in. Though she was told by Gopal’s friend that what she has seen is far far better as Gopal has already spent two days improving the cleanliness of the house. She didn’t had a rest and decided to make the house liveable to the extent situation permits. It had been two hours she was busy changing the bed sheet, the curtain, the utencils and cleaning the walls and the floor. Their tiny house changed considerably in two hours.

She looked at the bed. It was a very old folding bed made of pipes and board. Was bent in the middle and many other places. How I am going to sleep in this. I can’t sleep in this small bed alone forget about sharing this with Gopal she thought. Suddenly a small hand written note catched her attention. It was strategically placed in one of the side so that she couldn’t have missed it. It read “Isn’t it very romantic to sleep together in a small bed like this”. A smile came to her face and suddenly that small worn-out bed seemed most beautiful and cosy to her.

The only good thing about the place was a private open terrace. Sanjana was panting finally and went for a bath. Gopal offered to cook meal. He cooked rice and Paneer ki sabji that is what seemed to be quick and filling. The Aroma filled their nose –both were feeling very hungry. Sanjana looked fresh and beautiful in her wet hair.

She  layed a chatayi (carpet made of bamboo) on the terrace and both sat to have their meal. Gopal put the first bite in sanjana’s mouth and asked –‘You must be having lot of expectations; I have nothing. Don’t you feel bad about this. You haven’t complained. You must be repenting marrying me right!’

So if I am what you are going to do about it? what you think I felt? Asked Sanjana

I think I alone cannot do anything. We both together can achieve our dreams. I have always dreamed of an understanding and caring wife and I feel I have got the same –said Gopal with smile on his face

“Hmmm! I know, you are very clever. I read your note”- Said Sanjana

“So have I got a wife of my dreams?  Do you agree to be with me for rest of my life? Do you agree to be with me in my every moment of happiness and agony?  Will you be there to share all my achievements and failures, all my dreams, all my aspirations” – asked Gopal

“I do! I will be there, always, with you, for you till I am alive. Don’t worry I have confidence on us-we together will achieve our dreams-why complain!” – said Sanjana

So do you accept me as your dream wife? She asked

“I do” said Gopal with a smile on his face. They hugged each other.

__END__

