Short Love Story – 7 lobes of love

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was during the British rule in India during the Nineteenth century; a tribal area in North India, it was spring lovely birds that sang, the trees and flowers that whispers in the forest.Though the nature glowed with beauty there was a continuous combat battles going between the tribals. The sun fell for the moon and gave birth to a love, khaku was after a defeated battle passing by when his eyes fell for an unknown girl. She had a long hair a physical rather a strong body equipped with nature battles, but with a lovely face that captured khaki with his eyes attached to her.

It was a fate she ‘shezuli’ too fell for him as he had eyes that tells a story that attracted her, it was a fashion in those days to go away even with a stranger whom you had fell for during war.They went home back to khaku village where his mother welcomed her like a viper lips she spoke of unacceptable. Days passed, mother in law never accepted her with a new day she tried on and on to show her son that shezuli was a woman not fit for her, whenever khaki go out away from home she will mistreat shezuli.

Months passed by finally the news reached her 4 brothers so one day a messenger came to her that her brother will come to pick her up when she is ready, she thought and at last with a broken heart sent her brothers 7 lobes of hair meaning to pick her up after 7 days. Days were passing by and shezuli loved khaki even more, khaki loved her, he knew his mothers doing but could never do anything for she raised him with trouble.The night that her brothers were to come shezuli prepared a feast with meat and drinks, she feed him with meat and wine and they made love until her husband went to sleep. She was crying in her heart for she will never again see her husband and so she left with her brothers .

By the time khaki woke up and realized her absence he looked out he saw the last two lighted torches a mountain away from his distance. He broke down completely with tears , he started to drink heavily to ease his pain. Years later shezuli go settled with another guy khaku will meet him every time they go for a war she was with another man.This kept on and on by the time he realised khaku was having a Heart disease which worsened with his relationship .

Days passed and finally shezuli received the news that khaki was on his dead bed and asking for her, she loved him that he requested his husband to allow him to meet khaku. Khaku was on his bed, his face became lighter when he saw shezuli he requested her too feed him with the food she use to cook when they use to live together. She was crying with tears, khaku condition was worsening she fed him with the food, khaki was finally happy he than raised his hand placed on her head and told her ‘ love is like a dewdrops that fell on the leaves that dries on sun rises’.

__END__

