Love Short Story – VELVET MOMENT

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was the day we met, the day she died. She seemed perfect in

all ways. Her influences seemed to have its heart in the right

place. And then I felt happy she couldn’t see .Because seeing is

believing and I believe we wouldn’t have met otherwise.

 

I am what you call ugly, and I don’t implore you to see

otherwise. What’s the point. But then I was forced to see things

in a new light ,one day. The day we met.

 

She splashed across the drain under the water clogged

streets. It was july. Laughing and looking up at the smoggy ,

grey skies. She turned to face me and I realised she couldn’t

see. She didn’t recoil. not once

 

She faced the black with a smile. She came forward and tried to

touch my face. I stopped her. I tried to let go but couldn’t.

There was too much electricity.

 

Caustic drops splattered around us in the by-lanes of Thane

district. Nothing felt more royal. It was like velvet. The moment

between us. Her face was suddenly exotic. Like a princess waking

up to fresh flowers.

 

I felt ashamed of myself. Every moment with her reminded me of

what I was. I grew smaller by the moment. Until I was so

miniscule i couldn’t bear it. I let go. I wanted her to run with

I wanted to take care of her. Rediscover our world .

 

A whistle besides my ear deafened me , as I woke up to

shattering windows and mortar around me. They had come .The

cops. To hunt me down. The last of my gang. The last of my kind.

 

I make a dash for it. I promise her a return under my

breath. She seemed to have heard it . She smiles . Do I see a nod? I think

I do. I run and two more appear in front. They open their

barrels. Screams explode. As does my left arm. I fall down while

trying to keep myself up. and I see nothing. I couldn’t see

her. Is this what they call blindness. I don’t really want to

know. And then I spot her. Floating above the very drain she

leaped over, to reach me. A trail of red took her away. Her eyes closed.

 

They place a gun in my hand. I don’t resist

They charge me with a fresh count of murder . I don’t deny.

Death sentence is all they can provide. I accept

 

The only thing I do, is remember , the promise I made .In my own ,very first, velvet

moment.

***

By Saurabh Arora

