Short Story of Friendship or Relationship

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

As another day comes I usually realize how I fall to this person. Everyday I pray that he will notice me someday. He doesn’t even know who I am.

One Monday morning again, and i`m still hoping for something that i know it will lead to nothing. I’m just a geek and seems like invisible to everyone while Jacob is a  popular and hot guy, every girl will fall on him for his charismatic actions. As I entered to my class i bumped someone while i’m on my deepest thoughts. When i saw the guy i was shocked and cannot move. Oh no! I`m shaking and i don`t know what to do.

He helped me to get up and asked if i`m fine. I apologized on him and sit to the front row of class ,he was sitting on the back of my chair when he tried to call my name.

“Gellie come and sit beside me, I need help on this math equation.”

I asked myself if i`m daydreaming again, once again he called my name and i realized it wasn’t just a dream but its reality. His smile makes me melt like an ice. He asked me out so he can pay out on what i helped him. As entirely day comes i know everything about him and he knows everything about me.

One day as i saw him in hallway, i tried to talked to him but he just avoided me and get inside the classroom. I wonder if i did something wrong, when my class were done, i tried to find him in the gym where he practices basketball during  Fridays and Tuesdays. I tried to talk to him but he seems afraid but i didn`t stop until he gets annoyed.

“Gellie i treated you like my best friend but I’m falling in love with you and i know you do too. But i`d rather choose you to be my best friend than entering into a relationship with doubts.”

I have agreed even inside me it kills and hurts me a lot. Until the day comes that i realized friendship is way more better than a relationship with anyone.

” Friendship is the hard way to find but it is the best way to keep someone. Relationships can be easily found and replaced. ”

__END__

