Story of Love and Heartbreak – Half Widow,Half Bride

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was 18 then! My classmates said, he loves me. I dint love him,yet my eyes searched to have a glimpse of his. We exchanged glances.He was making me fall in love with him. Slowly,I could recognize his footsteps even without seeing him. He entered the class as Prince charming and stole the heart of beautiful ladies as Romeo.

I was more than happy and my heart pounded with joy when he was around.My friends were jealous but I was happy. After all he loved me and not my classmates. Attraction levitated and the fire grew. We were madly,truly,passionately in love with each other.He took over me, I was all his.

He hovered over my mind,my body,my soul.I could think nothing but him. I couldn’t afford detaching myself from him and approached him for pious relation of marriage. He shattered my beautiful dream, he smashed me into pieces. He dint wanted to marry me. He said, he had chosen me as a lover not a life partner. I was broken, I was shattered. I cried, I begged, I importuned him for mercy. He was merciful, he agreed.

I was happy but my heart dint pounded this time. After all it was not his love , or me anymore, I had begged and got alms in return.

With a perplexed mind and heavy heart, I gathered the smashed pieces of my dream and tried to make it beautiful again. Just like a would-be bride does, I expected his call, craved for his warmth, love and care but then came none.

I prayed to God, I married and with great faith moved ahead, that, if not me, the pious fire,the seven vows, the kumkum and the mangalsutra would heal our relation and we will be happy and complete once again.

We stayed apart post marriage but the faith remained. I felt positive vibes but the vibes dint even last for hours. It was Karva Chauth day.I was praying for long life of my husband, when I came to know, this life, he wants to spend not with me ,but her..

He was my life and she was his. She had taken my place in his life even before our marriage solemned. As he said,the beautiful time just before marriage when I was craving for his love, it was being showered on her, as he made his moves to impress her.

He was my life and SHE was HIS.

He buried my life, my love,my faith,the seven vows,the kumkum and the mangalsutra beautifully and here, I stand praying for his long life unaware, even if, I have him or not!!

__END__

