Short Story of Love and Breakup – Tale of unwind souls

Photo credit: 

 from 

Let me tell you a story. A story about a time, not so long ago. A story about the time when ‘we’ weren’t past tense.

There was a girl, guarded by walls a bit too high. A girl, who was too scared to fall for anyone bacon of her past. For she feared that she’ll end up broken and lonely, just like before.

She made friends and she knew people, but she never really tried to know them. She stayed at an arm’s length from everyone, bcoz the worldly affairs are just not for her soul.

And then, when the universe was looking for a good laugh, or maybe the rulers of the high skies above  were bored of their lives, she met him, when she wasn’t even looking.

And he just was perfect, perfect for her . The man who seemed to answer all the questions that she never even asked.

No, they weren’t lovers. Not even friends. They were something beyond imaginable even to  their own hearts. And they were all that, without even trying.

She was never aware of her feelings about him. But small small things reminded her of him.

Days passed and years too.. Every love song managed to make her blush. She knew she was in love with him. This fact, she never denied, never confronted still.

For she was too scared to find out.

And one day, when the weather was nothing but usual and there were no special signs, she gathered up all her courage, and told him. Told him all the reasons why she fell for him. She also knew he loved her in every possible he could.And two lost souls finally fought there way to be together.. he was happy, she was happy. but universe has some other plans for them

And what they didn’t  knew that every story comes with an expiry date.

And not long after that day they went on with their own lives ,because all of a sudden ‘she didn’t feel the same for him like she used to’. All of a sudden his world fell apart.

The nights seemed a little bit darker and the days were longer. he tried with all his might, to not let it affect him. But every morning, his wet pillow said every story away.

He walked away, but  it was getting too difficult for him to even look at her name without visiting all the locked memories of his  heart. His soul walked away from him like torn out last pages.

He bid goodbye to the only thing that made sense to him., she didn’t even, for once, ask him stay for any reasons. Maybe, she never wanted to.

Days went by though he looked back but she never reached out. And all that left was the scar of all those memories which they spent together.

People still thinks that memories are pleasing always! but maybe they always saw his face not his heart.

It’s been a while now. he’s still broken and alone but you can never tell because for you to see him you have to look straight into his heart not the smiling face above.

Every night he just looks at the moon for a little bit longer than before, hoping to meet her gaze upon it,  for he knows she looks at it too.

Sometime words aren’t enough to explain the mess inside because some love stories can only be “felt”.

–END–

