: Devils in love! – Short Story Love

WSPI-2012-03:Devils in love! - Short Story Love

Everybody falls in love and everybody should fall in love. It brings out the hero inside  you, endeavoring to yearn the demeanor of a true Spartan.The disposition of a lover allows one to be silly, stupid, asinine just by the virtue of one’s being in love.

People have classified love into various categories.Can you beat that? Anyways, despite of being so many classifications of love the ultimate truth is that the lover just know that he is in love and his love cannot be classified and statistically contained in any theorem.

There is love, there are humans and then there is a different plane of metaphysical identities, we call them Devil. Do they touch? Do they kiss? …well the eerie questions does not subdue the intensity of his love. Yes he loved her passionately knowing very well the identity of his self and his consciousness of his metaphysical-ness didn’t curtailed, by a single iota, his love for her.

“You sure her mother will come?

“Yup”

“Why will she buy the mask you have chosen?”

“She likes ladoos. I have a ladoo in my mouth.”

“Don’t you feel ridiculous?”

“Yes I do. Do you?”

“Of course I do you moron. Wait for our return and then see what hell shall break loose on both of us!”

“Hehehe. You know I love you too!”

“Shut up and tell me why am I waiting in this monster face with you?”

“Hehe..because I would look like a fool alone waiting for her mother to pick this monster mask.!”

“Yeah! And now we both look like fools!I am leaving after she picks you up. I am already here waiting for more than an hour.”

“A devil in need is a devil indeed!”

“You are too much influenced by humans”

“I love her too much to hate them all.”

“I heard you ate dosa too?”

“Yes, in her last life she was a marvelous cook. Sometimes I use to go inside her husband’s body to taste that.”

“You are sick. You are a silly sick ghost!”

“Heheh.. thanx dude!”

“When will she take birth in this life?”

“Her mother is six months pregnant and they are planning to deliver the baby at the new house.”

“Ya.. and they will use the monster mask to keep the spirits away… ahahaha… what an irony !”

“Heheh.. for sure it is!”

“Where was it you first saw her?”

“In her first life. She was a princess in Rajasthan.”

“Which life is this?”

“This is her seventh birth.”

“Holy shit! You have been waiting since then.”

“O hell…ya I am. I am waiting for her final birth. I will see her opening her eyes for the first time. I will listen to the melody in her first cry. I will see her taking her  first steps. I will watch her whole life once again”

“And then?”

” She is a pious soul. She will not go to hell. She is meant for heaven.”

“What about you?”

“I will get to talk to her for the first time. When her soul will leave the body she will have to travel from earth to the heaven’s gates…alone.”

“Yeah.. and how much time will you get to woo her?”

“Na, I am not wooing her or anything. I just want to see her in her pure self. I just want to hear her pure voice and tell her that I love her.”

“How long would it take?”

“Well… just seventy years of her human life.”

“And?”

” And five  minutes to travel to heaven’s gate.”

__END__

