College Love Story – Love just happens (2)

Photo credit: 

 from 

It had been a month now since Samrat and Ahana had been dating. Ahana was in love and she just knew it. And today Samrat will be coming to meet her to celebrate their one month. It was evening time Ahana was waiting for him when she saw him get out of his friend’s car which he had borrowed again. He was wearing a black v neck sweatshirt n cream coloured jeans and looked so good she felt she looked quite plain wearing just a simple purple tshirt and jeans but the thought escaped her mind when he came to her.

“You look amazing Ahana” Samrat told her.

“Thanks you look great too ” Ahana said and blushed .Damn that guy still made her blush.

“Lets go i have a lot of plans today” Samrat told her taking her hand and asked her to get in the car.

“You know i can’t go out without an outpass . Hostel rules” Ahana said

“Relax sweety , that’s why i brought the party here” He said taking out a full bottle of whiskey.

Ahana was shocked. She expected something romantic not this but then she thought this must be his style so she just smiled.

They had quite a few pegs.It was Ahana’s first time. She was used to beer but not whiskey. So she wasn’t really in her full senses when he kissed her and she kissed back.

They continued kissing ,Ahana making no sense of it, until her phone rang. It was Samrat who picked it up. He listened to whoever it was on the other side then frowned.

“Ahana baby focus” Samrat tried to talk to the way too drunk Ahana.

“Ya what do you want,” Ahana said in her drunk state.

“It was Arya , you have to get out of the car now and go back to the hostel to your room, Arya said its really important” Samrat told her.

“Ugh fine,where is the door” Ahana searched till she finally managed to open the door.

She found Arya waiting for her near the girl’s hostel gate .

“Ahana what the hell? Are you drunk? Arya shrieked. “Sh*t that Samrat is no good” Arya muttered and managed to sneak Ahana past the wardens into their room.

 

It had been two days since the day Ahana had got drunk with Samrat and they kissed. She had wanted her kiss with Samrat to be special not like this. She was in thinking about that day when Samrat’s voice broke her out of her reverie.

” So baby you managed to keep your mind of the lecture” He teased  and then continued ” want to go for a drive?”

“Sure” Ahana replied. It was college hours so they could just bunk classes and go out of the gate as day scholars.

Soon enough they were in the car and out of the college campus. She was staring out the window when Samrat stopped the car in a deserted area. Ahana was surprised and a little scared too but she decided to trust him. Samrat looked at her. She blushed. He held her chin and made her look at him and leaned forward. Ahana closed her eyes.His lips met hers and she felt blood rushing to her cheeks. It was their second kiss and this time Ahana could feel every moment.Samrat then moved back and started kissing her neck, then her shoulder . Ahana knew she should have felt good but for some reason she just felt afraid.

“Please Stop Samrat” She requested and she felt relieved when he did. “I want to go back “She told him.

“Sure baby “Samrat said and started the car and soon  enough they were back in the college campus.

“I will see you later” Samrat said as she got out of the car. She just nodded and walked towards her class.

After few hours when the class finally ended Ahana was on her way back to the hostel along with vandana when she heard Samrat’s voice in one of the empty classroom she was passing by.

“Dude i was so close, we were kissing , i wanted to get more intimate, the only reason i am dating her , cheating on Aastha and that Ahana just stopped me , can you imagine?” Samrat was telling his friend.

Ahana had heard enough. She just entered the room with a brave face even though she just wanted to break down and walked towards Samrat who had his back to her. She turned him around and slapped him hard.

“You cheater, you liar, you bloody fake ,you don’t deserve to be even talked to “Ahana said and turned to walk away.

“Ahana listen “Samrat said. She just turned and slapped him again.

“Don’t you dare to say my name again” She told him and walked out and joined Vandana who quitely held her hand till they reached Arya and her room.Arya was talking with her boyfriend when she saw Vandana and Ahana walk in. Ahana broke down just then when Arya rushed to her side .Vandana explained everything to her. And then Ahana’s two besties just held her till she cried it out.

 

It had been 5 months. Ahana still regretted her mistake of falling in love with such a guy. Samrat had left college a few month back due to some personal reason so it was little easy for her as she didnot have to see his face and think even more. She had Vandana and Arya to help her heal from the emotional pain. She felt blessed to have them. Vandana had become like the elder sister and Arya had become the younger sister. Everyone envied them.

However she was worried as it was summer vacation from tommorow and she will not have Arya and Vandana to comfort her. Ahana had changed a lot for the bad despite Arya’s and Vandana’s efforts to keep her in line. Although Ahana knew she was wrong to grieve so much over him.She didnt even want to think his name she still couldnt forget that she loved him truly and to keep herself distracted she had even started smoking when she was stressed . And right now as she was stressing over the coming vacation she decided to smoke a little to calm her nerves down.Just then she received a message in fb.

“Hey teddy”It was Abhishek .

He was Arya’s classmate. She had met him for the first time few months back on chocolate day when she,Vandana and Arya had been taking a walk and Abhi had waved to Arya but she had signalled him to come along with them.She had insisted that he buy them chocolates which he had obliged and then Arya had introduced him to both Vandana and her.Ahana had been quite then and spoke little.However after that day they had often chatted in fb. Abhishek called her teddy. And she used to call him Apple shake. She infact considered him to be a good friend. She just smiled at the memory and then replied to the text.

“Hey apple shake”

Abhi: ‘whats up?’

Ahana :’Nothing much ,just packing ,you done packing”

Abhi :”yup,so you will stay in touch during holidays right ?”

Ahana :” of course how can i forget my apple shake”

They continued chatting for a while. Ahana teasing him about a girl named Sheetal who she had seen many times with abhi. She absolutely hated sheetal who was really  nothing more then a slut and she wondered what a decent guy like abhi was doing with her.But she liked teasing him anyway. She adored him as friend. He could make her smile.

Little did she know her happiness was just round the corner.

****

(#Continued )

