Love Short Story – Love Letter

Photo credit: 

 from 

I remember the day we met.  We talked for hours on end.  About everything,  we just could not seem to get enough.  We met on the internet and ended on the internet.  Everyday we would look and see if the other was there.  If one of us did not show up.  We would leave.  Not come back until both of us was there.

You was so handsome and charming.  Always knew what to say and how to say it. I never wanted for anything with you.  You always listened and understood.  You would hold my hand and never walk away.  Even if I was sick there you was.  You are the most amazing guy in the world.

I don’t know how I lived my life before I met you.  Your everything good to me.  There is not a day or night that I do not think of you.  Wishing you was here.  So we could share all the love we have.  Your like a fresh breath of air. With sun shining all around.  If I just had one more night with you.  I would hold you and not let go.

I want so much to have you back and hear the words I love you darling and always will.  Please baby smile and keep on smiling.  I am your man and I won’t leave.  Just to have you whisper your mine. To hear the words I may not always be around but I am always thinking of you.

You are my passion and my desire.  My clouds of purple array.  My fantasy of far away places for two.  The table is set and the roses are in bloom.  Birds are singing and music playing so soft.

Your lips on mine.  With a warm embrace.  The shadow of you on the wall.  Your my moon as you guide me.  A shelter if there is a storm.  A key with my heart.  A lover’s knot.  As we are entwined, we will stay.  Until eternity.

Our hearts are beating as one.  With the lacy pillow of cloud.  No dark shadow to scatter any beam.  As we sit on the lawn with you by my side.  With every breath I take.  Your there in my dreams, thoughts, and words.

I can not think of living without you.  It would not be enough to keep me alive.  I so need you and want you forever.  I just hope you will realize someday how much I love you. My one and only true love.

__END__

