Love Short Story – Police line do not cross

Photo credit: 

 from 

First and foremost, he never knew what to say when he knelt down before her with all of bemused us looking at him and begged her;

‘Please accept that I love and would like you to be mine forever.’

Say what ? I asked myself like I was her knew she wasn’t the easiest of women to talk to or commit your life to. Had previously told everybody at a party how being single to her makes her whole, how no man has any void to fill because she had no holes in her.

Yeah! That’s how she sounded like when she was on top of things. Meaning; she was in control of situation in her life and was well aware of any change in her behaviour or character because she was the reason for that to happen. Many of her friends left the party feeling humiliated because people understand a speech differently. So, since even bars and pubs are called drinking holes, they at their discretions felt that her speech or self-aggrandisement lacked three elements which makes up a-woman-on-top-of things; style, self-respect and the truth. They left in a hurry like there area was somewhat a market spot for gangsters but to us who not only knew but had the truth, it was our sanctuary.

So, since she was gone, my friend and I lost interest in women who were there because hers were the real deal and, if I had things my way we could’ve just followed them. Look, there were three of us friends and all men looking for women to give our love and respect to, they were three and one spoke trash and two fled. I know there’s a saying of killing two birds with one stone but we were three there. I’d rather have myself lie dead in a coffin than to let a woman like Anonymous play us. Every time I asked her who her real name was she told me to buzz off. Me, a bee? Buzz off!

People were gone and we were left with her because our friend had decided to go after even when he realised how bad her conduct was to her friends, how her lack of humility nearly brought me to tears minutes before the party started when she again told me to buzz off then sit down. And that time I didn’t say a word to any of girlfriends but, I was of course, showing interest in one of  them because I’m a man.

I see the word buzz means I should go away. Where should I’ve went because I was at a party for a sole purpose of mingling with friends; some new, some old, some wanted. But when she told me to sit-down, looked around for a sit and saw none, that’s when it dawned on me she was teasing me. I have had many sit-ups and downs in my life. I won’t tell you anymore because I don’t want to confuse all of you with my stories from my past. Depressing stories without zest or vigour.

When the party started I wanted nothing to do with she and her friends and in the middle of it, my seductive fellow, I won’t say who his name is, he may lose it all to his wife’s attorneys because as you all know this married-in-community-of-property thing has got our friends wrapped up and tangled around if not between their women’s fingers. I say thinking how much our lives would be if Anonymous couldn’t hold back her love for me for material gain. Damn! Sometimes we get to sit-down for real and talk. Do you want to know when there’s no man or woman around us? It’s when men and women  care about what next will happen to us.

Sometimes her speech-clutter makes me wonder why she likes acting like she knows everything about us men when all she could be doing is pay attention to us men. She’s now with my friend right over there they seem happy together but I wonder for how long because now and then their hubbub gives me a pounding headache that’s so severe that it reminds me how lucky I’m. All of a sudden my joy turns into gloom after a married friend of I has whispered something to my ear.

Our friend will die at the hands of other merciless men who vie for her attention. I kick the table and tell him how full of it he is, how I could’ve been the one who was on the way to the cemetery and the plates of a hearse written; Hubbub. The hearse was written in fiery-red-words which were most likely to blind those who’ll look directly into them without first thinking about consequences of doing so; Proudly Anonymous.

Like I had thought they eloped while my friend and I are holding up a decent conversation, a heroic one. Yes! We were both thinking about how to take him out of his self-induced coma before he leaps forever. Damn! I said clenching fists and grounding my teeth. I didn’t even know were she stays because wasn’t willing to talk to me like a woman should. I thought about calling the police and I did. They called her and the pair seemed to be fine ‘til five minutes to three in the morning.

By that time, a tiny apartment was burning. She; bandaged and refusing to give a statement or ride an ambulance to the nearest hospital. When I looked further on as I approached their street eight hundred metres from the party, I saw a body covered in a body-suit  lying still on a tar. Before me there was a yellow police line written in blue words; POLICE LINE DO NOT CROSS.

‘Arrest her, arrest her!’ I shouted an order to the police. Instead of they listening to what I had to say, they  pushed me back , threatened to arrest me.

I walked away from scene wiping tears from my eyes.

–END–

