Love Short Story – Grey Wisteria

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

 

I awoke.

The alarm had been beeping for half an hour now, and I felt it ring harder in my head. I twisted about in the bed, my hand searching the other side. It was empty, it was cold. She always woke up earlier than me and disappeared into the walls of the house. Before, I would call out to her, and maybe search for her. But not anymore. It annoys her more if I do, than if I don’t. If I do, I am annoying her, and if I don’t, I’m just an indifferent pig.

I pulled the sheet over my face and just lay there for a while, hearing the voice of the morning slowly turn into the unsympathetic noise of everyday, like a prologue to story I already know the ending of. I heard a door open and shut. If it had been like before, I would usually run to see where she might be going, but not so much. I got out of bed and into the shower.

There are times when you stare at the showerhead, not remembering how long you’d been staring at it, and run past the things you’d planned for the day, only to arrive at a moment where you tell yourself to stop. This isn’t real, and watch it dissolve into the many other things you’ve lost the feeling to do.

I skipped work, because there wasn’t a reason otherwise. I took my car and drove to the other side of the town where the hills were. She and I used to go there, from when we were actually interested in things. It was awfully cold, but I felt the numbing of my limbs a relieving experience. I watched the hills as if they were another life altogether in a parallel– unaffected by the mechanics of existence. A sacred calm among the noise of the world.

I shook my head. And then I sighed, because I always woke up too early, or I woke up too late. Hearing myself was a sign I was falling asleep again. I was fighting it, because I didn’t want to fall asleep, not now. Because I always woke up alone, and I didn’t like the taste of it. But the falls I took were hard, and the pain at the end of it was one from a bittersweet, fleeting experience that I liked to live over and over again. I got back into my car and let the sleep carry me to the parallels.

 

 

 

 

 

I was awoken by a police officer. Apparently, I had fallen asleep in a place I shouldn’t have. He asked me to leave, without much warning, given I had a face amiable enough.

I came home, and found her already asleep, with nothing for her to say. Sleeping next to her could be nothing, but I liked it for the warmth, if not for the presence of her. Because her being present was still a huge void of absence. I knew she wasn’t really sleeping, I could tell from the way she would lie stiffly facing away from me.

The enchanting thing about falling asleep was that I could live in the happiness I did not possess. It had always been so. That I lived a life in the parallel world– one where I was not just a silent sorrow in her life, where we lived our lives like we were supposed to– in my dreams. And I almost never found a connection between the two of them. I did not even recognize myself in them, or her. But there was something about tonight. Maybe it was the sip of scotch or just the air in our room that made me feel like things were about to change.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

And I let her take me to wherever she wanted me to.

To live a life I wanted, where I was not just the spectator to my own demise, but the conductor of my own sinfonia. Because what are dreams but paper boats we hope to sail across on.

