A love letter to someone who matters…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Namaste Aunty! I know it’s a bit strange for you to receive such a message. But I had no other option than writing to you and it is quite important for me too. Aunty, my name is Karan, presently I am doing my B.TECH, final year.  I stay at Kolkata. The reason why I am typing you this letter is that I love your daughter, I know I might sound disobedient and courageous but that’s not true. I have come up to this for solving my problem and you need not to worry about anything. And if you have created any negative image of mine in your mind, then please wash them off because I really need your concern and courtesy to solve my problem. You might be wondering why you would even bother to help me out. Well, that’s true, it would be absolutely OK if you don’t do so.

Aunty I must say that you are blessed with a wonderful daughter. Not only is she beautiful by her appearance but she is also beautiful as a person. Her beauty lies within her simplicity and her love and respect for her near ones. And believe me that’s the only reason that has made me fall for her. Don’t think that I am writing these things to impress you and all. Remember I am here with a problem? I and Anu are friends since 4 years and during these years we have known more about each other and become close friends. Problem is that we are still friends and I have grown very strong feelings for her. I have told this to her but she is just not ready to accept me.

After insisting a lot over the reason behind the non-acceptance she said that she doesn’t want to hurt you all. She thinks if she falls for someone, she will end up losing your faith. Being your only child she has plans to take good care of you and uncle, she believes that if she is committed someone she won’t be able to give proper time and support to you. But explain me one thing Aunty, when someday you will choose a groom for her, I am sure she will happily accept him and marry him. Wouldn’t this affect her concern for her parents then?

Commitments do come in even in arrange marriages. How can she be so sure that those commitments would not prevent her from taking proper care of you and uncle? I appreciate her feelings and respect her for that. Before falling for her little did I know that she loves you and uncle more than anybody else. Aunty these things are bothering only me! I am the one who is suffering. One of her concerns even includes your image in the society. She thinks, rather it’s true that you might gain disrespect in the society if your daughter marries someone of a different caste. It worries me even but it does not decrease my love for her.

Through her I came to know more about your family and its conservativeness, but being conservative has its own pros and cons. I want these cons to support my points before you. If you are thinking about the Society then I have only one thing to add, Society does not write our happiness or sorrows, only thing it does is to

! be it in happiness or in pain.

Aunty I know Anu is never gonna grow any strong feelings for me or even if she grows, she is never gonna tell it to anybody. And my helplessness lies over there, I don’t want to lose her. My feelings for her are hard and I don’t want to sit idle and do nothing. So this is why I am writing this to you because you are the only one who can help me out. Actually Uncle could also do so but I don’t have enough guts to type this and send it to him. I can’t stop myself from being in love with her and also can’t force or manipulate her to reciprocate those feelings towards me. So I thought of asking your help. If you think my feelings are genuine and you have grown a little bit of concern then please do help me. I am grown enough to know my responsibilities towards my parents and the same of her towards you and uncle. I do not want take any wrong step, like the modern day youth does (pretty much being influenced by Bollywood movies). This would only ruin my and your families’ reputation and bring embarrassment.

My family would also not agree to this relation easily, I know, but I desperately want her and had to start somehow. So I thought I should contact the person who matters the most. I am doing my bit.  She is your daughter and you reserve every right to take decisions for her, and being an ideal daughter, Anu would accept them readily. Not that I won’t be able to live forever without Anu, neither would it affect my studies or anything. But one thing is for sure that I want to keep Anu happy forever, I want to live my future with her. I wish to create new memories throughout my life with Anu. I wish to take care of her while she takes care of you and uncle as long as you live and even after that.

Within months we would be Engineers and I have been able to grab a job offer even with a decent salary. I know that for a good future Money matters but less than the happiness. I love her so much that I would do anything to keep her happy. While I am writing this letter to you, I do not even know whether Anu has or will have any feelings for me as someone more than a friend. And believe me if she does not want me more than a friend, I would not bother you ever again. I repeat Aunty that I am not writing this to impress or manipulate you, I want your help. I need your opinion about my and Anu’s relation. If you agree then only I would persuade Anu and the other people who matter but ofcourse not without your help.

-Your could be son,

__END__

