Love Story – Healing love in life and death

WILL LOVE ALWAYS CURE?

Darkness cannot drive out darkness

Light can do that

Hate cannot drive out hate

Only love can do that

The night grew lonely..Darkness seemed to engulf the day dry off its essence.I sat there in mute misery,my face in my hands..What had just happened? The one thing that I owned,cherished and cared for had just vanished off my life in  that one moment.Why is life is cruel?….

Memories kept flooding onto me and I couldn’t stop myself that I started crying as the wind from the roaring waves hit my face. I could still remember the time I saw her..She had almond shaped eyes and long hair and she was as beautiful as every pearl I could find..She walked in the college with so much boldness that she could change anything.. Her name was Harshita..I am Cabir..

I was a cool guy back then..I was the leader of Fab 5 which was the most popular band in our college..We made sure no one would mess with us and even if they did we would make them feel for it..Even though we show to others that we are popular and cool, all the five of us had the deepest secrets that no one knew of us..All of us had undergone tough hurdles in life which is still etched in our minds till now..

My first meeting with Harshita was even we were playing a prank on Ashwin who was the coward in our class..We asked him to take off his shirt and pants and dance around the college.We took a video of that and uploaded it in youtube which made him go for suicidal attempt..That was when Harshita first entered the college..When everyone was feeling scared to step up and console Ashwin, Harshita took no notice and ran to save him..

Before she could further ask any questions, our gang stepped up to her and asked her to stay away, if not he will send up like him..She was not like any others..She stood up with that pride and challenged us that we could do whatever to her and that she would not care..My friends decided to fight with her but I held them back..I wanted to torture her slowly so that she would suffer every moment of why she thought of messing with Fab 5…

I asked her to come to a bar nearby at 7pm that night and she refused..I asked her if she was a coward and she agreed instantly..I got her drunk that night and gave her a most prized possession that I owned…I asked her to break it and I asked my other friend named Manik to take a video of it..The next day I showed her the video and said that she needs to pay for my possession if not I would sue her to my lawyer..

That was when I could see the fear in her eyes and she said that she could not afford that much money and that she does not want to trouble her aunt…I asked her to get the money from her mother and that was when I found out she was an orphan..Having no sense of pettiness in her,I asked her for a deal..If she would be my spot(servant) for one whole month I would not ask her to pay the money for the possession..She was confused and irritated at first but she said okay to me.

.In that one month she gave me three treasure that I lost tonight. She gave me hope, love and promise. Hope that everything in this world will be alright..That she would love me no matter what and promise that she will be there for me whenever I needed her the most..She helped to understand that I had so much goodness in myself. She said that I need to smile more as it looks good on me and as much I loved my friends, She loved them too..She cared for them and helped them to overcome problems in their lives as well..

When I told her that I trust her and told her that my mother was having an affair with a guy of my age(which was my deepest secret), She did not laugh at me like others would..When I told her that my mother was a disgrace to the most beautiful relationship which was the mother son relationship, She said that she would care for me as a mother..

Now who would say these to me..?

Will a lifeless body lying in front of me before 2 hrs tell me those?

Why did a car accident took her away from me forever..Drenched in these thoughts,I saw a sharp blade in front of me.. Maybe is there still hope left..?Maybe I could die and still live with her..I took the blade and held it near my neck..I took my last breath before the world turn dark…..

__END__

