Short Story Love – A Journey

Photo credit: 

 from 

I reached the railway station with couple of friends with me. Train arrived on the platform and we rushed to get in as it is not going to stop there for more than a minute.

The movement I stepped into the train I could hear people singing and playing some music instruments. I felt happy listening the music and settled down in my seat. For next few minutes I was enjoying the music and was busy gossiping with my friends. I could not resist to look at the troop.

I turned back and found around 20 people in the very next cabin singing and a person playing guitar. Suddenly my eyes stopped at a guy who is staring at me. His eyes were very attractive and felt like his eyes were telling me hundreds of unspoken words. I turned away trying to escape from his looks and started talking to my friends.

I was resisting myself from turning back, suddenly I saw him in front of me standing near the door with his headphones in the ears, iPod in his hand and the looks on me. He was a tall and a handsome guy with very attractive eyes. I was pretending as if I did not know what was going on and tried to be as casual as I could. As the time passed, I was looking at him many times unknowingly and the feeling when I look at him is not explainable. I was feeling out of world and felt like everything is beautiful around me. I wanted that movement to freeze.

But the time was passing away and it was around 12 in the night when everyone were getting ready to take a nap. He was still in the same position. His friends called him many times but he was behaving as if he was alone in this world. We decided to sleep as that was a very long day and I settled down in the lower berth. He was still watching me sleep. One of his friends had to force him back to his berth. I slowly fell asleep. By the time I woke up in the morning it was already 7 and our train is going to reach the destination in another one hour .

I got up and looked around. I spotted him right in front of me and now he was looking at me as if he is going to miss something. Somehow I too have the same feelings inside me but I did not show them on my face. I have got freshen up and we reached our destination within no time.

Its time to head back home. I was moving towards EXIT on the platform with a weird feeling. Then suddenly I heard a bell ringing which was breaking my head into pieces. I closed my eyes tightly not knowing what was happening around me. When I opened my eyes I saw my mom in front of me and could hear my alarm ringing. Ah, its time to get back to real world with all the busy schedules. No worries, will be back to the dream world in another 15 hours :)

__END__

