LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

I am Pinky Sharma; age 25 years and working as a software engineer. For the first time I have been staying away from family. Until my engineering days I use to stay with my family; enjoy the good food prepared by mom; fight with my brother over any and every thing; get chocolates from my father. Once I left house and started working I realized the importance of family in my life; I miss them and only twice a year can I meet them.

It has been 2 years now since I have started working and a lot has changed in my life. I was lucky enough to get a job through campus placement in one of the biggest IT companies in India. Along with me 5 more people got placed but I was not friends with anyone during the college days; my bonding with them got better once I started working with them. Well I still remember the first day of job; I was nervous and tensed with the new chapter which was going to begin in my life. We had to report to the HRs of the company who gave us the induction and introduced us with the policies, procedures, and culture of the company. For almost a week there were various formalities which had to be completed and finally my job life began.

People from my college had also joined at the same location and since we knew each other we would usually go around together during the coffee breaks and lunch breaks. One fine day a senior from our college who use to work in the same company joined us during lunch. Vivek who was one year senior to me during college and from the college days itself I had a crush on him. It was not his looks or his physique which had attracted me towards him but it was his acting skills which had impressed me. He was a member of drama club during the college days and the first skit which made me fell in love with him would be during the independence day. He along with the group performed a skit where the theme was 

. The way he had acted and tried to deliver a message had attracted me towards him. But I never had the courage to go and talk to him and during the process I learnt that he has a girlfriend. I was heartbroken and sad knowing the fact that he had a girlfriend and I thought my love story that time itself. However my attraction towards him has been existing still today.

It was like a dream come true that I was going to have lunch with Vivek. For the first time I was sitting face to face with him and I had a similar nervousness as I had on the first day of job. Being a senior he had come to meet the juniors and make us feel comfortable at the unknown environment. He started telling us more about the company and his experience in the past one year. He asked us about how we felt in the couple of days and by the end of lunch he said if we had any trouble we could contact him any time.

Life at office went on usual where sometimes I would get a chance to meet Vivek. I got to know that after college he had a breakup with his girlfriend and this news made me happy from within. Vivek continued acting even at office and he had established a drama group even at office. He even made one short movie and again this year he was planning to make one such movie. He informed us about this plan and we juniors went to the drama room to see what he was upto with the group. We all assembled and I was watching him intently and seeing him discuss with the team about the theme and plot for the movie. The theme which they had selected was 

. I could see some intense discussion going on and suddenly I interrupted them in between.

I: “Can I give some idea related to the theme?”

Everyone looked at me with curiosity; their looks made me feel scared and wonder did I do some mistake by interrupting in between. After a minute Vivek broke the silence.

Vivek: “Guys she was my junior at college. Let us just hear what she has to say; atleast there is no harm in having more than one idea. What do you say?”

Everyone in the group agreed in chorus to listening to me.

I: “Well your theme is social life; why don’t you show those people who are important in the social life of an employee like a security guard who checks the bag at gate; the housekeeping staff who makes sure floors are clean; the stationary boy who provides us with notepads; the canteen boy who gives us food during lunch. Well there is a bonding even with these people isn’t it?”

After I gave the suggestion I was looking at them. They all had a blank face and I thought I had spoken a lot and they did not like my idea. While I was lost in my thoughts I heard Vivek speak.

Vivek: “Interesting idea. Let us try coming up with the story and Pinky if you want you can also help us with the idea.”

I: “I would love to work with you people in this”

Vivek: “Fine then you can come tomorrow after 6 here and we would discuss about the story.”

After the discussion we all left for home. I could not believe that finally I was going to spend every evening with Vivek; I pinched myself so that I could be sure it was not a dream. I was excited and I wanted to share this news with someone and finally I called up my best friend with whom I had shared every detail of my life. She knew I had a crush on Vivek during college days and also about how I met him again at office. She kept listening to me and I kept talking to her in excitement.

Finally I kept the phone and I started eagerly waiting for the next day. Next day at office was not easy; the whole day I kept thinking I was going to spend time with Vivek; and this thought made me super excited. I just wondered that people around me don’t figure out this fact. Quickly I finished my work and reached the drama room; I was quite early and there was no one. I was waiting to see Vivek and every minute looked like 100 years. Finally Vivek arrived with his team and then they all started with work.

Entire day I had been sitting exciting and waiting to talk to Vivek and seeing him I could feel a bright smile on my face. We started working on the story and defined different characters of the story; decision over who would play which character was also done during that time. I helped them with story and there were times when Vivek complimented me for the idea. I was feeling like I was in cloud nine. For a week the rehearsals went and I would go there and watch the group as a spectator. I would give them suggestions over improvement and during this period I got a good opportunity to talk to Vivek. After the rehearsals were over I got a request from Vivek on my office communicator. I added him and messaged him hi; he did not reply and I kept looking at his chat screen waiting for his response; finally after an hour he replied to me.

Vivek: “Sorry was away for a meeting.”

I: “Its fine.”

Vivek: “Well thanks for the help with the movie.”

I: “No thanks please. I had so much fun working with you. I mean you all.”

Vivek: “I was just wondering why I never came across such a talented girl during college.”

Vivek was complimenting me; I could not believe this.

I: “Well I have no idea. J”

Vivek: “We would start with the editing of the movie. Would you want to join us?”

I: “Yeah sure”.

I was again excited that I would get to spend time with Vivek. Editing of movie began and on weekends Vivek invited us to his place for dinner. By the time dinner got over we got late and Vivek offered me to drop me to my place. I agreed to his offer and we left on his bike; I had always dreamt of going on a long ride with Vivek and somehow I felt it coming true.

Things kept going as usual and I had started chatting with Vivek frequently on the office communicator. I was yet to express my love for him and I was not sure how I would do this. I kept thinking what if he rejected me but then I had to tell him about my feelings. One day during chat Vivek said that the movie which we made has been liked by everyone in the management team and during one of the townhall meeting it would be shown to every employee.

Vivek: “The team is so excited with this news and they want to celebrate this occasion. For this we are planning to go somewhere for a weekend. Would you want to join us?”

I wanted to say yes immediately but then I did not want to sound too desperate.

I: “I will think about it and tell you later.”

Vivek: “Sure take your time but it would be nice if you also join us.”

Now I was in a dilemma that did Vivek also felt the same way for me as I did for him. I decided to accompany him in the trip and confront my feelings for him. We decided to visit Goa; while going I got a chance to sit next to Vivek. We reached there Saturday morning and started exploring the place and in the evening we were on the beach watching sunset together and that was the time I gave him my first love letter. I asked Vivek to come for a walk on the beach with me.

While seeing the sunset I said “It looks nice isnt it watching the sunset on the beach”.

 Vivek: “Yes”

I: “I want to give you something please read it and reply to it tomorrow.”

I had handed him the love letter. Here is what I had written to him.

After giving him the letter I left for room. It was difficult for me to sleep the entire night and I kept thinking how would Vivek reply to the letter. Various thoughts came to my mind such as – did I do a right thing by confronting my feelings for him; should I have waited for him to propose; is the letter romantic enough to express my feelings; I had so many thoughts and it felt like I was waiting for my boards results and the question was would I pass or not. The night got over finally and I got a call on my number at 6.

Someone on the phone, Mr. X: “Hello is this Pinky Sharma?”

I: “Yes.”

Mr. X: “Do you know Mr. Vivek?”

I: “Yes I do know him. Why what happened?”

Mr. X: “Mam why don’t you come to the beach and figure it out yourself.”

I was tensed as to what happened to Vivek suddenly; did he read my letter; did he get angry because of me; what did this man want to say. I had so many questions and without even changing or combing my hairs I rushed towards the beach. I was still in my pink night dress and my hair falling over my face. When I reached the beach and what I saw I was just dumbstruck and amazed at the sight. On the sand Vivek had made a heart and decorated it with a flower.

Vivek: “Good morning. You look so beautiful after getting up. I wanted to see your face immediately after you get up.”

I: “Ummm… Thanks.”

Vivek: “Does this heart answer your question?”

I still could not believe that Vivek had actually made a beautiful heart for me; I kept looking at it.

Vivek: “What happened you did not like it? I thought I would give my heart to you as a reply to your letter. Yes I want to be a part of your life forever.”

I: “Well its not like that… Its just that… This heart looks so beautiful…”

Suddenly I felt everything around me was different and I had no idea how to react to it. Vivek sat on his knees and I realized he was going to propose. It was happening in real and Vivek was actually proposing me.

Vivek: “I never thought you would ask me to become your lover. I must admit the day you started coming to the drama room and said you had an idea I was not too keen on listening to it. But when you gave your idea and everyday your suggestions made our work look better I started feeling you were special and different. I wish today was valentine’s day then I would have asked you – will you be my valentine and have a wonderful time and feel divine.”

I: “Yes I want to be your valentine and want to experience the ups and downs of life with you.”

Vivek got up from his knees and we hugged each other. I could feel the morning breeze touching my skin and the sun rays falling over me as if nature was blessing me. It was a new beginning and life ahead with Vivek was going to be beautiful. I don’t even realize how 2 years have passed since I wrote my first love letter to Vivek and after which we officially declared our love for each other. In another 6 months we would be getting married but convincing our parents for marriage was not easy. They had their own excuses when we mentioned about loving each other; 

and host of other excuses. But finally we were able to convince them that the match between two hearts is more important in a relation than anything. We got engaged a month back and this valentine I got a bouquet of flower with a small letter from Vivek:

This is a small story Vivek and me and Vivek is going to become my husband in another 6 months. Hope you would have loved it.

— The end.

