Short Story of Love and Pride.

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was just like every normal day, but something was about to happen that will change their lives forever. He was with his two friends, hanging out laughing but suddenly he couldn’t take it anymore.

“I am deep in love with her”, he exclaimed. She doesn’t care he says. I was shocked to hear his every words as i could see him crying behind his fake smile. He asked to find a way to know how the girl actually felt about him. Maybe the gods were watching that day, someone agreed to help. The two friends talk for hours about how he felt. They tried to find a solution to his problem but all was in vain.

They couldn’t do anything, then suddenly a plan popped and both agreed to go along the plan. Along the way hearts were broken,played, tears were fallen. The friendship he and the girl had been in line. Everything, was against the girl, she had a lot of explaining to do. It seemed like she cheated on him, we thought he was treated like an option. He went to look for answers but returns with suspicions, he was hiding something this time. After all that how could he forgive her I asked myself.

Along the way I got involved, I saw their complications, their love, the attachment they had.

Then something was finally understood, he never wanted her as his own, in a cage, I suppose. He just wanted to spend as much time as he possibly can, being friend was enough for him, it  hurt a lot at times but she was worth it.

How could I’ ve known, I didn’t know what getting hurt or loving someone feels like. Watching them, I got soft. All these years I closed my heart letting nothing in just because I was afraid, but now I knew the pain through loving someone is something we all require to appreciate love.

It seemed like I had loosen him up, his pain was less. I thought this would have no effect on me, but along the way I could feel something being different. I guess I was now willing to fall in love. I was talking to a girl, she is in love with me , I guessed. She seemed like a nice girl and the one I could fall in love with. I shared my feelings, I cut off my strings with other girls I Some people don’t understand the promises they’re making when they make them,  I too belong there.

“Right, of course. But you keep the promise anyway. That’s what love is. Love is keeping the promise anyway.

Doesn’t really matter if we can keep them what matters is we are willing to keep them just for you.knew. A little by little, I fall in love with her but I think I took a lot of time. I wasn’t ready then and she exclaims she isn’t ready now.

All these years I was proud, proud of being able to listen what other’s heart spoke. But this time I was in dilemma, how could I’ve misjudge her efforts as love. I got hurt, my pride won’t let me show effort but my heart didn’t bother asking my pride before showing an effort.

I think it still felt like it could call her heart and get a good response. But in vain, my pride took over. I guess I wasn’t ready to get hurt and be her shadow. I abandoned my hope and now I am still alone.

I am in the same place but something is different, I now know what love is better, I’ve come to an understanding with my heart. At times I wanted her to feel the pain, but when you understand love properly you would know i couldn’t have even if i had tried.

Reading about love doesn’t help, ways to make them fall for you doesn’t work, getting over is tough, trust me I know.

Let them know what they are missing, find someone who you can love deeper than them. Don’t worry to open your heart again, and wait for the right person. If it gets broken again don’t give up, There will be someone who will understand you completely and mend your broken heart or will die trying.

Trust me I know.

 –END–

