Short Story – My consort : My love (part-1)

Everyday the time was scheduled for the first class of our time table. But that day the schedule was different. I was nervous but emotionally euphoric to narrate my love story to all my friends. I was smiling and feeling shy as I was going to meet Abhay for the first time. My emotions were getting uncontrolled , I was restless. Every scene of my past life were trying to capture my active state of mind. I was unable to serialize them as which happened first.

 All gathered and settled in the park at sharp 11a.m and some still trying to get a seat. I looked at all of them and tears gushed out my eyes. Everyone was surprised at my behavior.

My college was infront of a jogging park where big stars and celebrities used to come. My friends always wished to meet Abhay, who was then the most dashing hero in the Bollywood. But I was never excited to have even a glance of any bollwood artist. I thought every artist were fake. The problem was our college started at 10a.m ,and by that time everyone were gone from the park. We tried many times coming early morning but outsiders were not allowed to enter the park. The parking area of the park was also within the boundaries of the park for security reasons. We could not come on a daily basis as our homes were far from that place. We made every sort of attempts to accomplish our wish but it failed.

In the last semester, we got a notice that there will be an inter college dance competition that will be staged in our college and the chief guest will be……..Abhay, The Superstar. My friends were super excited but I was only happy for them. “I was good hmmm…. you can say rather the best dancer of our batch.” Since we were senior most in the college, Director gave us the opportunity to organize the function. The day arrived when my friends were going to meet their hopes.

Lights on…dance begun. I could see his face for only 2 to 3 secs as there were disco lights. My last step was to take a jump from the stage to the floor. I was prepared for it but it did not happen as I thought. Someone thought I would get hurt. When lights were on I could see myself in the arms of “Abhay”. Either I was not aware of the reality or I was not ready to come down. It never happened to me before.

Suddenly I could hear voices yelling at me ,only then I felt uncomfortable. I came down and rushed towards the wash room. Then I thought it will be better for my heart which was beating faster than my foot steps,to go home and get relaxed. I hired a taxi, not ready to wait for the bus to reach home. I escaped silently to my room, so that no one can have a glance of my odd behavior. I did not want to behave in such a way, I was amazed for I was hiding myself from my mom.

Sometimes a mirror saves you out of a problem, and now it was my turn. The smile on my face was unending. At that time I could hear knocking of my door. My mom opened the door, and enquired what the person was in need of. I went towards the door and to my surprise I could see the same face of whom I was imagining of, Abhay. I introduced the famous identity to my mother. My mother was a simple person always busy in her household work, so she could not identify him.

Abhay started speaking to my mother, just then my father returned from his work place. My parents sat down on the sofa and asked him about his presence all of a sudden. He said , he had come for my hand. Everyone there was astonished by his words. But somehow Abhay managed to convince my parents. I was just standing there like a statue. Suddenly I could feel a vibration from center of my heart to all my body parts. My father then asked him to give some time to think over it so that he could take a decision. Everything was on a speed.

After a regular discussion and argue with my mother, my father called on him and said “let my daughter complete her graduation and then I will be ready for everything but till then there will be no contact between you and my daughter”.

Abhay hesitated a bit but agreed to this conversation. Next day everything was same except my heart bit rate. There’s nothing quite as exhilarating as the early stages of a love relationship. Just the thought that you may have found your one-and-only can be so thrilling. But, my early stages of falling in love was frustrating because we could not meet. Everything else going on in my life was like a rude intrusion. I couldn’t stop thinking about Abhay. I had sleepless nights thinking what our future will look like together.

One day I got a friend request in one of a social site from Abhay. He had sent a message that my parents had asked not to meet , but we can chat. I was dying to see him, so I accepted his request. And then chatting went on for many days. We exchanged lot of our likes and dislikes.

When you get something so easily it becomes harder to keep it. Suddenly Abhay was unavailable in the social site and also his phone was unreachable. Always a wrong view comes to our mind whenever we are in difficulty. I started doubting Abhay’s love for me.

After a few days my father came running from his office and switched on TV. A news about Abhay was continuously displayed on the screen. Abhay was arrested for a crime and he was sentenced for a prolonged imprisonment. It was not at all easy for me to grasp this news. I was disheartened. But somewhere in my heart it was totally unacceptable that Abhay had conducted it.

My father, a strong hearted person was totally dejected. Infact all of us were totally distressed and none of us even went outside for many days. But everyday and night my heart was haunting me, so I decided to go and meet Abhay. My father also agreed to it and accompanied me to meet him. When I saw Abhay behind the bars , I couldnot even stand on my feet as if a wave arrived suddenly and washed away the sand on which I was standing. Somehow I managed and strengthen myself to speak to Abahy.

I got to know that he was arrested for imposition. He had signed to act in a movie but was unavailable to enact it. But he refused to have done such a thing, the film maker was trying to manipulate him. The maker had throbbed him initially and then not agreeing to him he took such a step. He accused Abhay for breaking the contract that was duly signed by him. My father ascultated the whole story and decided to help him in getting justice.

***

(to be continued)

