Love Short Story – Love in five steps

Photo credit: 

 from 

I love you so much. I love you in numberless forms. I want to make you happy. I am the summer breeze in the night when you want pleasant feel. I am the fragrance from jasmines when you walk in the garden under the blue sky spreading moonlight. I sing for you in the form of cuckoo bird to make you feel how great this will be eat the new leaf ends. You can hear me when the brooks sing in the dark night also. My love manifests in many forms for you. I believe, one day, you will know the truth and realize how much I love you. I become the flying bird in sky in the evening, searching for your love. I become the heat in the sun rays to make you warm, to make you feel my love. I am the soft dress on your body, want to die by burning, but I am not felt! Alas, I lost my life numberless times there also. I touch your lips in the form of pleasant breeze, but you don’t feel me and I die soon. I entered the air and water and went in and out of you; you can see my love in numberless forms.

I love you so much. You can see my love in numberless times. You loved the food and drinks. I was there. You loved many things as goal or aspiration to achieve that something, I was with you to have the achievements. You can see me as your strong willpower to achieve. You know, I love you and I expressed my love in numberless times to make you have the achievements. Whenever I tried to make you win, I was there with you as the invisible power. My love is in numberless times and it made you win numberless times. Every time I loved you, I greeted you as your win!

I love you so much. My love is life after life. You know, I die for my love sake and I take life again to meet you. I am like water loving the heat in sun rays. I get dry and go up to meet the sun. My love never dies though I die with the heat of the sun. I stay in the clouds and fall as the water drops in the rain. Again I start loving the sun rays. My love goes like this life after life. I appear in human love also life after life to say that love is endless.

This love is forever. It remains birth after birth. It says that it never ends and it is forever. I love you, my nature and I am your man so crazy to meet you. I want to meet you as you are woman and I am man and love is our life. Without love there is no life, the life without love is dry like hay. How can I forget you? You are my life and you are my soul. I always dream to meet you. However you look to others I don’t care, I see you like the most beautiful woman on earth! I love you so much. My love is forever and for long and long, not briefly.

I am a water drop on fresh green leaves fetching out to see the new world. The rain is stopped. The wet leaves on the tree are trying to shake the body and warm up. I am also one among the water drops falling on the ground. My love is not momentary, I want to say honestly. I am living and dying for your love. I am waiting for the rain to bring me back to make you feel together with me, may be for a little time, then I will be happy to die with the hope that I will be back when you are young and call me back. Every time I die, I am happy with the confidence that I will meet you in numberless forms, numberless times, and life after life, forever.

–END–

