Love Short Story – Love Stars

Photo credit: 

 from 

David is a 22 year young man .He is continuously walking for 2 hours. He don’t know why he is walking,where he is going even he is not bother about the peoples who are passing him. He is some where.

Continues flashes of memory are coming inside his head .He wants to control but not able to do that. All flashes are getting mixed with each other. He don’t know how to express. His face is blank completely. He is moving like he is dead. but a thought of someone is continuously sticking his head. It is a thought of a girl Anna.

When ever her name comes into his mind a sweet sensation spread inside his stomach. If any one take name of her in front of him, his cheeks became red and he starts to blush. David love her so much. But she don’t know about his feelings.

David just go to college to see glimpse of Anna. He always wait for her to come out so he can just see her .David know she will never notice him until he express himself in front of her but David in not sad he is happy he is in love. He is not thinking about anything he is fulfilled with his love for Anna. He is always thinking about her

 One day David bring his all courage together and decide to convey his feeling to Anna. He saw Anna coming with her friends. He is very nervous. But he consider that situation as do or die. So he stopped her .Anna is surprised

David –Anna ,I know you don’t know me but I know I love you

 David continues

 I am continuously thinking about you Every where I look i saw you. I feel like you are with me all the time. with every breath I feel you. Every song I hear is belongs to you. Every thing I buy I feel like I am buying for you.I am continuously talking to you in my thoughts. I don’t know what to do. There is always a sweet pain occur in heart whenever I see you

After all these words ,Anna just went straight to her home.

David became sad he don’t know what to do. David’s heart became scared and from next day David starts to avoid college because he is so afraid to go in front of Anna and he starts to lose all hopes to see Anna again. Now David is thinking why he did expressed himself in front of Anna and his heart start to pain.

 But after 1 month David got a call David is surprised to hear voice of Anna .He is amazed, exited & peak of his emotions. He thank lord for these with his crying heart.

Anna- David why you not coming to college.

 David-you know my name(surprisingly).

 Anna-Its OK David, we can be friends but not more than that. I have a boyfriend. But we can be friends.

David-OK Anna and he cut the phone.

David is sad because Anna doesn’t accept him but his heart is happy because 1st time he is talking to Anna .He feel certain peace in his heart.

 David is fully field from his love for Anna. It doesn’t matter to David in which role he is going to talk to Anna, friend or boyfriend. he is happy to became friend because even he is not excepting this. We can see the happiness and love in eyes of David

Now David and Anna starts to talk with each. In some period they became very close to each other and they start to share every thing David start to love Anna even more. In David’s phone every song present is favorite of Anna. He naturally start to change for Anna. He just stairs Anna when she is talking to him. He even don’t want to speak a single word because he loves Anna’s voice. Now Anna’s wish is Davis’s wish. He is trying to fulfill every wish that Anna have .He is working hard now. He’s world start from Anna and completes on Anna. He never want’s to disappoint Anna. They also fight but David starts to cry whenever Anna says she never going to talk to him again.

 David-sorry Anna

 Anna-I don’t want to see you.(naughtily)

 David-why(start to cry).

 Anna-Aww.. David you are too cute

 (she starts laughing)

 David replays :I love you Anna

 Anna-Aww. I wish i could say I love you too.

 David-I don’t mind. you can say

 Anna- hehehe…

David is now on the seventh sky of happiness. He starts to blush. He feels complete. Anna is like a breath that David takes

PRESENT:-

 Now David is reached near to a hill. He  smiles (by remembering all these incidences).

Thoughts again start to flow and he starts again to travels in memory

 David is happy and delighted, every thing seems amazing to him.

 A phone call again come to David. now these time is not from Anna it is from her friend

 David-Hi, Daisy (In excitement).

 Daisy-I want to say something to you.

 David-what happen Daisy why your voice is down .Is there is any problem.

 Daisy-Anna is no more David

 David-you are joking right!.

 David- I hate these kind of jokes Daisy

 Daisy-She got a accident. She is dead on the spot.

 David-Enough Daisy.

 Daisy-Sorry ,I am really sorry But she is dead

And daisy starts to cry and explains everything.

David is now blank. He lost his conciseness

 When he wake up he found himself in his friends house.

David starts to cry straightaway He feels like he lost his soul. He starts to beat himself His friends stops him. But he is in deep pain barely he start too cry

 It’s a great shock for David. He lost all his hope. He is so depressed that he is now under the scrutiny of mental specialist He is totally dead from inside. He don’t want to live .He hate every thing. After two months he get out of his house for walk

Present-(near hill)

A drop of tear falls from his eyes. He starts to cry & shout loudly.

 Why you done these to me. What is my fault, Scold me, Slap me do what ever you want to do with me but don’t go. I will do what ever to make you happy. We will together make your every dream true. I love you Anna don’t leave me like that. I am comfortable to be your friend fo the rest of your life. Even I don’t want to become more than that. Come back Anna. I am nothing without you & he just climb up to top of that hill to kill himself

 But certain voice stopped him. These voice is coming from inside. These voice is telling David that your work is still not complete, Love doesn’t means live with each other, love means happiness of your love. Don’t be selfish David. Don’t die for yourself. Live for Anna. Live to complete hers’ dreams. Make her dreams real. Now David you have nothing to loose. Everything to gain Start again David show you courage. If you really love her Is time for your action. Don’t let your pain die David but take an inspiration from it and convert it into your strength. Show your courage David. your love is your power.

 He start to feel little silence in his heart

He Decide to comeback to his life. Now he want to live for Anna. David start to work toward Anna’s Dream .He opens a Add agency. Even after 3 years he is still working hard for her dream .He give name to his Agency on Anna’s name .Now it became one of the best emerging agency in country and surely he will going to achieve the dream top spot of Anna.

__END__

