Short Story Vampire Love – MATE

Photo credit: 

 from 

What you look is not same as what you see…..When I was a child my father often told me this. Who am I?  I would have told you but that is not important. The thing which is …I will tell you now. I am a skeptic, I have always been so .And it is not so because I am a rebel. On the contrary, it is so because I have always wanted to believe .I sincerely still do.

I always wanted to believe in the goodness and all that is and ever was holy. I wanted to find the light of wisdom and path which would lead me to my creator. But what is a creature’s desire in front of the foretold destiny .And so from the earliest of my living memories, I have seen nothing but PURE HELL, where each creature ate the dead and decay of another or sometime each other.   The pure objective of life was to survive one more day to feed on others physically, mentally or emotionally.

All I am saying is, I am in a place where I never wanted to be. There is no going back and there is no going forward either. What I feel is nothing….I am as numb as the coldest thumb in your hand .I have now found that the power and strength I ever had, is dissolved  leaving me nothing but a pawn at her hand.

I always ridiculed my brother when he told me that when I will go through something like this; it would be a trauma .As I was convinced in my skepticism that it was pure fantasy, a romantic fool I had called him. At this humbling moment I would even accept that, I had often taken advantage of my brother venerable position. However, in my defense I just have to say that I did and do love my brother, however it was his foolish and truly impossible idea of having a human as his mates which always had enraged me. Little, did I know the cards were so decked against me?

Since you asked, fine I will tell you. I am a predator. I am dangerous, bloodthirsty and powerful being .Humans have various names for us, I prefer VAMPIRE. But that is not my problem. It’s her who is.

In our world mates are an incarnation or the closest form of God and humans are the only better than animals.

I was at my brother’s mate house last night …. (She is a human. I didn’t intend on any harm, I was just checking the territory)….Her aunt is visiting. With my lethal charms, I walked in to pay my respect. My brother’s wary eyes were flashing its warning and threats .For most part I ignored them and at some another I tried to look as innocent as possible.

What I didn’t speculate was this …after dinner the dear aunt called out her other niece .While I was relishing  the idea that I would mascara one  more of my brother’s mate family..

I turn to see her in the farther corner of the room; I just saw an image which stopped my breath, as if the air had been sucked out of the room. I was immobile while she came smiling, her long flowing hair sweeping the ground. My mate glided towards me like a feather falling from the sky. She was unconscious of the fact that she was destined to me mine, but I knew at once. As she closed distance, the vibration of her blood had me rattling. The entire vicinity was humming with the frequency which was way powerful for me, even in its raw form. My heart was thumping like it would jump out of my chest. My bones buckled refusing to support me anymore and were being pulled for submission on to her feet. I barely recovered from the shock. Her magnetic presence had me stuck.  I was like an iron fling in front of a magnet, Like a blowing leaf in the wind, like the first rain drop falling on the ground………

__END__

