Love Short Story: Love and Despair

Photo credit: 

 from 

She sits depressed in room staring at the bottle and the razor trying to decide which poison she wants to pick, for she felt her life was over she no longer had anything to live for her one and only true love had died unexpectedly in a car accident, all she wants to do is ease some of the pain away all she has left is his beautiful drawings. She then picks up the bottle of vodka takes a drink, walks into the bathroom at sits down on the floor thinking of what he would have wanted her to do.

She takes another drink and stares at the bottle then leans over and pours it down the tub realizing he would have been upset if she had done either of them. She picks up his picture and hugged it to her chest and cried wondering why did he have to leave her, he was what made the world seem beautiful and full of life and love. Now all she saw was despair and the darkness of the world her light had been extinguished. She curled up on the bathroom floor around his picture trying to remember the feel of his arms around her and the soft touch of his lips kissing her gently, she smiles sadly seeing his face perfectly memorized in her mind’s eye wishing she could relive every second she had with him.

She sits up and walks out of the house. She is on autopilot not even realizing where she was going until she stood in front of his apartment, she takes the key from around her neck and unlocks the door. Walking in, she is overwhelmed by the smell of his cologne and his scent makes the tears flow freely down her face. She walks down the hall and opens his bedroom door as she stands in the doorway staring at the room remembering all the good times they have had here.

She remembers the nights waking up to him staring at her will those loving warm brown eyes, as she asks “what’s wrong?”

He replies “nothing my love you just look so beautiful and peaceful when your asleep I couldn’t stop watching you.”

She walks into the room in a daze as she is looking through memories remembering how perfect he was even with his flaws. She walks over to what used to be there bed and curls up in the middle breathing in deeply smelling his scent on everything and cries,

“Why did you take him from me God he was what made me see the love in this world and cherish it, he was everything to me!”

She buries her face in a pillow and the bed and cries herself to sleep. As she is waking up she rolls over to curl up closer to him, just to remember she will never be able to cuddle with him again, as she lies there the hole in her chest seems to engulf her entire body in darkness and desperation of needing and loving him more than life. She sits up in the middle of their bed and hugs her knees to her chest and buries her head on her arms trying to decide what to do.

She gets up and goes outside down to the pier by his apartment and stares out at the night sky over the ocean wondering if she can live without him she walks into the freezing cold water and decides she can’t and won’t live without him so she walks out into the ocean until she is standing with her head under and right as she like she will finally be with him she hears his voice,

“Baby please don’t do this I need you to live for the both of us and for our baby, my love you are pregnant, please live for our baby and remember no matter what I will love you forever and always, you are my everything”

She is so surprised she almost breathes in a mouth full of water. She swims back to shore and sits on the beach watching the sunrise and thinking of what he would want the child to be named and all she can come up with is Hunter James.

__END__

