This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 30 Aug 2014 and won 

Short Story of Just A teenager

“Babe! Is there a problem?” he asked politely, even though he was getting irritated.

“N..o” she said, looking down.

“What the F**k! Tell me what’s going on!” he roared. She got up and started running towards the place that would no longer be her home.

Fairy tales start with a long time ago…, so is this one? I would say yes and am I part? I know you don’t care but yes I am. So here we go.

A long time ago lived a princess named Cinderella, oh! Sorry!, Amber and she was just a girl rather, she wasn’t much tall, wasn’t much short, wasn’t much pale, wasn’t much dark, she wasn’t too skinny, wasn’t much fat. You want to know what she was? Perfect I would say. Her parents were good but then again that depends on how you define good. This is not a fairy tale yet, sadly life kicks in too. You see Amber was unique, even though nobody was giving her the rights to be, I will tell you why.

Amber had problems, not little but big ones. Her problem was that her problems were not problems to other people (I suggest you read that again) but all that they were, were

, they’ve got books, shows, compositions, reality shows on that, these days even shrinks are an expert on teenagers (I mean do they got school on that too). So this was Amber’s problem. If she got acne or frustrated or angry or sad, It was all a big teenage problem!! No big deal honey! Go find that book, attitude adjustments or how to open up or how to face the teenage life! So great isn’t it!

So this was Ambers problem. Once she had a boyfriend and they kissed. After two days they broke up, Amber was sad and disappointed, such a natural thing to be! Oh! Forgive me, such a teenage thing to be.

So this is what happened. One day Amber took a blade and slit her hands, both of them and she died. Well, no, that would suck right! But she did slit both of her hands that’s when I came.

Don’t worry this is not a love story. I am Rory, the prince! (that s**ks) That day when she slit her hands and was alone I came to her home looking for her, we had a project to do you see and I knew they always kept their back door open. I saw her there and was horrified, so I called a ambulance.

She was taken after that. They asked me if I was a family member and locked the door and went away.

After that I don’t pretty much know what happened, I don’t know if she died or was alive. But I did care, I tried her number which was always switched off, I don’t think her parents consulted a book at that point, at least I hope not because that’s what killed her, the tags.

After a week, at 3 in night, somebody threw a pebble at my window, one after the other, I first got scared but after that I just didn’t want the window to break and thus looked out to find her all wet (P.S. it was raining). So I told her to come at my back door.

The first thing I opened the door to find that she slapped me, she was so angry that day.

“You…..You!! You little Piece of sh*t, you ba***rd!” I did save her life, this was not the reaction I was hoping for.

So I calmed her down and invited her in my room so that, my parents didn’t wake. At first she was pissed off.

“You ba***rd, if you didn’t save my life that day, I wouldn’t have gone through all this!” she said.

“I thought I helped you” I said.

“No you didn’t Rory, you made it worse” Then I noticed she had a big bag pack with her.

“What’s up with the back pack” I asked.

“I am running away from hell, from being a teenager”

“No! You can’t do that, please don’t” I begged helplessly. But she never agreed.

“Then let me come with you” I told her.

“You would do that for me?” she asked me.

Well, I pretty much hated my life too. I was a geek. I got bullied practically every day and my parents never really cared for me.

I could tell you more. I could tell you that we ran to New York and I worked at star bucks and lived at a monastery for 2 and a half year. I could tell you that Amber became a Doctor. And that I became a Manager at an automotive company. We did fall in love. We never met our parents ever again, they never looked for me but they looked for Amber for a long time but after that they decided that she must have suicided, but I never heard about a funeral too.

But that doesn’t matter what did matter that, almost 15 yrs both of us lived a lie. Not because of what we were but because what people considered us to be. These days it grows more and more and more, you go anywhere and you get tagged, for any reason whatever. And this grows on……….

__END__

