Short Story – Love is Life

Photo credit: 

 from 

Simmy marries a varun, As every girl has some expectations from her marriage simmy also has . They both got one month courtship period before month in which they get to know each other and came close to each other .

Simmy came to varun’s house where she was surrounded by her husband, M.i.l, F.I.L and B.I.L. . they gone for honeymoon and spent 8 days as the most precisous days of there life and loved each other a lot.. Also varun received a message of a girl named simran that i love u varun pls, come back to me. We though some of his friend is kidding.

As they came back , it didn’t took much days to shatter the dreams of simmy where she started getting negligence and words from her m.i.l in her day to day life every alternative day she used to remind her that this is not your home this is your SASURAL so do what we ask. Varun never believed about this when simmy complaints her but she maintained her patience , days going varun receives blank calls and messages of simran .

One day she started uttering words , she used to call at landline and used to talk to simmy to abuse her that go from here either will do something , simran used to call on simmy’s mobile to harass her but then also simmy stayed calm having full trust on varun that he is trusty to her .

They thought of doing complaint to police but varun’s mother stopped doing so days gone like this , varun used to come late in night somewhere around 12AM , 1AM simmy used to wait for him for dinner. Simmy’s M.I.L used to taunt her when takes some fruits from Fridge to eat that pls. take care of ur husband also , you eat fruits but my son varun don’t .

Simmy tries to give fruits to varun but coming so late he use to have only dinner, simmy always listen this from her M.i.L for not taking care of varun and eating fruits herself and drinking milk herself never see that she waits for him so late for dinner even when she has to go to office in the morning, but its ok simmy maintained her silence and coolness.

Slowly slowly as their relationship moves ahead they both got very close to each other and varun came to know about her mothers behavior towards simmy but they both neglected that in their love. Simmy’s M.I.L used to taunt her everytime for spending much money outside even when simmy used give half of her salary to their inlaws, but she never said them anything. Simmy used to get calls of simran and she used to abuse her and say i’ll throw u out of my varun’s life .

one varun took decision and changed the mobile number of simmy after seeing her distressed but they never came to know about that girl who did this to them . Now its been 5 years and they had a sweet son who is the token of their love.In this i really appreciate the patience of simmy and really proud of such indian girls who does everything to maintain their relationship and change their lives according to the demand of situation .

__END__

