Short Story True Love – Love : A ray of hope!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

There are times when life comes to a standstill and you can’t see even a single ray of hope.

Anisha lost her father when she did not know the meaning of a father-daughter relationship. When she was in college she lost her mother in an accident.

Anisha had lost the desire to live anymore, she even tried committing suicide but could not succeed. She kept herself locked in a room for days, tears seemed to be endless. She felt lonely and desolate. But then came Aman, Anisha’s classmate. Aman liked her from the first day of the college but never had the courage to approach her.

One day when Anisha was sitting in her room staring at her parent’s photograph, her mobile rang. It was an unknown number Anisha thought it could be some relative but when she received the call it was Aman. Anisha was surprised because in college they had never interacted much.

Aman started the conversation,”I know you must be thinking that all of a sudden how I called.”

Anisha replied “No Aman nothing like that, tell me how are you?”

Their conversation lasted for a few minutes but before disconnecting Aman invited her to his birthday party. Anisha politely denied but he said that he is all alone on his birthday and wanted somebody to accompany him for diñner. Though Anisha was not in a mood for it but for the sake of curtsy she agreed.

Anisha got ready and reached the place where Aman had asked her. He was waiting for her outside the restaurant. When he saw her he was overwhelmed. Aman’s heart ached to hug her and tell her how deeply he was in love with her, from past so many years. But unfortunately he could not express the intense love he had for Anisha.

“Thanks for coming and sorry to disturb you all of a sudden.” said Aman with a smile.

Anisha smiled back and said ” I know how it feels to be alone.”

After dinner Aman insisted on dropping her home. Anisha agreed. While driving back Aman said “Are you better now? I came to know about your mother but never got an opportunity to meet you in person.”

Anisha replied,” I have no other option except moving on. I am an unlucky soul and thats why my parents left me.”

Tears rolled down her cheeks. Aman desperately wanted to tell her that he is there for her through all the ups & downs of life, but in the first meeting he could not say that out loud. They reached Anisha’s place and when she was getting down from the car Aman said:”I hope I can call you someday.”

Anisha simply nodded her head and left.

Next day Anisha woke up and kept sitting on bed for long, staring at her parents photograph. She realised that her wounds will never heal up if she keep herself caught in her room. She decided to apply for a job. A week later she got a call from an IT firm for interview. She brushed up her concepts and went for the interview. After an hour she got a call from HR that she has cleared the interview and the offer letter has been released.

Anisha immediately checked her mail, the package offered by the company was unexpected. She found some happiness after a long period of depression and sadness. But there was no one with whom she could share her happiness. She stood near the window of her room watching the sunset when her phone rang.

It was Aman again.”Hi Anisha, is this the right time to talk to you?”

“Yes Aman, please do not be so formal. You can call me anytime.”

Those words from Anisha encouraged Aman to ask her out. She agreed and they met for dinner. Anisha told him about her job offer. Aman was extremly happy seeing Anisha recovering from her phase of grief and depression.

 Their meetings became frequent and one day Aman gathered all his courage and told Anisha how much he loved her.

“It’s not from today or few weeks back it was from the first day of the college when I saw you. When you asked me the way to the classroom. I always wanted to express my feelings but never had the courage. In the last few days of the college when I finally decided to tell you, I came to know about your mother. So I waited for another two years for you to settle down.”

Anisha had never imagined that there could be someone who would ever love her so much. She said:”My stars have begun to change. I am lucky to have someone like you.”

Aman hugged her and proposed for marriage. A week later they got married with the consent of Aman’s parents.

 Aman’s love changed Anisha’s life completely, his love brought a ray of hope in Anisha’s life.

–END–

