Love Short Story – Her Love and Her family

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

There was a girl who born in one of the Middle class family, she was living with her family along with her father, mother, 2 elder Sister and 1 elder Brother. Girl was the youngest daughter in the House. As she grown up with lots of difficulties and lots of tragedy in her life. She love her mother alot and she too got lot of love from her family members.

As she was growing up she saw lot of dreams towards her carrer and life. With much tragedies in her life she completed her Graduation it was her first dream which came true, she use to dream and she use to tell her friends that after complition of her graduation she wanted to make her carrer by working in one of the famous MNC, then finally she completed her graduation by obtaining 1st class and that day she was on cloud.

Her next aim was to work with one of the MNC as a fresh, so she started hunting for job. She was just searching and searching but was not getting a dream job with dream companies,she was fed up and one day she decided to join any company with any profile. So she join as a receptionist in one of the courier office, as two days passed in the new office, she was not enjoying the work as she wanted.Then she left the job and she didnt gave up, again she started Hunting for the job, by keeping hope with her destiny, she started to search for the job again. Over 6 month passed way she didnt got the job and all her friend and relative use to laugh at her and made lot of funs, she was not understanding what to do. Then finally the day came she got the  Interview call from one of the MNC with urgent requirement. Unfortunetly that day she was ill and was not able to attend the interview. That day was like god was with her to fulfill her dream. She tackle and went to attend the interview and at the door of the office she found 1 person from the team member is waiting for her ,along with him she went to inside and gave the  interview and every thing went well, But the girl eyes was just seeing to the person who was waiting for her at outside the office. As they boy was looking disturbed and confused minded and her heart wanted to know Why he is confused, disturbed and feeling alone, for the first time her heart was saying to help the boy. by seeing him she was so disturb the day passed. Then the Next day she got the call saying that she got selected. She was sooooo happpppyyyyy and was thankful to god.

Next day she stepped into her 2nd dream and started a new career. She was super fast learner and hardworking girl, She never gave up in her life as the days gone she was concentrating only on her carrer and she was nice and very sweet hearted girl, where every one use to give the example of the girl for her dedication. 2 Months passes away then  all of sudden boy (who was was waiting for her at the office door) came to office and he was back from his Vocation. He was very passinated person, Good looking, Friendly nature, hardworker and lovely person.

His nature was very Helpful and always use to help for others and he always make silly jokes so that other can laugh, Very cute hearted person. when he came to office he introduce the girl by saying he is James Bond and the girl was thinking and whether he is mad and she started laughing then boy forwarded his hand towards her by saying hello with his real name. She to shaked her hand and introduced to him.

Slowly they both started talking and became good frds in a Months, Usually she use to call him for any help, they both became so close that she started sharing her problem with him and became good friends. she use to get bore when he wont visit the office as he use to go for the Field work from office, even he to use to miss her alot . Boy use to indirectly says that he missed and was thinking all the time about her, but Girl didnt took it seriously as she was just thinking him as a good friend.

As the days pass she too started to feel him and miss him all the time. Both was caring and loving to each other a lot, but hesitating to accept and sharing the feeling with each other. Then onwards Both life has changed and here there real and lovely life started, Both started to enjoy the life and was enjoying the company with each other without telling any thing to each other, Finally the day came when boy proposed her with fear whether girl will accept his proposal or she will reject it and as soon as she heard the 3 magical word I LOVE U from him she was just happy and there was tears in her eyes and without thinking for the second she accepted her proposal.

And the day passes away then next early in the morning she called him and as soon she said hello to him he said I Love u, she was so happy and then they had a cute conversation between them. They made a good understanding with each other and made lot of promise.

On one side they where happy with each other and on the other side they where sad , Because they both are from different Caste, but they never bought there religion in between them, there love was ultimate and they are ready to die for each other. both of them are well aware that they cannot become one, if they become one world will not let them to leave, there parents will not allow, many relation will end and many peoples might get killed, if they go against them they will not be happy as both of them was loving there family alot.  So they decided that there love will be forever though they need to live seperate from each other.

They where leaving with the present without thinking about tomorrow or future, they where enjoying there present and when ever the think about the future they use to cry alot and was asking to god Why he made this caste and why there is no uniqueness in the people , Why can’t they leave without bringing caste in between them. Why can’t they get married and why can’t they both of them be happy as other will be. Whole day they will be thinking and asking help from the god.

But there destiny was different both of them left the company he joint in other company and after a while she joint other, but still they use to meet and was in touch with each other. Without seeing to each other there days was not ending , the way the use to think and there like and dislike was similar. they were  having a good bonding, Understanding and caring for each other alot,as if 1 get hurt the other feel the pain. they use to do the jokes on each other and and was enjoying there life as though there are in heaven.

4 Yrs passed away and they were still together, they never fight, Never demanded beyond there limits , Never argued, they always chear up each other and supported in all the Situation. Then the Girls parent finally selected the other guy and made her to marry. She was completely lost and couldn’t able to understand her family that she cannot marry as she is in love with her dream boy, She didn’t told any one about her love as she was fear of losing the relations specially her mom, she love and respected the relation all the time. Her mind was lost and her whole happiness and world was lost, She couldnt do any thing , she cried a lot and asked help from the God to stop the marriage  and begged from the god not to do any wrong with them. She was failed in all the doing so, She was in fear if she tell about her love to any one they might killed the boy . So thought all the time and one day she told to the boy that there parents are making her to marry with other person. As soon as he got to know he was lost every thing and made her a promise that in what ever condition she will be was loving her, he is loving her and he always love her.

He was in deep hurted and he was in deep pain, but was not able to show pain to any one , When ever she looks at him he use to smile and say always be happy and keep smiling as it make my day , and he promised to be with her always and he accepted as her wife and she will be his life.

And made the girl ready to get married to the person for whom there parent selected. Girl was in delima what to do one side are her life and one side are there family and relation, She even thought of dying but stopped herself  thinking that the boy for whom she love he might also die.

With keeping so much pain inside her heart she agreed to the marriage. She showed list concern toward the marriage rituals and was very much hurted and sad and she was thinking as though her marriage is not happening her funeral was happening , Finally she got married, But her destiny took her to different world, she never thought that she will do such a things in life. She was never happy in her married life, she accepted the marriage and his family members and was doing her best in all the ways with her married life. As the person for whom she got married  use to torture her, Insult her in front of her family, the person for whom she got married after a few days she came to know that physically and mentally he was ill and though she was in pain and hurted she never told her parents about his illness and use to tell them that she is happy. later she took the divorce fro the person and was leaving with her parents .

But inspite of so many tragedy in her life with so many hurdels she was loving the boy very much who made her to know the meaning of love and he too love her a lot. Finally girls came to know that boys family has selected him a girl and his marriage is also fixed. She was happy to him and wanted to see him Happy in her life.

__END__

