Short Story Infidelity – Hoping To Die….

Short Story Infidelity – Hoping To Die….

Her long elegant fingers, marriage ring missing on them, stop fluttering over the keys as a pain bursts anew from the core of her heart and fat tears roll down her cheeks already wet with tears. She clutches her dress above the breast as agony invades her very core, leaving her incomplete. She knows the pain will kill her, but she has to do it. She has to let it all out, or else she’ll continue to die a thousand deaths, thinking of Pranav, her husband, happy in his secretary’s arms, away from her. No! She wipes her tears with the back of her hand and resumes typing.

She leans forward and feeds a fresh blank paper into the typewriter and continues her melancholy tale.

She stops again, wondering how much he has changed over the last three years. The Pranav she remembers – was kind and gentle, but the one who roams in her life is a beast- cruel, shameless.

The image of the ‘former’ Pranav comes back to her mind and she recalls his expression when she told him she was pregnant. They were on their honeymoon, making love, when she confessed, between gasps, I. Am. Pregnant… He was so happy, delight radiating through his eyes. The image flickers before her eyes and another image replaces tit.

Priya- his secretary, no! His 

 with her long legs and tiny skirt, bra-less beneath her low-cut tank top, shaking her hips and displaying her assets at every chance. The image fuels her with anger and hatred. She leans forward and continues.

The mention of Nayna brings tears to her eyes which flow and mingle with the once she shed moments ago. She glances around and spots her on the bed. The same bed they made love every night; the same bed he held her on, wile she cried for her daughter; the same bed where he brought the wh**e Shalini on four months ago, drunk and defiled.

The old memories wake up again as she glances around the bedroom. That wall- that’s where they kissed for the first time. The vase with a broken edge- it fell when they were making love and she had accidentally kicked it. And the single walk in washroom – That’s where they shared their bathroom and shower for years.

Numerous pains ripple through her body, her blood hot- and suddenly cold – and then hot again. Every nerve ending sore, muscles aching and a hole replacing her heart. She must complete this… She must.. She has to..

Praying doesn’t help. Looks like even God himself doesn’t interfere while the devil is at work, doing his stuff.

She sighs, relieved, – a bit- and closes her eyes. The pain in her heart has decreased a little for the first time in months. She loves her typewriter. it’s the only one she can talk to, the only one alive- for her. The only one who won’t betray her. Ever.

__END__

