Story from School – I should have told her

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Who’s that girl?” asked an intrigued Arav.

“New admission macha! Our principals daughter” answered Sumit.

It’s the first day of their high school. The girl they are talking about is Arushi. She is a bright kid , newly admitted to the school yet very nonchalant in the way she carries herself on the first day. By now Arav had already fallen for her and why shouldn’t he? She had killer looks, glittering smile & wore an attitude and perfume which was hard to resist.

Arav had to talk to her but so was the wish of every other guy in the class. Without any more chatter he straight away went to her.

“Arushi, are you free tomorrow evening? ”

“what! wait why?”inquired a taken aback Arushi.

“Actually i wanted to join the English tutions you are enrolled in . I am really facing a lot of difficulty in understanding Shakespeare and all. So could you introduce me to mam?” came his retort.

“oh! Here is her number just give her a call and I will tell her about you” replied Arushi in a concerned voice.

This dialogue started their long lasting relationship. Here, by relationship I don’t claim that they fell in love, i just mean it in a general sense . They went to the same school, same tution , their roll numbers were adjacent to each other so the friendship took shape very organically.There was no stalking involved or proposals for friendship or love.They wanted each other and they had each other so there was no desperateness about their equation. In amidst of ever growing bonds and academics two years of high school life just flew like it was nothing. Boards results were announced both shared their happiness.

“It’s finally over and we’ve nailed it!” exclaimed Arushi.

“Agree it’s over but looking at the competition we have nailed it or not i really can’t tell “, said Arav cheekily.

“Hhahaha! so what next?  Intermediate is going to be even more fun, isn’t it?”

“It’s very difficult to get admission these days Arushi ,what are you planning on?”-Arav

“It’s all planned na! we and our friends together for two more years”-Arushi

“I am planning on engineering and science isn’t the strong stream of our school in intermediate”-Arav

“so?”-Arushi

“I have applied for D.P.S”-Arav

“Seriously!! And you didn’t tell me about it, huh! Have you completely lost it ? It really does not matter which school you are in if you are really passionate “-Arushi

“Hmmm! Let’s see yaar…”-Arav

Arav got admission in D.P.S. He took to his new school comfortably enough. Made some new friends, found a great mentor and was pursuing his dream of IIT with full conviction. In this chaos he lost touch with his old friends. Arushi was also one of them. He missed her a lot some days.

Initially they called each other but the frequency followed the curve of a damped vibration. But one day that he dare not forget, her birthday. He called her on her birthdays and they would talk for an hour about their lives and what they had been up to. She once told him about a guy who proposed her! Something snapped within him. He suddenly realized he would lose her sooner or later. Actually he never had her at the first place .

Six years have passed. Arushi was in a relationship, happy and vibrant. She had finished her graduation. Arav got admitted to a sought after engineering college and had got a job in his final year .

“Congrats Arav ” answered a familiar voice on the phone.

After a little pause “Thanks Arushi! how have you been? you still remember me!” answered Arav jokingly.

These were the first words they said to each other in over 4 years. It’s pain. Pain in it’s purest form cause he does not have the medicine which could even come close to curing it! He misses someone who he never had. More is the separation from the cause more is the intensity of the agony. It’s funny how Biology hasn’t been able to explain it !

Well about this relationship all I can say is that it’s going to last long. Here by relationship I don’t claim that they will fall in love, i just mean it in a general sense.

__END__

