Short Story of First LOVE – The most innocent love (The end)

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Continued…)

As Mr.A had asked me,”so does my friend knows that his sister is eyeing on me?

I said,”no way it is between you and me. The world will come to know later(condition applied if our story may be love story proceed’s further!)

Mr. A said,”I want to see you . Give me your address. Slipped but who and where?

My phone slipped from my hands.I never thought Mr.A would be so fast (the speed of my falling in love was equal to the speed of Mr.A’s approach towards me..)

I picked up the phone and with a subtle tone gave my address. My mind said no but somehow my heart disregarded (that’s why they say heart has no mind)

Mr. A,”I am coming now.”God please help me.What should be done now. My mom was at home and it was already late evening. I thought may me Mr.A is coming with my brother to teach me a lesson..

Sometime passed and there was no sign of Mr. A. I was about to divert my mind but the doorbell rang.

I was numb but had to act fast.I managed to open the door and my dream,fantasy,wish,desire say anything was standing in front of me.

But wait something was coming between us. It was the door grill.

I saw someone standing behind him. May be a friend he had taken along or may be I was just hallucinating. Whatever be the case Mr.A was looking at me and I too was enchanted by his aura.

Mr. A just smiled and left..

His timing was perfect. The moment he left my mom came and asked me who came.I said some courier guy.(small lies here and there can save you from lot of troubles). Few moments passed and my phone rang.

Calling Mr. A..

“Sorry for the trouble,I wanted to make sure it was you and not your brother, as he plays a lot of prank”, said Mr.A

I said,”okay but I loved the trouble”(keep troubling me)

Slowly but steadily our love story progressed. The rendezvous (or you can say dates) and the frequency and intensity of our conversations started increasing.

We became a little bold and started flaunting our love openly.

Then one luckless day my bro found out about the two of us. He confronted Mr.A and said you could have at least informed me. Mr. A was full of guilt. I could see it in his eyes.I said,”no need to be guilty,  it is just love.”

Slowly but steadily our rendezvous and the conversations started falling. I could see my love story, the most innocent love was fading. I was unsuccessful in making him understand and the situation was completely out of my hands. My love story went kaput.

Then there were no more calls and dates. All finished soon. Just like it was started with a boom and ended with a doom (see a ruptured heart can make us a poet)

Till today I believe that may be someday I will stumble upon Mr. A and I will grab his collar and ask ..why?

There is a saying –

“the true love is the one that does not get a destination”

–END–

