Longings of a Lonely Heart – Short Story Love

Longings of a Lonely Heart – Short Story Love

I look at the couples around me and wonder if what they have is real love or they think it is real or else is it just a adjustment that they have made to grow in life or rather should I say move ahead in life. That thought leads to another chain of thoughts as to “what exactly is a true love” or successful love stories are made on what basis?

I long for someone after whose entrance in my life, I don’t need anybody else to love. Of course parents and siblings are in different section of my heart which is unreachable for others. I really long for one perfect relation the one in which I don’t have to search words to express myself, one in which I could look into someone’s eyes and see immense, unaltered love for myself, a set of eyes that just tell me that I was, I am and will always be the most beautiful woman for him no matter how old I get, no matter if my beauty fades, no matter if I have a scar on my forehead, no matter if I put on innumerable weight.

Someone who knows the real meaning of the words I say, someone who allows me to wander on my own in my thoughts or on the streets even when we are together.  Someone who knows when to leave me alone and when to hold me tight. A person who knows even the evil and dark side of my life and yet he wants to hold my hand forever. A person for whom my wishes are my wishes, who doesn’t analyze them to be good or bad. Someone who doesn’t tell me things I should or should not do but yet silently who stops me from getting into a mess. My great savior.

I have experienced many great relations in my life in terms of friendships. Friendships where all most the telepathy is so strong that even if we are miles apart we can still feel that the other is in trouble or pain and when anyone calls the other the feeling of doubt gets confirmed. Sometimes I feel if only I could pick up the best qualities from each relation and mix and blend them into the relation with the person I would call my PARTNER. But then that’s not possible, I realize that each relation is meant to be different from the other and it has its own plus and minuses but BAAWARE MANN KO KAUN SAMJHAYE!!! ISSE TOH SAB CHAHIYE!!!

So then the conclusion is to love each person for what you share with them and smile on life for what its given you.

__END__

