We all have read many books about love stories, heard many love stories. The one thing that is common in all these stories is that the two protagonists meet, fall in love, separate and destiny plays a chance and they somehow fall in love again and it’s a happy ending.

So do you all really think all love stories end happily? If yes, read this and you will have a completely different point of view about love.

There was this girl, who was bold and strong and courageous. She was very beautiful. She was a spoilt kid after all. They always tend to say that beauty comes with grace, so was the case with Katherine.

Katherine is like all of us. Maybe Katherine is one of us. Well her life was amazing. She had all the privileges one required. She had a only one flaw. Yes, just one flaw made her stand off from being perfect. She took love very lightly. Love seemed like a game to her. Until…..

On a fine Sunday afternoon, Katherine and her friends went out for cycling. They often went cycling and then to play basketball because the only thing Katherine loved was playing basketball. She was way to good at it. So while playing basketball that day,she met this guy. A tall guy who would be around 6ft, hazel eyes, messy hair and a really cute smile. Katherine just couldn’t stop looking at him. Daniel,the hot guy, walked over to Katherine and asked if he could join her. She couldn’t stop blushing. She invited him and they had ferocious match. Well, Daniel won. It was for the first time that Katherine had lost. She felt disgusted but  then looking at him gave her pleasures. Yes, she was in love. She invited him for a date without any hesitation and of course he wouldn’t reject it.

A week later, Katherine and Daniel were dating. Yes, the stubborn girl who thought love was a game, now officially  was dating the hottest guy.

They both loved each other. They had a beautiful bond. She felt like he was the Romeo to her Juliet. Everything was fine, until Daniel ended things with Katherine. One night, Katherine received a break up text from him. She was broke and she thought this is what she deserves.she went crying for nights. Fate always plays games. Maybe back in time, Katherine might have  made fun of someone confessing to her that’s why karma showed the miracles. Katherine called Daniel many times to apologize even though she didn’t know what her mistake was. After all she loved him.

For two weeks she kept calling and texting him, but there was no response. So she finally accepted the situation and moved on.

The other day, she saw Daniel with this other girl. It did hurt her when she saw him with other girls but she couldn’t help but suffer.

That’s the thing about pain. It demands to be felt.

Few Week’s later, she had heard that Daniel had left the city and moved to Manhattan a week before. She had also heard a bad News. Yes, Daniel killed himself. He committed a suicide. No one knew why.

Although he had left her, she thought It would be  generous of her, if she attends his funeral. So 4days later, she flee to Manhattan. There she took a taxi and reached the cemetery. There his parents were crying and all she could hear was people whining. His parents walked up-to her and gave her few pages. These pages were written by Daniel to Katherine. While Katherine was going through these she thought she must find  a reason why daniel died and what was the reason behind he commiting a suicide.

She packed her bags and she rushed to take the taxi.

But you think Katherine would be successful to reach the airport? What if due to she being hurry something’s might have happened.

 

To know read the second part as well. The story actually begins from there.

(to be continued)

