Love Short Story – A RED ROOM

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was raining like never before. It was white house, yes I can remember, the way things are its not easy to justify about the night what I did in that room. The room was red with blood everywhere.

The old monk once said to me ” Don’t go to that room.” But I didn’t listened to the monk and here I am feeling guilty to what I did in that red room…..

(BIG PAUSE) Doctor tried to hear more and with excitement he asked ” What really happened there?”

Do you really want to know about that night, doctor. Anyway you will never believe me, you do this session everyday trying to hear what’s the real truth behind that night. I loved my wife so much, I cared her I cannot imagine to hurt her but something unexpected and weird happened in the hotel room that night.

I met the girl 2 years ago while waiting for my file that I had forgotten at home. My driver was coming to give me then I saw her and It was love at first sight, I decided at that time only that I will marry her only. I asked her to drop her wherever she wanted to go but she seemed nervous, still I insisted her and she agreed to come with me.

That was the perfect day. I can never forget that day. I dropped her to her office that day and she invited me to her house. I was very glad and I used to visit her everyday and talk to her on the phone and never hurt her.

(CRYING SUDDENLY)

I proposed her after few weeks and she said ” I have a secret that you can’t handle.”

I said ” Everyone has secrets and I can handle everything.”

She said ” Promise me if I tell you that you will never leave me.”

I promised her and she suddenly bites me on my neck. I was unconscious for 2 days. I was at her home as far as I know. When I woke up I saw her and asked her ” What happened to me?”

She said ” You drank too much whiskey and you were unconscious since 2 days .”

I said ,” I don’t remember anything.”

She then hugged me and started kissing me and she agreed to get married with me. We were very happy and she said ” she don’t have any family.” I made many future plans for us like everyone do.

We got married last year and I told my parents that I will bring you your daughter-in-law tomorrow. I took her to the hotel room in Goa. I thought to spend our honeymoon there. But now I cried for what happened there.

When I entered in that room she suddenly started biting and I saw her long fangs and I was so afraid then and I tried to push her back and then I found the knife and I killed her badly and the way I killed her that I can’t explain. It was “RED ROOM” with blood everywhere and I ran away through window..

(SILENCE ALL AROUND)

–END–

