Love Short Story – Guy with One Dream – True Love

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s is my story and my name is  Anuj  , with millions of dreams in his mind, to be big in life , to keep his family happy to get a love life .

I met a friend in tuition , he introduced me to world of Sex , and with him I watched my first Porn video , I was enjoying my life , even though at home all was not good , due to financial burden . But I didn’t cared I was enjoying.

After school , with my family support I got through an engineering college , through management quota , paying a capitation amount of Rs 100000/- , here also I didn’t cared what’s going on at home , I was enjoying my life , due to travel in bus , I say people groping and touching ladies , I didn’t understand why , but daily going and coming from College , I get to know what it is , it’s called visual rape .

Here guy force himself on a girl or try to touch here where ever possible, to sexually satisfy himself, and its not that only guy does it, I was shocked to see some girls also want this, who try to go there and let guy do it, it’s something complicated but I get to know at least 50% of girls enjoy it .

After college, due to recession I didn’t had job for 8 months so at that time I was a big social maniac, who try to get on chats and talk crap with girls.

Now I had a good job , and my family supported me to buy a car since my job place was far and my family didn’t wanted me to go by bus , and during chatting , a new social sight was opened by one FM radio , so I joined it and there I met one girl , and to be shocking she was 8 years older than me , but she was unmarried and we had a good chat and she was also attracted to me and I was also attracted or fascinated to her since I never had girl in my life , so at last we met , we exchanged numbers , we had a good talk and in night when we were talking I said I love u , by this she got shocked she tried to explain it’s not possible , but I didn’t listen , so she discontinued our friendship.

 

Two months passed , I changed my job and called her because I was missing her , she picked my phone , we again started talking , and we became close friends one day she called me and asked to come and pick her from one place and drop her to home , I was shocked , but I straight away ran for her .

After few dates we had together, she said she don’t like to go by bus to office, so I straight away said I will drop u while going to my office. This made us meet every day and we started to enjoy. One day while returning I was holding her hand and I put my hand in between her legs and she didn’t said anything, and for the first time I touched a girl. But it lasted short and shockingly she left, I thought she will never call or met me, but she understood my situation and somewhere in her heart she started liking me. But this lead to one day that we thought to go to hotel and have sex, we booked one hotel and we went there and since it was new for me I was not able to do sex and I just ran away from there, many reader will feel its lie but it’s PURE TRUTH.

After few months we became lovers, with such a huge difference between both of us, we became close,

Now phase came when she wanted to marry since her age was running away for marriage, but I was not ready due to financial situation along with my age, this made our relation sour, one day she said to me since you are not ready to marry me and due to my age I am leaving u and my family had seen one guy and I also like him.

This broke my heart, I cried full two days , and with broken her she left me .

After she left, I truly realized that I really loved her. I was restless for 3 months.

Again to overcome that I used Facebook , I started poking strangers and one day one girl poked me , we had some chat and in one chat we became lovers and we met the next day , since I wanted to forget my first love I met this lady and do you know what she was way far from me in her mentality , within one week she invited to me for a trip to shimla , with her friends , so here as a dumb , I said yes  , but the strange part was I paid for everything , even for their friends I paid , at shimla she made me work like I was her slave , and she even physically used me but till point she wanted and secondly  I was like a cashier for her , at last with such a huge bill , my mind came on track and I left her ,  practically I ran away from her , but after sometime when I asked for my money she said get lost . So I got a new experience that there are girls in this world who can eat you.

Now again I was alone with no friends , but I have a good life , family , but still I miss love , It’s  my past experience which I briefly elaborated that make me feel that I am not a good guy.

But after all this experience I get to know one this that is , it’s really hard to get love or to be loved since love comes with profit and loss accounts attached with it , a person will love u if he/she feels some profit in you .

So this is my story, hope I will receive comments on what type of person I am …. Plz comment who so ever read it.

 

 

 

