Short Story Love – The Life of a Widow

Short Story Love – The Life of a Widow

Today was the day, the day I got married to my high school lover, my palms were sweaty, my heart was beating hard against my chest. I remember the first day I met him, at my best friends 5th birthday party, he had just moved in a few houses next to hers, we played all day together that day like an instant attraction that we were too young to know about.

We spoke almost everyday when we were 15 we had our first kiss under the tree we always met under after school, it was perfect, since then we have been together, nothing has ever come between us, and nothing ever will. Now I am standing here in a white wedding dress looking at myself in the mirror, tears welling up in my eyes and I have got a lump in my throat, my best friend clutching to my hand and squeezing it gently.

Before I knew it I was in a black taxi getting pulled up in front of a church, I felt like I was going to pass out. as the driver opened my passenger door I stepped out onto the stone path that led up to the big wooden doors, my best friend then again took my hands as we walked up together. The closer we got to the church the music got louder and louder until I was inside standing in front of all my closest family and friends. My dad was standing by the door and took my arm as he walked me down the isle. All heads were turning and smiling at me as I was grinning back but my eyes were locked onto the most perfect man I have ever seen, my soon to be husband.

When I was standing in front of him tears in my eyes as I looked into his we took each others hands and said our promising vows, I loved this man with all my heart and I wasn’t ever going to let him go.

Then 2 years later we were blessed with two beautiful children Kate and Megan, we were a happy family full of love and laughs, we camped outside in our garden a lot, and told scary stories, we did almost everything together, and as our girls grew up happy and healthy so did my husband and I.

20 years later we lost him to a tumour in his brain. I think of him everyday, I feel lonely without him and part of me has died, everyday I see our wedding picture sitting on the table him face bright and happy, I remember how scared I was, but I knew I was making the right choice, and so did everyone that turned up that day.

My best friend calls me every night to see how I am, her voice is soft and gentle and makes me feel like i’m not alone. I wish I could go back to those days and re-live my life, knowing about the happy memories coming my way. But I cant, and nothing will ever take me back. All I have is the faded memories.

Today was the day, the day I buried my husband, this time the tears rolling down my cheek were not happy tears but tears because I lost my soul mate, the one I love and have always loved, my palms were sweaty as my best friend was gripping my hand telling me everything was going to be okay, as I took one more look at my husbands face laying in an open coffin and said my goodbyes and thank you’s for some of the best times I have ever had because of him.

I watched his coffin get lowered into the ground, I could try and stay strong for my girls any more as I broke down in tears. Then it came to my speech where I said the only words that I could

“Thank you for the memories, and the laughs, and even though I can no longer see you I will always know your there looking over us, goodbye my love, I love you.”

I may not ever get back to the old times, but I still have new memories to fill, my daughters are still young and I hope they find someone like I did.

__END__

