Short Story of a Dream – We Three Had a Love Story

Short Story of a Dream – We Three Had a Love Story

A pleasant Sunday morning!!!

I was in my bed, not willing to get up. The sun rays, birds chirping were disturbing me. So I slipped into my blanket and I heard my mom calling me-

 I called out.

Got a job in a reputed software company and nearing my final semester of college, I was in no mood of spoiling the holidays and thought of enjoying my sleep for few more minutes.

When I was sleeping my mobile beeped, a text message from Sanjay.

It was not a long text or a joke, but that simple message brought a smile in my face.

I replied and got up. He was my classmate and I have 

 for him. I was scared to open the topic about my feelings for him because I was not ready to lose his friendship. I was not sure if he was having the same thing for me. We used to roam around in Chennai, I felt like floating in cloud whenever he was around me. I decided to talk about the my feelings before leaving Chennai for training.

I have planned to go to my college friend’s house, who had invited me for a holy ceremony in his home. I called Sanjay for the function, so that I won’t be feeling lonely but he said

 I felt that he was right and I got ready to go to his home. I was on my way to Shankar’s home and was messaging Sanjay simultaneously.

Shankar’s mother welcomed me from the door step. She was a bit taller than me and wore a silk sari of green color that was a perfect contrast to her color. She was very beautiful and homely than I thought and very friendly too. She called me in and introduced to her friends and relatives who came to attend the ceremony. It was a ceremony performed for Lord Krishna, after sometime she told me to sing a song. I hesitated for a moment then, I sang my favorite song.

The ceremony was going good, that I even forgot to message Sanjay, everyone who came over there were friendly with me. I felt like being in my home, that time she called me to come and sit near her. I went and sat beside her, I felt like someone staring at me and my eyes met Shankar. He just smiled at me, at the same moment one of his relatives said

. I thanked her

His mom turned towards me and said, 

 I told her with a smile.

 she told.

I blushed and I realized my cheeks going pink.

She asked me 

I looked puzzled and asked 

She asked 

I was shocked and found it difficult to find words and I replied 

She looked into my eyes and said 

I was not able to come out of the shock and stood up and said 

 I left without looking back. I was in no mood to say good bye to Shankar.

I came out and walked to find a share auto, someone called out my name, I thought it was Shankar but to my pleasant surprise Sanjay was standing there.

It was a pleasant and unexpected surprise, I just looked into his eyes without replying him.

He shook me and asked 

 he touched my forehead with care.

I didn’t reply him and asked him 

 I realized that it must me around 8pm.

He started 

 I declared.

 I felt a curiosity in his voice, I felt happy for a moment and continued 

 I saw him.

 He sighed and walked with me without another word for few moments.

I didn’t disturb his silence and enjoyed his uneasiness…. At last he started

. I smiled and felt happy but I tried my best not to betray my feelings.

All of a sudden, he held my hands and looked into my eyes and declared 

 I tried my best not to show my feelings in which I failed. I too declared my love for him. I felt happy and sad at the same instant. Felt happy for my love and Sanjay’s love for me, but felt a stab of pain for Shankar. I was thinking

I reached home, Sanjay kissed me on my forehead and left. I didn’t feel like sleeping, so I switched on my computer. Logged into face book and shocked to see my picture was tagged in a marriage album in which Shankar was my pair. I saw all the photos, at that time I received a call from Sanjay, I thought of telling him this. He started yelling at me

 his voice was harsh. I plucked up some courage and said

 tears started running down my cheek.

At that time my dad came all of a sudden into my room and said, 

I realized his anger and started telling 

 I said wiping out my tears.

He must have scolded my mom, she was also crying. 

 he shouted back at me.

I was in a great shock, 

 I felt like crying out loud but something caught my throat.

 a deep fear ran all over my heart..

I heard my mom calling out and opened the blanket which covered my face. I was sweating, mom came into my room and saw me 

I replied 

 and hugged her.

It seemed so much real, I really thought 

, but now I used to laugh occasionally of having a love story in my DREAM…

