I remember this line from our literature text ‛your first love doesn’t always stay’. I thought it was all a lie,a big lie,but I have come to realize the fact that it’s the bitter truth. Remember the night at the gym during the basketball game when you held my hands,and spoke these words to my ears, ‛‛we will always be together, for better and for worst”. You promised to stay even when my hair turn grey and my skin wrinkled.

I can’t sleep, because am scared of being deceived even in my dreams. I thought life was a bed of roses,I thought the sun will shine all the way. But I seem to forget that roses have thorns,even the sun is covered by clouds on raining days. I can’t seem to forget your touch, your gentle touch.

How do I get to forget the night at the beach during the new year carnival. We both wore our couple vest,holding hands and dancing round the camp fire. Remember when you took me under the oak tree, you said you loved me,just me. Remember your vows that night. I still see you staring into my eyes the same way you did that night, am still trying to find my way out because am still lost in your eyes. I still feel your lips on mine, I can’t seem to forget our first kiss. I see your face in my dreams,head and thoughts. I still see you holding me,I feel am still leaning on your shoulder. But it’s just memories, memories that won’t go away no matter how hard I try. It’s like a scene that keeps repeating itself in my head.

I was ready to fight for us, but I couldn’t do it all alone, I needed you, I needed to hear just three words from you to keep on fighting, I was ready to stand up to anyone for us but it wasn’t the same with you. You left,you left me,you left us. But for what, for money. You accepted the pay from my parents and left with your family. You left,without a word,not even a goodbye. You left me broken. You let them tear us apart. I searched everywhere for you, I still visit our secret cave by the beach everyday with thought that you are there,waiting for me,waiting to hold and hug me, but I found nothing.

You lied,you lied about everything, you lied about your love, and I believed you. I trusted you, I trusted your love.

 I loved you and I still do, am still here,waiting for you. Please come back to me.

 your love,

 Rachna.

–END–

