LLC01: Love Letter to Husband/ Wife

Creative Writing – Love Letter Contest 2013

© YourStoryClub.com

I’m always there besides you,

But you never understand,

How much I need you,

Only once, I just want to feel you,

In my arms !.. You too feel,

The touch of my heart beats….

Saying, I love you………

 

Tears rolled down the cheeks of Vrandha, as she read the letter. Just then there was a knock on the door. She slipped the letter in a book, ‘ Come in ‘….. .

It was her brother Sham. Sham was about sixteen years old, curly hair, sharp nose, bright eyes and dusky complexion. He could easily read his sister. Humm…….. He says… so its the letter of your dear hubby, oh….oh…. I’m sorry,  of my dear brother-in-law, who is saying that  ‘he loves you’. Am I right sis…..?. He looks around the room and takes a deep breath….,

She walks towards the window. Outside the window the sky is golden with a layer of light blue. The weather is chill, the cool breeze moves her hair gently, She holds the window grills and says, ‘I wish he was here. But he must be too busy, as usual.’ Hummm……

Sham walks besides her, ‘ You need to give him some time to understand you. Can I help you out ?’ he says.

Vrandha gives the letter to him, which had come the previous day from Vikas ( her husband ).

Sham reads the letter……….

Dear Vrandha,

I miss you dear. I’m counting the days since you have been to your mom’s place. The days are too long for me and the nights, Oh dear I miss you. I’m waiting for you to be in my arms and feel you each moment. I know you were upset with me because I was tied-up with the work, wherein I had to give you time after marriage. I still remember the day after our wedding when you were in the kitchen and I had come only to see you. I could see the blush on your face. I just wanted to feel you at that time but there was no privacy in grandpa’s place and I had to maintain a control over my feelings. But you misunderstood me thinking that I was ignoring you. I could sense the desperateness in you when you were serving the meals.

Oh, dear !  your eyes haunt me even today, I just want to be there with you, the little time we spent together had a long lasting footmarks on my heart. I just want to meet you once and then you will understand how much ‘I love you’ , as you are my strength and courage. I grow each day in love because you make me so comfortable that I forget the world around me.

I promise you that ‘I will try my best to be your best friend’. you know…… dear, these fifteen days when the cold wind blows, my heart beats increase by your thoughts, I miss your hug and kiss. I’m always there beside you. But you never understand, How much I need you. I just want to feel you in my arms. You too can feel my heart beats saying I love you…………

I do not know how long I may be able to hold myself but once I get you in, I’m not going to let you go dear………… I’m badly in need of you and feel too lonely without you. The magic in your eyes has made me crazy about you. I just want you……… as you are my world and I can’t stay without you. Miss you every second. Waiting to hug you dear………… I became mad in your love.

I love you dear……I love you more than I can say

I miss you dear……I miss you every single day

With lots of Love & Kisses

Vikas

 

After reading the letter, Sham holds the hand of his sister, the room is filled with silence. Vrandha looks at the portrait on the wall, where a girl and a boy are walking together holding their hands, the Caption written below, ‘ Hold me, as I can reach and achieve anything in the world, because you are my love’. As she moves her fingers over the picture, she smiles and says, ‘ This was the first gift of Vikas for me. I remember the day, the memories are still fresh……..

After our wedding we were at grandpa’s place, we did not had privacy and he planned to meet me at 4 p.m. near the mango tree. But he ignored me when he had come for lunch which really hurt me. I was uncomfortable by his act and did not feel the hunger. I walked to my room which was on the second floor and cried bitterly saying, ‘ I hate you, I hate you.’ I heard a knock on the door. I wiped my tears and opened the door. To my surprise, there were around ten kids in the age group of four to six standing at the door. They were smiling looking at me. They wanted to play with me. In a short time, I refreshed myself. We all decided to go out and play.

The kids were chirping like birds as we were outdoors. My mother-in-law, who was observing all this from a distance, called me and asked if I was going out with Vikas. I said ‘No’, as he was too busy with the work. The kids came and pulled me. One of them got a football and we started playing. The courtyard echoed with laughter and excitement. Vikas was watching the entire game, I was aware about his presence, but I ignored him. I pretended to be too busy with the kids. I could see the restlessness on his face. I enjoyed this moment. An idea struck, I took the permission from grandpa, to take the kids to the farmhouse, where we could spend the time playing in water. Vikas said that he will take us there. But I said, ‘No’, it’s OK, you must be too busy, and we will manage. I took the keys from grandpa and called the kids to sit in the jeep. Vikas could not take this. He walked quickly and as I was about to open the door to the driver’s seat, he caught my hand and said, ‘why are you doing this to me ?  I’m waiting for you past two hours and you pretend as though you can’t see me and you don’t know we had to meet’?.

I said, I’m busy you see, I have to take the kids to the farmhouse and opened the door. He pushed the door hard, ‘ you are not listening to what I’m saying, I need to talk to you’, he said. I pretended to ignore him and picked the kids, boarded them in the jeep ; I was about to sit on the driver’s seat, he caught hold of my arms. For the first time, he had touched me. He was a strong man with a masculine built. I could see the nerve lines becoming stiff on his biceps, as he caught hold of my hand, I looked in his eyes, and I could see the opposition in them. His hand grip was too harsh for me but I enjoyed it, as I loved him. But I wanted some more from him. I wanted him to hug me tightly as he could and kiss me and say “I love you”. But I knew that he will not do it, as he was aware that the kids were around.

I said, ‘Honey I’m busy you see, no time for romance now. I rolled my fingers from his temple to his nose; brushed his nose left and right with my index finger, winked at him and said ‘Bye, baby, catch you later’ and started the jeep. I could not believe, I did it only to instigate him to be crazy for me. But I enjoyed my act. I drew fast before he could come out of the spell, as I saw that he was speechless.

Radha said ‘do you love Vikas uncle’? I nodded my head. I put on loud music and moved towards the farmhouse. My mobile was ringing, I could see the number display ‘Vikas’. I did not respond. The farmhouse was a beautiful place, it had cows, goats, ducks and hens. There was a bird pool under the banyan tree; A tree house on the mango tree with a rope ladder to climb. A small pond was created for the kids to play few yards from this point. As the jeep stopped, the kids jumped out and rushed towards the pond. They were splashing water on each other.

I heard the horn of the car and was surprised to see Vikas. He had come along with his Mom and cousins. Before I could say a word, Mom called me and said that they were going to halt on the farmhouse as grandpa’s place was overcrowded. She told me to take care of Vikas and understand him, I looked at Vikas, and he was in a white cotton dress. He stood next to the car watching the kids play. When I looked at him, I felt that he wanted me to be besides him. But I said wait, let me see how long he could hold his feelings. I said mom, Vikas must be having shopping to do for this evening and just….Vikas horned the car and said ‘Mom, please send Vrandha’,

I could not believe it. He directly called me. I was excited. I was blushing. I heard the horn sound again, this time it was a longer one. I smiled and said ‘Vikas now the real drama begins.’

I could see my cell phone kept in silent mode had ten miss calls from him and I could see the restlessness in him. Each time he called I smiled. I pretended to ignore him and entered the living room. Mom was watching us silently. She came next to me and said “Vrandha, please go along with Vikas; he may not get time to talk to you later. I will manage the things with the maid……”

There was a knock on the door; Vikas was standing at the door. He was silent. My heart pumped, as I saw him.

“Vrandha, I’m waiting for you, Please come, I’m getting late, we have to be back before six-thirty’, he said.

Mom blinked her eyes. I just walked behind him. He opened the car door and I sat next to the driver’s seat. He was very angry. His face was red. I could feel his pulse that he did not like all the drama I had played and was upset 

. He was harsh in his driving. He did not say a word. His big eyes focused only on the road. As we move across the fields, I could see the sunflowers dazzling, the birds flying and the scare-crow smiling. We reached the end of the road.

He stopped the car. He rushed out. He opened the door, took hold of my hand and started running. I did not know why he was doing this, but as I ran up the hill, I saw a bench. He stopped and pointed to the sky. We were panting. I looked at the sky, the orange-blue carpet along with the deep orange ball in the centre; I was bounded with the spell. Every five minutes the sky was changing its colour. He slowly took my hand and we sat on the bench. His eyes were fixed on the sunset and mine on his face. He looked so beautiful, the sweat was dripping from his temple to his jaws.

He looked at me and I turned my face towards the sun-set. He slowly moved closer to me. I felt a chill in me by his touch, he put his arm around my shoulder I slowly moved my head on his shoulder and my cheeks touched his neck. He pressed me hard on my arm. I looked at him, it was so beautiful. I wanted the time to stand still for a while as I did not want to leave him for a moment. He took my hand in his and said ‘are you ok now, or you want to fight’.

I looked at him. How did he know what I was thinking about him? I only looked at his eyes, there is so much of life in it. They are so beautiful. I wanted to touch and feel them with my hand and as I was getting closer, he winked, I moved my eyes and looked at the sun. He laughed loudly, He said I know you are a shy girl but you are an excellent actor hmmm……. I put my head down, I was more conscious about myself now. My cheeks were red. I didn’t reply.

You want to say something he said. I looked at him and then at the sun.

He said ‘Ok, now turn…turn…turn….we should not look at the setting sun, it’s a saying. We decided to walk down. I was about to trip down while walking but he caught hold of me. He was so concerned about me. He asked me to sit on the lawn. The grass was soft. I just kept watching him. He walked towards the car, opened the back door and got a gift which was wrapped in a red shining paper. He took the gift and ran towards me breathing heavily, he said, this is for you’.

As Vrandha was narrating, sham was a silent listener. He saw the tears rolling down on her cheeks. Sham put his hand on her shoulder and then what happened he said. She continued…. it was a portrait….

The first gift I (Vrandha) whispered, He (Vikas) nodded. I moved my fingers on the picture and looked at him. He came close to my ears and said ‘you liked it’? The warm air from his mouth made me feel romantic. I felt a pump in my heart beat, I was unable to control myself. I caught hold of his face and kissed him on his cheeks, ‘thank you’ I said. A line of tear sparkled in my eyes. We sat together for sometime. I caught his thigh like a child and kept gazing at him .He groomed my hair, I came closer to him, the cool breeze brought us closer to each other.

He brushed his cheeks on my cheeks and said “does it prick you ‘’ and laughed.

I pushed him and ran towards the car .Hey….hey…wait he said, I’m sorry!  No sorry, I said. I sat in the car, he came Laughing and sat on the drivers seat. He looked at me, caught my arm tightly and pulled me towards him. ‘I want to give you something ‘, he said. I was blushing. He watched me closely, he came closer. I could feel his warmth on my cheeks. He whispered,’ a safe drop home’ and bit on my ear. I pushed him. He laughed…I’m sorry…I’m sorry….but you look cute when you are angry.’ You are my girl’ he said.

I did not reply. ‘Hey vrandha ‘, he took my hand  …I tried to slip my hand but he had a grip and said’ listen, please, Vrandha whenever I need you, promise me that you will be there besides me, as my work is a family commitment, but I will try my best to spend maximum time with you and promise you, to give you all the comforts. I need a friend ,a person with whom I can share my feelings ,a person whom I can trust .Please promise me ,you will be a friend first and a wife later, as you are my strength’…so saying he hugged me tightly.’ I need you, please understand me’, he whispered.

‘I promise’, I said.

That night at the farmhouse we got little time to talk. After dinner, all decided to sleep together in the living room along with the kids. The next day as usual he was too busy with his work. How twenty days passed I didn’t even realize and now I’m here at mom’s place for a ritual after marriage. Vikas is too busy at his work. I miss him…I miss him…ahaaa….

‘Sis, are you happy ‘? said sham. I nodded.

That night after dinner, vrandha was sitting alone in the roof garden watching the moon, stars. The night was cold and she sat still on the floor. She looked at the roses, the lawn, the bed in the corner, a perfect place for romance. But where is he? .A line of tear sparkled in her eye. She kept gazing at the big silver ball in the sky with the little diamonds twinkling around .It looked as though the moon and the stars have come together to make her smile. She becomes too emotional, with tears in her eyes she says’ why are you doing this to me? I can’t stay without you?

Nor, I can?

Vrandha was surprised to hear the voice. She turned around, it was Vikas! She jumped and ran into his arms , hitting him hard on his chest , crying bitterly like a child .Vikas holds her tightly as though never to be apart ,’I LOVE YOU ‘ ,he says and kisses her hard on her lips.

In the days ahead to come will vrandha be able to balance her emotions and make her marriage a successful one, is what we have to wait and watch.

__END__

