Short Story Love – Lolita

Photo credit: 

 from 

He arrived to one of the Spain hotels after a trip of eight-hour standoff, he hesitated to go to the city center, he was afraid to see her face to face, they knew each other through a social media (Face book) last year, here photo’s were all over his home & office, their talks will lasts many hours every day by cam and phone.. The first time, he was dazzled when he saw her, as days go by she become a part of his life, his Lavishes… Love and compassion and hope to meet here someday, to fall into his chest and cuddle here for extended long time.

She told him about everything related to its here past and present, here coquetry added longing to meet her, his fear reluctance him of being gang into abyss, Gathered his  courage & jog to the that cafe to meet her, took his place, waited a long time, his eyes paying attention right and left, eager to see here, checked everyone in the cafe while his glancing the outdoor contemplating everyone, his breath began narrowing slowly; due of here delay,  unexpectedly heard her voice behind him calling him: hello, darling, I am Lolita, felt my eyes stunned & frosted, my lips did not utter a single word, my breath stepped up , felt the world spinning and spinning around me, missed a day of darkness and resolved in less than a minute, began to remember the pictures and days of CAM throughout the past several months, it was unexpected surprise, when , I saw here seated on electrical chair, rapidly turned myself around quickly without greeting to where , I came from!

 

During leaving, all here pictures were wandering into my head for what I’ve become as a result of ire and surprised, my feet stumbled with all the chairs in front, the scene was cleared to all.

My wailing noticed to everyone during run out, I stood for a moment and watch that café by distance, laying my head into a wall, and my hands were creeping during falling, screaming why my dear Lolita? Thereafter lost consciousness!

Walked up into a hospital of severe headache and pain all over my body, I saw pipes connected to my body for life returned, barley opened my eyes , I saw one of the beautiful nurse beside me measuring my pressure and other things. I could not say a word, my tongue-tied, felt my eyes Eyelash falling & fatigue, gave up to sleep and turn in a dream destiny.

The charming of her smile tranquil myself wellness, and here breeze was my guidance for remaining days, her fragrance was the pregnant of Paradise, and her voice was the four seasons, each season has his own a composing, with griped of my hand comfort and the other hovering around me, all of a sudden I walked up five days later, appeared to leave, I sat on the wheeling chair leaving out of the hospital, then I got up from the wheel chair, I turned around to thank her, the surprise was bigger! She is Lolita which, I loved without that electric chair.

–END–

