Short Story Love: A boy named me – PART 2

Photo credit: 

 from 

Her flight was not for another three hours. She did not know what she was doing or why she was doing it, she knew deep inside that she did not want it to happen. She walked slowly but suddenly tripped. Out of nowhere, someone held her by her hips. It was him, he helped her up and they were face to face. Looking at each other’s eyes they came closer and then she suddenly snapped back to reality. She was standing in the same spot and knew it would never happen after all that she had done. Without waiting to wipe her tears she looked back once, it was misty, she started to walk again.

He reached home and just sat on his bed remembering their times together. All the laughter, cries pain and the joy. He dint want to let her go but he remembered something she said, “even if you don’t want to let me go Jackie, I have to go. We both are holding on to something. That something is us and if one of us leaves, that means the other is holding on to nothing.” He wanted her back and he knew he wanted to do something to get her back, anything for that matter. The problem was he dint know what he had to do.

It seemed like just now that they both got into a relationship. Two years had passed since then. He started thinking about the things that happened back then. It was like a flash back. Two years before they both hardly knew each other. It was one small incident that made them meet. His memories went back to that very moment when they first met. It was Christmas party near his house. It was a colony party so people from the entire locality were there. He was there enjoying his drink with his friends. That was where he first saw her. He felt a wind in his hair all of a sudden and turned to look what’s happening. To his surprise he was so damn close to the pedestral fan, that his eye lashes made contact with the surface. He quickly snapped out of it and stepped back to his bed and sat down.

Then again he took a glass of water in his hand and taking a sip drowning back to the same memories. In that crowd he saw a group of people a girl and her parents walking towards him. She then went to one of my friends and spoke for some time. He then introduced her as Jennifer. As they were talking he saw a pleasant view by the end of the street, two puppies playing near the street lamp. With a smile he turned away and started speaking to his friends again. Then he started walking away from that place and was walking towards the street lamp. There he saw a girl having the puppies in her lap and patting them.

She saw a guy coming towards her and acted as though she dint notice him at all. She kept patting the puppies. She saw him standing next to her but did not turn to look at him. His friends came at that time and Jennifer patted her shoulder saying, “hi Janie, seems like the pup craze hasn’t left you yet ei??” Jennifer then introduced the rest of his friends to her and finally him. They both shook hands and the entire area was filling up with light, and a blaring sound filled the air. All of a sudden two beaming lights were in front of her and she jumped out of the way of the truck and realized that dreaming on road was never a part of her plan.

She was confused and really needed him but she tried her best to not to let her memories dominate her mind. She then reached the airport and checked in and saw the time. She still had to spend four full hours fighting her mind. Sitting on a seat nearby, she opened her Mac-book (a laptop). His voice echoed in her mind,”you racist, you even want your laptop to be white ha-ha, come on don’t….” his voice then faded away. She then Shook her head slowly with tears in her eye and continued to stare at her Mac. After a while she decided to delete all his pictures, mails and every other thing related to him.

As she started to delete them she saw something that clouded her completely….

As she started to delete them she saw something that clouded her completely. It was a handkerchief he had gifted her. It was written “My love forever and eveR”. She opened her bag and started searching for the kerchief. She was not able to find it and panicked she checked in all the places around her, the way she came, the place she was sitting, everywhere. But she was not able to find it, as she started getting tears she wiped her face with something and that made her smile. It was right there in her hand, it was in a fourfold. With the smile slowly fading away she opened it and saw the words “Reve dna reve rof evol yM”. Then she turned it around and it was “My love forever and eveR”.

After a really long session of sitting idle in his bed, he drank some water again. His face was sweaty and he was staring constantly at their photo. He wiped his forehead and then his memory took a leap and there he was immersed into his thoughts again. It was their first official outing as a couple in a garden restaurant. It was a candle light dinner on a beautiful full moon day. She saw a leaf on their table with a drop of water on it. She took it on her hand and kissed it and the dew was sucked into her lips. He dint ask her anything still she said, “I know it’s crazy but I kind of get a feeling that a dew drop on a leaf is the most peaceful view. And I try to absorb that peacefulness into me”. He smiled and kept his lips on her hand and then all of a sudden he went on one knee and said, “All my life Jane, I have been waiting for this moment. I knew someone would prove me wrong. Because when I said moon was the most beautiful thing I ever saw, I knew I was right. But the moment I saw you I took that back. And now you have proven me wrong”

She just gave a sweet smile and opened her bag and gave him a sheet of blue paper. He took it from her and opened it. It was a letter in which she had explained how much she loved him and that she had been in love with him for a long time. All of a sudden the glass broke and water spilt all over him. He snapped out of it and saw the glass of water slipped from his hand, shattered on the ground. Wild ideas were created in his mind on seeing the broken glass shards. He took one shard in his hand and then thought of hurting himself, later he dropped it and then cleared the mess over there and again drowned back into his memories.

On her 21’st birthday he gave her 21 letters that said how much he loved her and a keychain along with that which had a little red colored heart in the middle with a rotating ring around it. All colored sheets just like the one she gave him earlier. She was in love with those and she would read it at least twice a day. She then safely hid it under her bed in her room stacked, as a heap of colorful papers stacked up. Whenever she felt low, she would read them and then keep them safely in the same place. Voices echoed in his head and there were a million voices at a time. It all was so fast and he was not able to handle it, as though someone was choking him, someone hitting him right in the gut, someone pulling him closer and closer to death. Despite all this he just wanted that someone, and wanted it to be her. With a deep sigh he opened the window in his house and looked at the moon. And immediately he stood up with a rush and then put on his jacket and ran down.

It was time for her flight and she was getting ready with two heavy things, a heavy luggage and a heavier heart. There was one hand bag and a big suitcase. As she was going she turned back to see someone running towards her. She hoped every bit that it should be him; it was him, only it was her perfect imagination. As he came nearer he faded away. She dint wait to feel bad and pushed through the security area in the airport. She stood near the ticketing area, got her seats in her ticket, she was asked to sign, she immediately took out the pen in her bag and signed it and turned back and stared at the pen. On the first valentine’s day of their relationship, he sneaked up on her from behind and covered her eyes. He wished her a happy valentine’s day and gave a very beautiful pen. Silver pen reflecting almost all the light it got. A voice faded in “excuse me, ma’am. Ma’am kindly move…” She snapped back to reality and she was still standing in the line. She looked around and apologized and went to the seats. It was an empty airport and she along with some other people in the waiting line, were some of the people in the airport. She took her seat and her flight was in forty five minutes.

Jack, riding his car at a devils pace reached the airport in a matter of minutes. He sprinted into the airport and rushed to the check-in area. He saw the charts for a moment and saw the flight, it was at the third gate in fifteen minutes. He jumped across the barriers and started running without thinking about anything. The guards raised an alarm and started chasing him but he was really fast and there was a good one minute gap between them. As he scanned through the area he spotted her, a girl with a white dress in the counter. HE dashed towards her and kept his hands on her shoulder and said “Jane, please don’t leave me I….” and he fell silent. She said,” pardon??” it was some other girl.

Read Next 

 | 

