Short Story of Man-Woman – Much and More Left

Photo credit: 

 from 

 day there was a hot news in newspaper’s headline. A film actor was marrying fourth time. Actor’s bride also married two times earlier. That day this topic became top of the conversation among some officials in a government office in the capital.

 What is doing the actor? He has the position to get best, virgin and most beautiful girl of the bollywood or the country. What is left in the body of this woman now?

 You are right, but she may be maintains her figure.

 Maintains? ok, but she has slept with at least two people. This is an official number. Who know the unofficial number?

 Why you only talking about woman? The actor also married three times earlier?

 Then… what he has lost? Little bit loosed his weapon, but he has Viagra etc for that. (A peal of laughter)

 Friends, you are right that the intercourse affect the internal organ of a woman, but body itself is not all in all in a relation. Emotion too is very important. Some times emotion is more important than body and beauty.

 What do you mean the supporter of women?

 I want to say that the woman may left much stuff in her personality. She may have emotion. She may have love. You say that she has slept with two men earlier, but I say that perhaps her two husbands merely raped with a live dead body.

 What are you saying?

 I have a friend who got his second marriage recently. His newly wife also married earlier. My friend says that the present experience of love and intercourse has made his first marriage meaningless. His wife also says him that she too has no pleasant experience with her former husband. She laid silently and her former husband slept at once after fulfilled his desire.

– Oh, this is interesting…

 Ok! Tell me. Is your wife ever kissed you? Is she ever burned your body with her lips? Is your wife ever rolled her fingers through your hair like a mother during intercourse? Is your wife ever hugged you during love? Is your wife ever said that what she like or unlike during intercourse?

All the three officers were silent.

 So, I earlier said that a woman may leave much more stuff in her personality apart from body and beauty. …and now I can say that all of you also left much more in your relations.

__END__

