A Simple Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

“We cannot be together anymore”. His eyes unwavering. He looked determined. But if you looked closely, you could see the corners of his eyes glistening. The slight shaking of his hands was almost undetectable.

“Your father is right. I can never give you what your father can. And his displeasure over your choice of a life partner is not completely misplaced”. He tried to convince me. But I could hear the faint quiver in his voice.

On that hot summer day on 21

 May 1995, Chris was not wrong.

I was the daughter of William Da Cunha. The Da Cunha estates were legendary. My father was the 5

 generation chairman of the Da Cunha group of companies, which was into multiple lines of businesses like steel, textiles and education.

For the Da Cunhas, life was pretty simple and pre-defined…

We always went to big Ivy League schools.

We were always sophisticatedly dressed.

We always did the “right” thing.

… And most importantly, 

Marriage in our family was not just the union of two souls; it was the amalgamation and strengthening the business community through familial ties. My mother, Mrs. Miandra Da Cunha was the daughter of Gerson Smith, the biggest producer of wines in the country. The Smith wines and vineyards were famous beyond national boundaries.

So when I went to Stanford Law School in 1993, my vision was clear – Get a law degree and join the family business. Eventually marry an alliance of my father’s choice and join the lineage of other women in my family who remained home makers, enjoyed their lavish lifestyle; threw extravagant parties with their husbands and probably, eventually work a charitable institution by giving out generous donations. Little did I know what I had in store the day I started school in August 1993.

—

Chris and I had nothing in common, except that we both studied at Stanford. He was a final year Engineering student. We met in MIS (Management Information Systems) class. I can still remember the first day when a tall, lanky guy wearing faded jeans and a hooded t-shirt entered the class. He looked lost. He looked nothing like the men I knew. But even then, I could see a twinkle in his eyes.

He didn’t dress 

by the Da Cunha standards. He laughed aloud if he was amused. He didn’t mind if I laughed too much. He didn’t blink an eyelid if I swore. And when I secretly wore a tank top and hot pants, completely forbidden in our house, the only thing he commented was “I looked hot”.

When I was with him, I discovered the side of my personality I didn’t know existed in me. Nothing I did or said was weird for Chris; and it was just a matter of time before I fell madly in love with him.

—

That Christmas, when I took Chris to meet my father, he looked visibly nervous. He had worn a tie for the first time. In that Chicago winter, I could see drops of sweat on his forehead. But he held his head high and tried to look comfortable.

“It’s going to be ok. Daddy is really nice”, I tried assuring him and gave him a hug. His hands felt cold on my back. I knew the meeting would be far from pleasant.

‘Sit down Mr. Parker”. We turned to see my father standing at the door. He was accompanied by my older brother, Nicholas. “Myra, please help your mother with her Christmas cake”, he said in a low voice.

“But daddy…” I started

“Now”, He said in a firm voice. He didn’t look at me as he sat in his leather recliner.

I gave a reassuring look to Chris as I walked out and closed the doors behind me. But I stood there, trying to listen to the conversation.

“So Mr. Parker, what do you do for a living”, my father had started the interrogation.

“I am a final year Computer engineering student Sir. I plan to…”

“I don’t care for your plans Mr. Parker”, my father interrupted. “What do your parents do?”

“My parents are divorced, Sir. My father is a mechanic at Sears”

“And your mom?”

“She’s a nanny

“Hmmm…” Daddy took a long pause. From behind the doors, I could sense a tension in the room, in that eerie silence that followed.

“So Mr. Parker, how do you like our house? Nick, did you arrange for Mr. Parker to have a tour of our estate?”

“No Father, but I’ll have it arranged”, Nick was polite albeit cold.

“You have a lovely house Mr. Da Cunha”, Chris was getting uncomfortable. He always knew his lack lustre family would be a topic of discussion. But now, he was slowly getting suffocated. He could feel the cold disapproval of the Da Cunhas for our relationship and he couldn’t wait to leave.

The dinner table was not too warm either.

“Chris dear, try our turkey. I am sure it’s nothing like you’ve tasted before”, my mother chirped politely.

“It’s wonderful Mrs. Da Cunha”. Every bite was an effort for Chris, but he bore a brave front. For me.

As we walked out to the door, we didn’t speak. But we knew that the coming days would not be easy.

—

The unpleasant conversations and confrontations continued over the next few months. Chris graduated and got a job with a top IT company. Father was far from impressed. ‘He didn’t belong to a good family. How can a child of divorced parents show any kind of marital responsibility? He’d run away at the first site of a clash’. He had many arguments. But I was firm.

And I was firm on that morning in May 1995, as Chris tried to convince me to break up. Our relationship was stronger than the bonds of heritage and money. Finally, we decided to get married against the wishes of my family. The day I left my parents’ house, I left my father a letter.

And I did something which 5 generations of Da Cunha women had not done…

Daddy was angry beyond words to find me working in a local law firm as an assistance. But as always, his anger was expressed by a haunted silence. But I know my defiance had hurt him beyond words. I was his pet, his youngest daughter, the child he felt closest to. And I had disappointed him. Mother was different. She called me often… She cried often at my misfortune… She could never comprehend how I could choose someone so beneath “our standards”.

The first few years of our marriage was a struggle… financial and physical. But we were happy. Chris started his own company to manufacture mobile devices. People laughed at us. But I believed in his dreams. Weeks grew into months and months into years. Our efforts bore fruits. The mark of the new century brought us the good luck we deserved. Chris’s hard work paid off and his affordable and attractive devices grew to be more popular than the industry leaders. And slowly and steadily, we started becoming rich!

—

And today, as I am seated in this conference with the members of the ministry and industry, in a chair next to the Chief Guest, Mr. Chris Parker, I reflect over the last 2 decades, from where we started and what we have achieved. When I look at the man speaking so elegantly on the podium, I still feel the same stir in my heart. In his sharp cut suit and graying hair, he still looked as charming. The twinkle in his eyes still there. And each time I look at him, I fall in love all over again.

__END__

