Love Short Story – Smitten with our twosome (Part I)

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 4 in the early morning when her eyes opened. Sleepless nights and stress were causing her eyes to burn. Her left leg was feeling numb due to an uncomfortable position. She had spent the night changing sides on the convertible waiting chairs placed in the waiting lounge outside the Operation Theater. The chairs made of wood were only good enough for a comfortable sitting but equally tough for a restful sleep. Due to the discomfort she could feel a tint of ache in her whole body. The fan was making a bit of cracking noise which but for this tiredness would have gone unnoticed and unheard. Her dad had been operated today for a major surgery. The operation had been successful and that was the only reason for a bit of relief that she and her family members felt. The day had been tough.

Clearing her eyes she looked to the right, in the chair next to her. It was empty. For a fraction her heart skipped a beat. And she quickly sat upfront in her chair with a jerk. But no sooner did she turn left than a sweet smile flash on her face. Instantly all fear and stress seemed to disappear. The smile had all the love and care possibly in this world. He was sleeping on the floor on a cotton quilt which was otherwise provided as a substitute for a blanket. His head rested on the comfort pillow brought from the car seat. He was sleeping like a baby all curled up.

Despite of all the tensions and worries she felt her world so complete and so secure. And yes, finally it was love! He was her love, first and forever…!! She wanted to get up at once and kiss him and lay down with him; all cuddled up in that small space and let this time pass in his arms. But the very next thought sent a chill down her belly. He was her best friend and guide. What if he came to know about her feelings for him? How would he react? Did he also love her as a man loves a woman? Or was it all just friendship and bonding between them? What if he did not accept her feelings? What if he would feel crestfallen?

She would lose her everything. How would she survive the cold shoulder that would follow? A part of her heart felt that he would accept her love and shower her with his love. But the other part disagreed. She was fighting with herself. But amidst all these thoughts she her mind was adamant upon one thing, she had to face this! She wanted to wait for the right time, for things in her life to get back to normal, before she would take a step ahead in this direction.

Today when Riddhima was going through these hardest times of her life, Dev stood by her all through; as her safety net. Not once was she left alone. Besides he also made sure that in the face of all this tension, she kept calm and smiling. Was all this just friendship? The answer was clear, but yet for some reasons Riddhima had her doubts. As far as her feelings were concerned, it was clear like a crystal. She’d choose him, in a hundred lifetimes, in hundred worlds and in all versions of reality. She had already decided her life with Dev.

But her fear was holding her back. Had Dev also felt the same way he wouldn’t have waited so long to tell it to her. But he hadn’t yet! So could her fear be true? But with all the positivity that she could gather, she wanted to hold him close to her and pour her feelings out…….she wanted to hug him tight, bury herself in him and fall asleep in his arms……..!!

###

