Love Story with Moral – Rescue Operation

Do you really know the actual meaning of love? It’s not only a feeling in which two persons attract towards each other, get physical and that’s all. I know in this modern era children have much exposure and so much connectivity through new technologies. Love is not new, it’s a divine emotion.

Abhishek startled to see him again sitting on the same bench. Gripped Kriti’s hand tightly and went to the opposite direction and sat there. Within a couple of minutes they mingled in their love talks and deluded about the stranger.

Now it’s a routine. The love couple tries to ignore the stranger but he used to sit there every day, same time, same place.

It was a pleasant evening. The park of a beautiful city, Bangalore, was decorated with lush green grass and the fragrance of flowers filled love in the air. So many couples used this place as their meeting zone. Sitting in the nature’s lap everyone feels so calm and quiet. It is the alluring nature, gives the lovers a mesmerizing aura.

That day again they started their conversation with immense love but it ended with a debate and Kriti left the place in depressed mood and Abhishek sat back on the same bench helplessly. He was suffering with a great pain at that moment.

Then a heavy, male voice astonished him.

He said,”Hey! Young boy! Why are you looking so stressed and depressed?”

For the very first time, Abhishek looked at him and observed his personality. He had a great personality, more than 6ft. of height, broad chest, heavy mustache, pure eyes and having a great grace of self esteem and confidence. With the graceful yet serene appearance, must be from Army or anything like that.

He again asked,” Was she your girl friend?”

Reluctantly, Abhishek nodded his head.

He asked sarcastically,” Would you like to marry this girl?”

Abhishek was already in a bad mood. He was irritated. The stranger showered a number of questions on Abhishek. Since Abhishek was a very facile boy, never hurt or insult anyone so tried to satisfy the stranger’s nonsense queries.

Abhishek replied in rage,” Yes Sir, I love her and she loves me. And we will definitely have a successful married life. Anything else?”

He politely asked, “Are you sure? I am sorry to interfere, but I kept on observing both of you since last month. I feel that she does not love you. It’s not your fault dear, it happens often in your age. This is not love. It’s like, selecting a life partner on the basis of physical attraction only. Don’t you think that it’s too early to decide that you are in true love?”

Now he crossed his limits. Abhishek stood up angrily at once. Abhishek stared at him furiously and said,” What rubbish is this? You mean to say that we don’t understand each other’s feelings and emotions? I am cent percent sure that we are destined to be a happy married couple in recent years. We both are mature enough to decide the things. This is none of your business and please I beg stay away from us.”

He proceeded politely,” I just wanted to help you. I have seen so many cases, where the lover will remain with you, as long as you can fulfill her all desires of life. In crucial times of life, if someone accompanies you that means, she is the actual partner for your entire life. Do you really know the actual meaning of love? It’s not only a feeling in which two persons attract towards each other, get physical and that’s all. I know in this modern era children have much exposure and so much connectivity through new technologies. Love is not new, it’s a divine emotion, but in the lack of correct decision, so many separation cases can be seen. See, neither I am an astrologer nor have any super natural power to predict the things. I am a simple and ingenious person yet more experienced than you. I observed that she never showed her consent with you. You try to convince her on several issues but fail. That means you both are so different from each other. So, why to take such a lifetime risk?

Abhishek replied,”Oh my God! You were monitoring us? It’s really sounds disgusting. How can you interfere in other’s personal matters? I answered because I thought you are a genuine person. I should leave right now else my relationship will be spoiled by your own thoughts.”

Abhishek got up but he held his hand and requested to be seated.

He again said, “Calm down. It’s nothing like that. I do not have any intention to spoil your relationship. Being your elder, may I make a requisition?”

Abhishek said,”Sure. Go ahead.”

He politely proceeded,”I admit, love is a divine gift. It cannot be described and defined, it can be felt only. You can do anything for your love. It has care, prayers and sacrifices for his loved one; it brings a number of responsibilities along too. And if it is tied into a pious bonding then it will provide heavenly peace. I think, you should introspect your love. Nothing much you need to do, just observe her minutely and recheck your decision and I will see you after a month, same day, same place. Till then see you.”

Without waiting for Abhishek’s answer, the stranger left the place at once and disappeared in dark. Abhishek was numb. He was dismayed.

Abhishek took out his digital diary and stored the date 6th October 1997. He set a reminder for stranger’s next meet. He was in a deep thought. He never thought like this before. The stranger shook him completely.

Abhishek decided to follow whatever the stranger had suggested. He also wanted to know that, if their love is true or not.

And the love couple used to meet in the same park daily. Gradually Abhishek realized that at times Kriti behaves like a very selfish girl. He tried to convince her on some issues, but her viewpoint was entirely different. She never pity on poor, never tried to help others, never concerned with anyone. She was very attractive, smart yet not beautiful by heart. Abhishek was a very sensitive boy. He was feeling guilty to ignoring the selfish and calculating attitude of Kriti.

Now Abhishek started waiting eagerly for the day of meeting with that stranger for the next step to be taken. But he had to wait for some more days. At last the most awaited day came. Abhishek wanted to discuss something very crucial with the stranger.

Abhishek kept on waiting. The stranger was so punctual. He arrived after a month i.e. 6th November 1997 at the same time. Abhishek pranced merrily. He was not able to hide his excitement for the important meet.

Abhishek said, “Hello Sir!  How are you? I had been waiting for you.”

He profoundly observed Abhishek and asked,” Yes dude, do you need my help?”

Abhishek had tears of happiness and gratitude.

The stranger said politely with a grin, “You can tell whatever you want to share, only then I may guide you.”

Abhishek cleared his throat and went down to his memory lane.

Abhishek was in 10th standard. He was a very decent and sensible boy. He never talked in a high pitch with anyone. He was a brilliant scholar. Although he belongs to a rich background yet he was a very humble and kindhearted person.

Once there came a fairy like girl. She was the prettiest girl in the school. Everyone wanted to speak to her at least once except Abhishek.

Once she could not attend the school due to her sickness for few days. She asked Abhishek’s help to update her work. He never denied to anyone. They used to sit in the library to complete her pending syllabus.

Gradually they became good friends. And one day Abhishek realized that he loves her. So without any delay he proposed her which she accepted. After completing the school they joined the same college and started planning for their future.

Sometimes, Kriti used to behave very badly with friends. Abhishek did not take that much seriously. But after 4-5 yrs of courtship, when the stranger asked him to observe her, then only Abhishek noticed her attitude a little bit minutely.

Once they were wandering under the rain and enjoying. All of sudden a lean lady came and asked her to provide something to eat as she did not had anything from several days. Undoubtedly she looked as if she starved for days. Abhishek was about to offer her something to eat. Kriti lost her temper to find disturbance in fun. She shouted at her and commanded her to go to hell. When the lady tried to touch her, she overthrew her lean hand with cruelty. If Abhishek did not have taken hold on her she falls down. Abhishek was shattered to see this. Truly she is not the lady of his life, so cruel she was!

Such an ugly heart, behind a beautiful face!

Abhishek bought some chips and a cup of tea and offered to her but she refused to take. She could not digest the disdainful behavior. Abhishek apologized on behalf of Kriti and insisted her to have some snacks and tea. Then only she accepted.

Abhishek could not speak to Kriti normally after that.

Abhishek continued,” I think you were right. It was merely a physical attraction and infatuation. I still love her but I am afraid that she loves me or not? She says that she loves me but now I have a doubt.

After that incident I did not call her. I kept on waiting for her call but she was with her ego only. I think it’s a mutual connection. She loves me, but her expectations are more. She cares for me till the time when her ego gets satisfied. She does not have soft corner in heart. Now I don’t know how successful our marriage would be! But I am extremely amazed that how did you know regarding this? Why did you help me?”

The stranger said,” No need to be thankful! I am performing my duty only. I am Major Vikram Singh, from Indian Army and am always ready for rescue operation.”

Abhishek murmured, “Rescue operation?”

Major Vikram Singh sighed,”Let me tell you about my life. My so called lover left me, when I decided to save a child stuck in the fire on the fifth floor of a shopping mall. Her mother was crying from his whole heart to save her child. Being an Army man, I was about to rush to rescue the child. My lover caught my hand to not to take any risk. But how could I forget my oath, to serve the nation and to save the lives. I tried hard and somehow saved the child. Even today I can feel the pain of that poor lady. I was also injured badly. Due to some negligence of Doctors, I lost my leg.”

Major Vikram pulled his trouser up and showed his artificial limb. Abhishek had goose bumps. He felt embarrassed on his previous day’s behavior towards Major. Now he wanted to know more about him.

Major Vikram continued,”When the queen of my heart knew about me, she started ignoring me and gradually everything was over between us.”

Abhishek asked, “Sir, May I ask the name of that stone heart lady.”

Major Vikram smiled mysteriously, “She was Mrs. Neeti Oberoy. Ok dear, allow me to leave now. All the best for your future life! Think well prior every decision.”

And he left away.

Abhishek muttered, “Neeti Oberoy, mother of Kriti Oberoy?”

Abhishek had water filled eyes. Now he had empathy with Major Vikram Singh. He touched the bench with great honor and said,”I salute you my Army man; again you are successful in a rescue operation.”

Abhishek wiped his tears and honored the bench with his heartfelt grand salute.

__END__

