Story of Fashion Cheers Break-up: Episode 2

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I was getting restless. Mia was hiding something from me. What else now? Oh god I need to break the silence.

 “Meeeeeeaaaaa. Just blurt it out, will you? What is it?” I nagged.

“Well, there is a piece of good news for you. My company is going to Athens for the Fashion meet. It’s hosted by Damalis Aslanis and Co!” Mia beamed ear to ear.

“OKAY, that’s great! But how exactly is that a good news for me?” I said.

“The interesting part is, that, I am going, AND we need to collaborate with either Le Meur or The Jarvis’ to represent NY. I have been asked to talk to you. If you can talk your company into this, only then will our PRO contact Jessica. Get that?” She explained.

“Seriously Mia? You think talking of work with me will help now? You know Jessica. Why don’t you contact her directly? You know, I’m on my leave.” I said rolling my eyes, a bit offended at her overrated ‘good news’.

“No duckface. Pull a brighter face! It’s a fashion meet! It’s going to be fun! And if you put this news on a platter and present if before your company, you’re ought to be a huge part of this meet! And they surely cannot go without their fresh talented designer!” Mia exclaimed.

“Eh. Don’t make all this sound so exciting. I am in no mood for all this now. And moreover I’m still kind of a fresher. Why will they prefer me anyway?”

“Girl! Just pull yourself together! You’re going to talk to Jessica tomorrow and confirm. And we’re going to Athens next week!” She ordered. “Aah! Sun, beach, Greek men! I can’t wait.”

“I have never been to Greece before. I always wanted to!” I said childishly.

“We will hon, we will. Anyway I have brought Chinese for you, and there are some cool stuffs in there. Eat the food, and check the goodies. I’ll be leaving now. Call me tomorrow. Ok?” said Mia.

“Yeah right! Thanks, love.”

She left after a bear-hug. I went to the kitchen and opened the packets. There were a set of nail-paints and nail-stickers along with the Chinese food she was talking about. I loved her a lot for this very reason. She was like a sister. A caring sister! I had my dinner and cleaned the mess.

‘Things are going to be fine. I can do without him. In fact, I am better off him.” I kept chanting. Memories of me and Jake flooded my mind. Memories of us, while having dinner, memories of us fighting over the television channel, memories of late night chats on our little couch, memories of us making love in the bedroom, bathroom, kitchen table, living room, and ……… I could’t bear this. My knees gave up, and I collapsed on the floor, crying out loud.

 “WHY? WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME JAKE?” I wailed. “What was wrong with us?” I kept asking the same questions that echoed through the walls.

The next morning I woke up on the floor, in the living area. At least the crying helped in dozing off. I wasn’t feeling good about my health. It was seven in the morning. I decided to go to the office once, to talk about the fashion meet. After a long shower and a decent breakfast, I dressed up in some dull formals. I didn’t want further sympathy, so I couldn’t afford to look this pale. With the help of some concealer, I covered up my blemishes, applied some blush on the apple of my cheek bones and tried to reduce my red eyes with eye drops and outlined them with liners. A peach finish to my lips finally made me look normal, once again!

I cabbed down to the Fifth Avenue, paid the bill and jogged through the revolving doors of Le Meur. The smell of different perfumes, especially Dior’s Poison strongly mingled in the air at the ground floor. I inhaled it happily and walked towards the elevators. There was always a warmth in this building, or maybe it was my profession, or maybe the people who always lit the place up into a happy setting. Not that days are stress free in here, but the passion for the work we do helps us do it religiously. Okay, there are downs as well, but for now, let’s just not spoil my happy mood. I was proud of myself for I never knew I could be this strong. I was a strong woman who could challenge break-ups. I met a few co-workers and exchanged warm smiles with them.

“Woah everyone is so friendly! Maybe they all know…” I murmured to myself.

I stepped down at the eighth floor and headed for Jessica’s office, determined to make things work out. Jessica was covered up in piles of files and papers. She was scribbling something on the pad, and tilting her head to fix the phone between the ear and shoulder. I think she is taking orders. She looked at me, really surprised. She smiled and made gestures with her hand, asking me to sit.

“Yeah, alright. I will see to this. But I think this will take sometime…. Okay. I’ll get back to you later.” She told over the phone and hung up.

“Oooh Neha! What a surprise! What brings you here today? I thought you took a leave for a week.” said Jessica.

“Umm… I would have, if I didn’t bring an offer to the company.” I said.

“Offer? What offer?”

“Have your heard of the Fashion meet by Damalis Aslanis and Co? It’s going to be held at Athens for two weeks most probably. The G&G are eager to collaborate with us and represent NY. Remember my friend who works as a columnist there? Mia Jerome? She has forwarded this offer to me from her company. If we do not accept, they will approach the Jarvis’.” I delivered breathlessly. “And so I had to come to you. This is a great offer. Our company has no tie ups in Greece. Nothing could be better than this Jessica!”

“I did hear about this meet, and in fact I was wondering that we should talk to Micheal about this. I will let you know about it Neha. Thank you for the proposal. And do ask G&G to contact me officially.” Said Jessica.

“Oh alright then! And I’m going to my office to get the summers’ layouts done.”

“That will be smart.” she said crisply.

Why was she like this? The world wouldn’t come to an end if she acted a bit more excited! I went to my room and turned the computer on. I started checking the designs and worked on their layouts. I forgot who Jake was. I didn’t care who he was. I didn’t remember who I was. I was so deeply engrossed in the work. My phone started ringing.

 ‘Mia calling!’

“Hello! I just forgot to call you. I’m at work by the way.” I said excitedly. I knew that she’d be proud of me too.

“Work? You’re working? Way to go girl! I’m amazed. And did you talk to your boss?”

“Yes I did! She will have a talk with our President and let me know. But before that she has asked your company to contact her officially.” I informed.

“Yes, that’s what I needed to know. Neha, I will get back to you later. I need to inform the PRO. Bye, love. Take care!” She disconnected the line in a hurry.

The rest of the day was quick and easy. Regina paid me a visit and we had a nice chat over our lunch. We were getting along really well now. Despite her irritating nature, I found a sweet and caring friend in her. I grabbed my things and left for my home after eight. I worked late intentionally to keep myself occupied. I reached home quite late that night, courtesy, NY traffic! I found Mia’s car parked in front of my porch. I pushed the door and was soon welcomed by a tight hug from Mia.

“Bloody hell Mia! Let me breathe!” I croaked under pressure.

“PACK YOUR BAAAAAAGS! The deal is finaaaaaaal!!” Mia bellowed.

“What? Seriously? When? How did you know?”

“I just got a call from my boss who asked me to cover the stories at the meet, and that we have sealed a deal with Le Meur. I’m sure you’ll be getting a call any moment now!” Mia went on.

After a cup of coffee and endless planning, she decided to leave. I took a shower and changed into my pajamas. I was getting a bit nervous since I wasn’t getting any call from office. My phone lay beside me, lifeless than ever! Oh wait!

Did I check my BlackBerry? I dug out my bag and found my BB blip-ping green LED light. I unlocked the screen and found two BBMs from Jessica.

Sh*t! Sh8t! Sh*t! Where is my phone?! I grabbed my phone and unlocked it. Damn! This is why!! I was running out charge. I punched Jessica’s number on my cordless. The phone was ringing, and my heart was thumping.

“Oh god I hope it’s me!” I kept chanting to myself.

“Neha! Where have you been? I have been calling since a long time.” I heard my boss saying.

“Umm, sorry! My phone had run out of battery without me realizing it. Tell me, what is it?” I sounded really naive, trying to be a bit professional, ignoring the hurry within me.

“Well, I did have a talk with Micheal and others and we have decided to accept the deal from G&G. And, both I and Micheal believe that you should go to this meet, along with Regina Quinn. Is that alright with you, Neha?”

“Alright?? OF COURSE! THANK YOU SO MUCH JESS!” The struggle to hold my excitement and professionalism simply flew out of the window. I could kiss my bosses right now and when I say Kiss, I mean it!

“Alright. See you tomorrow. I’ll let you know about the details then. Bye!” She was the usual Jessica I knew.

I couldn’t hold my happiness! I was going to Greece! That beauty, what bliss! I ‘Whatsapped’ Mia,

That night, nothing, absolutely nothing could put me off. I had my dinner happily, watching ‘Friends’ episodes at a stretch, and went to sleep IN my bedroom, ON my bed, WITHOUT the help of any alcohol.

The next morning I woke up, happier than many other days in the past. One by one I completed all the chores. Mia had called me early in the morning and we exchanged some powerful feminine emotions of ‘fashion-trip-planning-excitement’. I set off for work in a bright green shirt and brown pants. One of the many blessings of working in a Fashion company was, no restrictions in dressing up. Hence, we could wear our moods daily to work! My phone started ringing. The screen flashed up, ‘MAA Calling’! I took the call happily.

“Hello Maa! How have you been?” I was really happy to be hearing from her after a week.

“Do not talk to me Neha! How dare you ignore me and not take a single call? DO you have any idea, how worried we have been at home? Your sister was watching the English news and found out that that Jack of yours, is dating a film star. Is that true? Wasn’t he going to ask you to marry him? ‘Haye Bhawgwan!’ (Oh God), all your relatives know about your relationship. What am I to tell them now? Come back to India Neha! See, I had told you! That place is not for Asians. They will use our brains and dispose us off. We will find you a good looking, educated and intelligent Indian boy. Will I talk to Pammi Aunty?”

Yes, my mother was being a typical Indian Mum. I couldn’t handle so much at a go. I tried to think of a reply, but my mind was jammed already.

“Maa?” I finally said.

“Yes dear?” Maa inquired.

“It’s not ‘Jack’. It is ‘Jake’. I was dating Jake. And yes, he did cheat on me over a Hollywood supermodel, Gloria, who is also his ex. I mean was. Err, whatever! I do not care mum, what my Relatives have to say. I know you can dodge them. And you need not talk to Pammi aunty, I think I will focus on my career, and saying that, next week I will be flying to Athens, which is in Greece, for a Fashion meet. It’s a big break for me, Maa! I’m really looking forward to it. And please do not worry about me. Trust me, now I am FINE. Please take care. I love you all! Maybe I will come down to Calcutta (India) once this meet is over. Okay, I need to go Maa. Talk to you later, ‘tata’!”

“But—- are you sure? And Greece? Will you be all alone? I’m really worried for you. The other day Nitu came by. She was telling me how girls get spoiled once they are out of strict guidance. They feed on drugs and sleep with colleagues. And in fashion world you never earn success without these two. Is that true?”

I laughed at her silly worries and explained everything in brief. Finally before hanging up, she was convinved that her elder daughter wasn’t on weed or sex. I reached office just in time to meet Micheal.

“Hello Neha. Ready for Greece?” Micheal beamed warmly.

“Oh I’m so glad you chose me! I will be my best from Le Meur.” I sang.

“Good luck then!”

Later that day Jessica told me everything about the trip. Well, it wasn’t really a holiday then, since I was to design and present a small show up there. And guess what? We were to find Greek models for the ramp. F**k! I went to Regina to plan things out and to know if she has got any solution on mind.

“Reg, did you hear from Jessica? We are to put up a show there with GREEK MODELS! How on Earth are we going to track down freelancers out of the blue in two weeks’ notice?” I said worriedly.

“Ooooh yes. I did hear! I don’t know about that, but surely we will figure it out. By the way, congraaaatuuuuulations daaarrrrlinnggg….!!” She hugged and kissed me cheesily.

“Erm, yes, you too! I think we must start showing Jessica our summer collections, so that as soon as they’re approved, we can start off with the tailors. We can take a crew of six people max, excluding us, of course. Okay? Think and let me know of your plans. Bye!” I got out of her Pink stained room urgently. Everything was okay about this girl, apart from her being a little weird and snobbish. Nevermind, her dumbness.

The next few days passed in the blink of an eye. Today It’s my last day at office, before I leave for Athens. Jessica just left handing me my visa, air tickets and some work related files. This felt better than receiving my monthly salary messages from the bank. I still had to pack my bags. Thank god I had the weekend and Mia to help me with the shopping and packing! Over the past couple of days we both couldn’t meet up. We both were caught up with the last minute preparations.

I reached home early that night. I sat with my dinner and switched the TV on. Suddenly I saw 

and 

 Bile rose up my throat and a chill went down my spine. The media had caught them snogging each other in the car at first, and later they cuddled together and went up to a posh hotel, and as per the paparazzi, they were putting up at the same suite. And as per my intuitions, the same BED.  Perhaps having sex? Maybe he is comparing me with her? And maybe there were laughing at me now, sharing a common joke about me! Was maa right? Did he actually ‘Dispose’ me off?

I felt like throwing up. Fresh hot tears burst their way through my eyes, down my cheeks at these thoughts. How I was planning on a trip with Jake sometime soon! A trip, that will never happen again! I missed him so much. I missed cuddling in his arms. I missed being loved! Despite all my powerful attempts to get over him, I found myself back to square one. What was with this stupid trip to Greece? What was the point of everything if the love of my life, the man of my dreams and reality, JAKE, wasn’t with me?! Tomorrow morning I think I will cancel all of this. And for now, let me just sulk! I played the saddest and the most melodramatic songs from my playlist, turned the lights off, hugged my pillow and howled.

The next morning I woke up to Mia’s screeches.

 “WHAT THE F**K DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING NEHA? I HAD CALLED YOU LIKE A THOUSAND TIMES LAST NIGHT. I WAS WONDERING IF YOU HAD JUST DIED, YOU KNOW!?” She screamed.

“Umm… I’m sorry Mia. I was a bit upset and all… and didn’t realize when had I dozed off… This Jake and Gloria thing is haunting me everywhere!” I began to cry again, like a child.

“Shush! Quiet now! Enough of crying. You’re not a crybaby. Get up now! We have a lot of work to do. JUST A DAY LEFT FOR ATHENS!” Mia squealed and hugged me tight. She was really good at infusing thrill in my veins.

I brightened up and dressed up in my DKNY peach summer dress and Jimmy Choo pumps to go with it. The two shopaholics in us leaded us to all the various stores in the big city, starting from Prada, Armani, Gucci, Savannah, McQueen, Chanel to the lower streets at Manhattan and the lower East side for street shopping. We stopped at our favorite ‘Allswell’ restaurant for lunch, and then again boosted up for some more shopping. It was already dusk, by the time Mia’s car was packed with bags full of clothes, shoes, handbags, sling bags, perfumes, accessories and a few essentials. We somehow managed to squeeze ourselves in the front seats and headed for my home.

Too tired as we were, we said nothing much, but called it a night too quickly.

The next morning we both woke up with butterflies in our stomachs. For sometime in the morning we danced a jig or two till we realized that we urgently needed to pack. Mia was supposed to come home that night will her luggage and everything, and we were to leave tomorrow from here, together. Thus, as per plan we kissed short goodbyes and immediately I got busy packing anything and everything I thought was sensible. I wasn’t an expert at this, but with the help of my mum’s advice and Mia, I did manage to pack by the evening, almost two trolley bags and a huge handbag, all for myself! I made sure I kept a few weighs in my hand so that I can shop and still not exceed the weight limit. Mia came home that night and we ordered some food and drinks. We kept talking for the whole evening and didn’t realize when it was midnight! Setting five different alarms on, we slept off.

The next morning we woke up with a start. It was The Day! THE DAY! We danced our way through the little chores before leaving. I made sure to call Regina and my crew up before leaving. We were supposed to meet at the airport itself. After carefully checking all our belongings and lists of to-do, we left, for the airport! I rolled down the window glasses and inhaled the fresh New York air. I remember, the last time I was this excited was when I was leaving for NYC from Calcutta, India. The same thrill of exploring a new place, its people and adventure!

We reached the airport. Regina was wearing a Yellow colored jumpsuit which complimented her pinkish skin. I immediately fell in love with her Louis Vuitton handbag. Mia didn’t look too happy to see her. She always found her irritating and annoying. Anyway, we finished our customs and entered the panel through which we entered the business class in ‘Lufthansa’ airways. My jaws dropped down. I could definitely reside in a plane like this, forever!

Mia eyed the male flight attendants, who, I agree, were some real treat to the eyes. The sharp features and well toned muscular arms with their abs prominent through their sophisticated uniforms. I and Mia exchanged looks and winked. She licked her lips and mouthed, ‘Greek men!’. We both started giggling. Regina didn’t catch the humor and stared blankly at us. One of the attendants grinned at me. My cheeks burnt red. Finally, we were all seated and ready to take off. Slowly the plane gathered speed along the runway and took off. I looked at its wings and awed like a child. I felt like a teenager once again! I could see the dream city of New York below me in no time, the skyscrapers in Manhattan were tinier than ever, and I felt happier than ever! Mia hushed in my ears, “GREECE, HERE WE COME! I hope Athens can handle NY!”

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.

***

TO BE CONTINUED…

