Short Story of Love and Dreams

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rohan was now studying in Class 8. He had an opinion that he was at present the most depressed person in the world. He came within the 3rd rank in his examinations but he was still not happy. Why? Rohan had a dream-he wanted to become a cricketer. He was so inspired by the gentleman’s game since India won the World Cup in 2011, that he thought that he would also one day win the World Cup for India. But if he would tell his parents–then, oh god! God knows what’s going to happen. So he just went on thinking that he would wait until some opportunity comes. But the main problem was that no opportunity came. And now he is in Class 8 and it is getting too late!

The whole thing is a big secret…if he told his friends then they will advise him to go to a psychologist. Rohan was so serious about the whole thing that he even promised himself, God and even in the name of his country that either he is going to become a cricketer or else he is going to die. And, promises are something great to him! He is in such a horrible condition that he doesn’t even have a cricket bat or a cricket ball.

Lastly, Rohan has got an idea–thought it would give terrible pain to his parents and others but that seemed to be the only solution. Now,Rohan has got enough work to do. HE has to search for a job, a place to stay and then once he is able to earn quite some money by staying away from home, he would be able to join a cricket academy. But how to get a job? The Internet now seemed his worse enemy and newspapers were absolutely useless. All these thoughts and worries began to accumulate in his mind. He lost concentration in his studies. Even yesterday he couldn’t answer the easiest question in history.

After he got all the sums wrong today, Anita came up to him,” Hey! Rohan! What has happened to you ? Why are so inattentive? Has there been any serious problem?”

Rohan absolutely ignored her questions and walked away. Anita was observing him closely throughout the day. Next day during assembly she told Rohan,” Listen, I can understand something is wrong. Please tell me about it. Maybe I can help you.”

Rohan refused but at last agreed to tell her everything. He was half hoping that Anita would burst out laughing. But to his surprise she did not. Rather she said,” OK. I can understant your problem. If you do want to run away then you come to my house, Rohan. My parents will do everything necessary for your dream.”

“But Anita, why should I become an extra burden for your parents? Why will they feed another person that to who is not even their relative?”

Anita went on insisting. She almost ate up his head. So Rohan had to agree but he was not so pleased. He said,” Ok. then I have one condition. I will stay in your house but I will earn money by myself .”

So, the next day midnight, he woke up packed his bag with his each and every article and after giving a very painful look to his fast asleep parents, he went out. Anita and her father were waiting near the bus stop. She has explained the whole matter to her parents and they had understood. Rohan was to have a new home from now. The next day he got a tution where he was to teach about 15 class 1 students and he had a monthle salary of Rs.7500.

Within 3 months he joined a Cricket Academy and was doing extremely well. His coach said that he had great talent. He also did well in all the domestic matches with other teams.

I will not get into other details and let me move forward 1 year.

Rohan is now playing in the u-19 Indian Team and for Bengal in the Ranji Trophy. The day after he was selected, he went to meet Anita. Without even hesitating for a moment he hugged her tightly. She was surprised! But after coming to know everything tears rolled down her eyes. Rohan did extremely well and later(when he was 19 yrs. old), he got chance in the Indian Cricket Team. Also, a great news-he and Anita have ACTUALLY fallen in love with each other. Rohan was whole heartedly commited and dedicated to her for her support and help.

12 years have passed since. Rohan and Anita are happily married and HE is indeed having a very bright career. His dream has at last come true. He was happy that his parents have agreed to this when he fell on their feet and apologized.

Rohan always says to God,”Thank you so much for bringing Anita in my life! She is the jewel in a crown!”

[This is just a story. There is nothing common with reality.]

__END__

