Story of Love and Breakup – Lonely

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Hi dude! Why you smile like a crooked alligator?” Reni asked him with a sweet smile.

“Do you think I am crooked alligator? Wow….it is very nice. I will eat you. Why don’t you come to close baby?” Samuel shoed his ugly smile again.

“You are pretty easygoing dude, I think. Am I right?”

Samuel is silent. It does not mean that he accepts the comment. So he replied after a while.

“You may be right. My parents, you know, they use to tell me that I am not studying well or enough. So they say me this!”

“Do you have a girl?”

“Yes, it’s you the first and may be the last in my life.”

“Samuel! I love you some times and I hate you many times. How can I be your girl forever?”

“There’s a life-lesson here baby. Not all bad guys look like bad guys, and not all good guys look like good guys! Just use your brain to deduct and get the solution properly!” Samuel said.

He also laughed with his crooked smile.

Takagi Reni looked at Samuel with unbelievable hatred. She thought that he is definitely a bad dude. She started hating him, so she went closer and kissed him

“I don’t like you. But I can’t discord our sweet relation. What can I do?”

Reni is thinking seriously that why he is looking like a honest and good baby some times. If he is really good, why he cannot laugh like a sweet baby in cradle? Why he is in many types in few minutes. He may be good, as he just said. It is also possible that good people also look like bad some times.

“Are you really afraid of me baby??” Samuel laughed again in his own way.

“No way… You are a stupid bad guy with some goodness or you are cupid good guy with some bad intentions! So you are dangerous sometimes and harmless in more times ” Takagi Reni again kissed him with fervor or passionate feeling.

“You guys broke up? I know you had a girl and you broke up!”

“That’s right!”

“Why? Why you guys break up?”

“It depends. Many reasons help. Why think this?”

“She let you go all the way?”

“Not all the way.”

“So that’s the reason you broke up! Am I right?”

“Partly honey. Sounds emerge when two hands meet with force.”

“She let you get to third base.”

Samuel hesitated to answer.

Some people only consider French kissing as getting to first base. Second base is direct physical contact, usually meaning his hands to her breast. It also includes other forms of petting, touching and groping. Third base may include manual or oral sex for either partner.

“When I am just rounding third base…”

“How far it is?”

“Don’t ask me details.”

“It’s not privileged information. It’s a well-known fact,” Reni said.

“I want you.. Do you accept the third…?”

“I don’t care. Those are just details you are telling. Why closed with simple touch?”

Samuel touched Takagi Reni with intense feeling. She lost control. She is in Samuel’s reading room.

“Hi dude! Don’t kill me. I can’t sleep.”

“Do you mean to say that I am good guy and sleep well?”

All the red color in the world is on her cheeks.

“When I soak in a bath for a long time, all kinds of good ideas come to me.”

“So you call me good???”

“Yes. You are good for me.”

“Stop thinking in the bath and go study well for the entrance exams.”

“I do. You are dragging. We are meeting for the last three years.”

“What if another two to three years are counted?”

“I will be married to some other guy.”

“Don’t you feel lonely without your girl friend with you in your home?”

Samuel thought that what Takagi Reni said is right. But he is buying time. Why? He knows not why it is.

*****

“Hey, aren’t you lonely without a girlfriend?”

“How can I deny?”

“So you need a girl friend.”

“Not absolutely.”

“How about you go out with my girl friend Lucy?”

“What do you mean by it? Go out with your girl friend?”

“If you go out with her, you won’t regret. I guarantee that. She is great, good, honest and as pretty as Miss USA”

“I am sure I should not! I don’t know why I should go out with your girl friend? You say that she is just as beautiful as Miss USA?”

“Yes. There is no second thought. We are together for nearly one year. We are not married. But people think that we are more than married. She is so good. She always covers my difficiencies.”

“Then, why you ask me to go with her?”

“I suggest this, because you are my good friend.”

“That is secondary, why you try to turn her towards me?”

“Split..”

“Split? What is it?”

“Split of my feel or opinion or expression. I knew that I have other side.”

“What is it?”

“I can’t tell you.”

“How far did you go?”

“Regarding sex?”

“Of course”

“I know her since my childhood. So I cannot do this. I cannot think her for this.”

“Of course…I know your problem”

“I tried someone else in my mind. I am unfortunate, I see her face on some other I think and so I cannot proceed further.”

“I can accept your suggestion. But I have a girl outside my room. I am thinking to take her. I cannot manage two girls at a time.”

Samuel rejected his suggestion. He is John, his best friend.

“Take some time, may be two or three months. I have this proposal for you live.” John said.

*****

Three months passed.

“I am marrying John, your friend.”

Takagi Reni confirmed.

“I know that he has a girl friend Lucy.”

“He explained me everything. I suggested you to be her boy friend, but he told me you were not interested. She got a good guy in her circle, Samson is his name, You also know him.”

“He is your ex-boy friend. I know him, the eagle eyes man.”

“You are right. So you are again lonely. Go on searching someone. Don’t waste time, it is difficult to find right life partner in less time.”

Takagi Reni also has gone. Samuel is lonely and he is looking for a right life partner.

__END__

