Love Story – Love of my love and dreams…

Photo credit: 

 from 

 This is a story only inspired by a real love and perceptual story which is strictly based on own factionalism and written by me. If it meets with any others then it might be only coincident. Thus, then, you’ll find this is a story of Vivan who is a NRI, gets influenced with an Indian girl Tunisia in Romania.

He finds her to be his life when she left him off, however she didn’t want so. Her parents get murdered in a fake accident by his uncle and fiancé. She gets betrayed… By her uncle and her fiancé… Anyhow she manages to escape and survive. Later Vivan came to India in his grandfather’s funeral, he finds her and his love of dream when he goes to Mumbai with his cousin to live his visit of India. Here, their life gets changed.

Then he thinks that his story is unique, interesting  for others not lose patient like him. He believes in humanity and optimism. Later he thinks he will make his story immortal. So, then he sets to write it. He gets appraisal from her beloved one when he shares his concerns. It worked for him to not only motivate but also make him dedicated to portray this in his diary. He chooses beautiful words and craftsmanship to describe him and his story…  He had his love, so he has his dreams come true…

Now exactly one year later he has been invited on the stage at a NGO, Powai-Mumbai as its Chief of guests, CMD and founder of Bist InterCom Romania. Here he speaks what he has to say… Here is him… …. Within his own diary … In the form of the only words … It has nothing but it is enough to understand, perceive and realize him. Let’s view his view… Let’s find out what about the story is…

 *

It is the same place where I did find her, my life who is now my wife. It was exactly one year ago coincidently but seems like it was happened only yesterday. But it is the same place, the same city which made my life changed. No matter about I became Indian more than ever, psychologically like other citizen of India. I’m sure I wasn’t ever before so like I am now. May be not as other NRIs, because I didn’t get Indian passport yet or they send so much of dollars which contributes to magnify the Stock of Foreign Currency but my mind and heart became Indian. I have now shifted my business in great profit than ever since I found her. We had visited India again to get married here after two months since then. Today we both came here yet again to see our first concurring /meeting after so longed and spaced existence like drops of rain are falling in dessert after more than decade.

Tanisha and I are to supposed to visit the same NGO which is a non-profit organization established by Tanisha and her colleagues when she used to reside and work in an IT firm in Mumbai, helping the people of city to get the availability and facility of proper guidance, awareness and knowledge for being healthy and happy with the help of yoga and other physical activities.

Yes, people are still used to come here to enhance their happiness, their essence of existence like they were coming on that day and thus, they says it rightly that their health which is real wealth indeed. They’d worked well and prevailed. As more people are seems to be aware of its theme and goals. I loved it. Yes, loved that Tanisha had given its name and theme. It’s really a very good and effective name which could impact on people’s psyche for an evolution, for themselves, for society. Now it has been appreciated by state government too. It is A Healthy India for Prosperous India. Great. Isn’t it?

Here we reached at the function organized by them. I also joined this NGO like Tanisha who reside in Romania with me and still works for this from there but I wanted to donate money if they want. So they’ve asked us this time. Mr. Govind who is, an enthusiastic and zealous volunteer, eagerly managing and anchoring on stage, asks me to say something whatever I have to. I come on stage. There were more than thousands people… Roaring … BHARAT MATA KI JAY! BHARAT MATA KI JAY! …

“NAMASTE Mumbai… Namaste India… This is an honor for me to be here and to speak in front of you. I know how much you people love your country. I know how much you people are alive and well and so am I being with you. And as being a NRI I also feel proud for India and for me being an Indian. This is an International day for Yoga, today which is being celebrated on initiatives taken by India. And also there were many evidences that India was real breeder of yoga since ancient era. So like this and thus, these initiatives and efforts of Indian government, especially efforts of, Honorable PM of India, and also this NGO ‘Healthy India for Prosperous India’, should be appreciated and applauded by not only Indians or its supporters but also by its adversaries too. I believe India and its citizen are being changed, evolved and developed, despite of various negative aspects like terrorism, drought and social inequalities and inequities. Its people believe in humanity, this is only kind of their kind. I’ve been found you people fearless and determined for its integrity. The same efforts needed for your own health too, for strengthen it and thus for prosperous India. No one can said to be wealthy if he/she is not healthy. The same is goes for India as a country.

Apart from its theme, actually, I want to let you know how I got in this NGO and how I influenced its works. Before that I want to declare that I am, Vivan Bist, as CMD of Bist InterCom Romania, sworn fully take a membership of this group to help needy people, which would be like to help myself to liquidate my duties being patriotic Indian as well as partisan of humanity. And also, I want to donate some funds to this Organization which is a sum of 5 million $. The fund will be given by my company in three installments. The first would be sum of 2 million $ and rest two would be of 1.5 million $. We’ll seek again such opportunity to donate or when if they ask.”

 People get roaring… Hurrah… hurrah…

“This is same place where my life changed. Do you want to hear or to reveal how I’d affectionately found Tanisha when there was no hope indeed?”

People in crowd starts roaring again…. Yes… yes… We want to hear… Hurrah… hurrah…

“Okay… Friends… We go…”

 *

It was 7.52 am (UTC +3), the train was arriving and masses were getting prepared to board in, but I didn’t know where I was or what I was doing. I was seeing several men, women and also many college/school going kids but all those didn’t get any of my attention. However, I could sense I too had to board in very train unless I would get late to reach Herăstrău Park subway station then to avail company’s transportation service by bus up to the office but at very moment I was busy watching a girl who was seemed to be dejected with tears in eyes, seated at a bench for commuters.

I saw her first today as I was at my last step on upstairs of subway. At that moment I ignored as I got a call from one of my colleagues called as Mr. Rooney. It was only 3 to 4 minutes would have passed since then and so I’d informed by my phone thru a call summary. I took out The România Liberă (a top-selling daily newspaper in Romania) from my bag pack-cum-rucksack which I brought from a newspaper seller’s stall as I usually do on daily basis. I used to see her boarding in the very same train which I used to take every day. Although I’d talked with her only two times before, casually, but this time I wanted to talk to her, ask her what has happened and so did my heart too. Actually my mind was sunk in thoughts but I realized I had to take only this train and only then train honked as to warn me. And it did so again signalling to leave.

I found myself missed the train and so did she too. I got irritated that missing. The platform seemed to be a dreary. Again I saw her, this time being more familiar even I hadn’t seen her that much to get her notice.

‘You too missed that train today like I did’, I moved towards her.

‘O’ Yeah, there was so rush that I couldn’t manage to. And it’s peak hour in Bucharest.’ She replied after wiping her last tear. While I pretended as I didn’t see her tears.

‘By the way I am Vivan Bist, and work for a private organization.’

‘Hello, and my name is Tanisha Umar .’ She said and made bit of pout and smile.

‘If you don’t mind may I say something as I often see you here?’

‘Why not? I’ve seen you here many times before too.’

‘Don’t get wrong, please.’ I stopped and held my head in my palm to find my words to say.

‘Okay.’

‘You’re not looking that very girl that I have been seen usually. I know it is very personal. You may opt not to reply if you don’t want.’

‘O’ please. It’ll not be that personal. I can guess. Don’t think like that.’

‘You look bit of sad and you never looked before like today. Is there any issue?’

It was the first time I noticed her actually apart from her lovely and beautiful face. She wore blue denim which measured till just below the knees and a white top on which black jacket also attached. Wait, in fact I didn’t understand whether it was a top or jacket or both. Her black eyebrows were well made and making concinnity with her face. While few strands which were brown, falling one by one as fast breeze were kissing her face and forehead. I felt happy to miss that train, for her missing too. Had not missed that train definitely I would miss this opportunity to be there and so applicable for her.

‘Actually, my family is forcing me to get married soon whether I get any job here in Bucharest or not. Whereas they had promised me to not doing so  if I get settled my career very soon.’ She continued after sipping some water from her bottle, ‘And now they crossed the limit.… And….’ I was gazing her moves.

Few tears rolled down from ocean depth black and charismatic eyes. I could see every single drop of tears. While next train arrived we both didn’t notice when it came, even its honking and announcement too. We boarded in same coach which came in front of us as I insisted her to do so. However I knew she also carry right ticket which would have cost her 32 Ron for a month like it did for me as it was cheaper than to go for daily.

‘And you don’t want to marry… Now… This is so simple. Just let them know. It’s not any big issue.’ I said while making some space to comfort her. I stood facing her while hers back faced the passage wall of the train near gate.

 ‘No, it is not that simple indeed. Actually, I belong to a small village near Moradabad India, and have pursued degree in engineering in CS from Universitatea din București earlier this year. But I didn’t get an appropriate job here because visa issues. I took admission in coaching institution to learn J2EE and Its Advance level programming two months ago. Since then I am seeing here every day except for Sundays because you don’t come on that days but I do.

I’ve got scholarship from university which helped me to pay my tution fee as well. Apart from this my dad has made promise those monsters to, marry me with their son so they provided money to pay my other expenditures and fees. They’re my uncle’s relative too. I’ve been brought here when I was only 8 years old by my uncle. Our apartment is in sector 4 but now I live in Hostel. Although, I was too young and I hadn’t knew all this otherwise I wouldn’t have come here. He and my father have set my wedding plan.’ She all said and stopped as she felt why she has said all this to me. So I guessed.

Till then train reached near Fundeni station. Neither, I released when we left Centrul Civic station nor she did which is most famous, dense and rush full station in the city.

‘Well, you’ll get a good job there too, dear. I’ll make you to get it. I am also an ASE and I know few friends of mine friends are working in reputed IT companies in India.’

‘I hope so. Thank you.’

 *

It was 8.09 am (UTC +3) and Monday, a fresh week had been started. I got late by half-n-hour today from my daily routine, waiting for train. Although, it was a public holiday, I had to come here as I needed some grocery items and beverages to buy. There are several super markets famous for its speciality in Asian utilities. As usually my eyes are glued to the front page of the România Liberă. I checked my wrist watch to know exact time. I got astonished. I felt blessed at that occasion. What was it or who is it? Was it any kind of illusion or fallacy? Or was it she? The same girl I’d met, in fact talked and concurred with her that day. I heard her voice saying ‘Hey, Buddy.’ And yes, I found her finally. So clearly it wasn’t any illusion or fallacy, finally.

‘How are you, Tanisha?’ I didn’t look her but kept reading my best buddy in reality as I had ever realized so.

‘Fine… In fact, good. Why today so late? The IVR announcement and honks from trains made her soft and polite voice tough to hear easily.

‘Yeah…Stuck in traffic at E8 Muncii’, I putted newspaper back in bag. ‘Wow! You look very beautiful and gorgeous.’

I praised her on her fabulous dressing sense. She wore a hijab and it was all what I could sense about her dress. But her white beautiful face with black eyes, precise black but lightly colored eyelashes and sharp red lipstick, was real charm and central of attraction. A black silky scarf had wrapped her head and a stone studded on top of needle, has packed it on right upper head while on left shoulder she held a designer which was labeled as MINO MAESTRELLI, brown leather bag. Later she told me about her bag as it was an Italian brand name for luxury women leather bag, when I praised her bag

‘So, are you on off today?’ She guessed as I was not in formal and enquired. She checked her phone. And got busy in, I hated it. I hated her phone as it was coming in between our talk.

‘Yeah… It’s Public holiday today. And I’ve to go market to buy some beverage and daily needy things for my own need.’ It was all I said then next train arrived for us. We boarded in. Again today in same way we had earlier.

‘Vivan, I am marrying a guy who is working in Qatar. They have made a plan. A last  and final plan…He is a ME and runs a small machinery organization there.’ She said as she took a seat facing me beside the window.

‘What? What!’ I got surprised, as I’d never expected to hear this, at least not at that very moment. I neither find any word to congratulate nor to solace her. Meanwhile a cop came to check our authorizations for being in Bucharest as they might have thought us anything but not native. They left us alone after finding us having proper authorities.

‘Yes. My independent journey would end here this week in Bucharest.’ The intensity of her voice was going slow down after each word. ‘And so I want to live it. On Thursday I’ll go to India.’

‘You’re ready. I mean you need to enjoy this. Live your living how you love to. Let forget about that nightmare. Or you can skip that and them too.’ I didn’t know why I said this to her. I doubt on me, whether I wanted her to live her independent life or I wanted to be with her, to live her togetherness at least as much as I could.

‘Yeah… I will… I hope… I don’t know… But I know this time I can’t.’

‘Okay, let’s change the mood. Why you don’t join us tonight? There is a small party at Dâmbovița Community hall, Vitan, sector 3 organized by ‘InterNations connecting the global minds’. I got in contact with so many Indians thru this only, so we’re going to celebrate tonight.

‘Yes. I will. But make me sure you drop me to my hostel in Grozăvești which is in sector 6.’ Her stop Bd. Regina Elisabeta, has arrived then. ‘Meet me at Vitan 5.00 UTC.’

 *

I’ve been waiting her since 16.52 there. It is very sensitive and hard to realize every minute which has to be spared if you’re waiting for someone. If that is your girlfriend more or less,  or even likely to be, does not matter, worsen if you’re not sure whether she’ll come or not. More than an hour has spent neither she came nor I moved any inch to make sure I have not missed her only when she came. It became worst evening since I have been in Bucharest. Some part of my heart kept me waiting till 8.30 pm. I got lost in her thought that what would have happened to her? Something really and indeed would have happened to her. But she had to make me known at least. Had I not as worthy to get informed? I took out my phone to check if there was any message from her…. Yes, of course, there was no message.

Beep! Beep!

 Now again… Beep! Beep!

I got shocked as it displayed that I had received two messages… But it showed nothing and well it made a hope finally, at least, as being started with 2 new messages from a new number which reads as …+40112… Who had wanted to know what the number is and not what message does it has. Not me, at least.

I ran towards that bench hurriedly, I didn’t realized when a tear drop fell from my eyes. And it did repeat again… This time they rolled down with my chick while I’m seeking where the sweet bench is. The same bench which she had used to sit and again used to convey her message in a sweet note. I found it. That specific bench near a book stall, right of the way to retiring room, on its opposite left upper corner a big LED display has been installed on which a soccer match had broadcast. People were busy to watch the game and so I was to seek and find her note. And I found it beneath that bench inside the hole as it contained several hollow circular pipes made of stainless steel. I took it in hand and few drops of tears fell on the very note which my friend had left for me instead of meeting even being promised to do so. She had written it by her own hand… I felt like I had her sweet hand. I kissed it. It smelled me delight.

My heart was pumping like a steam engine. My body was getting trembled and I felt like cold ice caps were placed on me. On forehead sweat got settled then ran towards down to find some earth to be stable. Like my life have been pushed in danger. Or she putted herself in… Somewhere in bloody and dangerous business deal.

I did same as she had instructed… No… No, she had only requested, my heart said. Even I wanted to check airport what was actually happened. But I returned to my residence instead. There was no question, neither to attend any party nor even to dine. But I could say yes if I had been offered any kind of wine. I didn’t know whether it would have worked fine.

I threw myself on the bed, sunk in thoughts, thoughts of her and us but there was no sign of sleep while clock showed it was 4 o’clock.

 *

 

I’d come to India just 15 days ago as my grandfather had died. I had seen him only once when we were come for a summer vacation with my family from Romania. Then I was only 12 years old and after that I’ve not visited my father’s birth soil which is in a small village called GangaPur near Varansi in U.P. My mother never wanted to visit India as she feels to be different and awkward as people said her to be an untraditional and unsocial type foreigner woman who can’t hold a place like my grandmother has held. But I love India. I feel different even in Romania that I’m specific having Indian originality. I just came here in Mumbai to make this visit special memorable. I had watched several Bollywood movies too, also heard people being called this city as A City of Dreams.

After four days I had to fly back to my place in That Bucharest where I got influenced with a stranger’s a strange, an innocent bond of affection. I wished would that I find her again, at least for once. It was neither any prayer nor desire. In fact and actually, I wanted to know her being well either. I was sure only this won’t work for me but I knew if there is nothing then it is better to have something at least. I was staying with my cousin’s apartment in Powai. He had planned to make me visit entire city in only four days. I went Juhu Beach, Kanheri Caves, and CST on day one and two.

On day third we went for movies- a Bollywood movie in a city theatre which is famous for its screening of block-busters- I insisted to see it again back to back. It was Salman khan’s movie- Bajrangi Bhaijan. The only Bollywood movie which I had seen twice and back to back shows. In late evening we went a club, we danced, we made fun and also not to forget to mention we boozed too. Then after having dinner we reached in apartment. It was very late was all that I could realize but not the exact time. We slept fell and slept in dining hall I didn’t know when.

It was my final day for visiting Mumbai. I woke up early in morning. I moved towards windows as I could remember I see people doing yoga, jogging, meditation and work outs on road which was only for them. I loved these people, looking them doing. I felt some kind of affection with those people. Why? Because they were only Indian or else I didn’t know. And also I hadn’t wanted to know but only to gaze them. I really, didn’t want to know who and who were them. I came down to live like they were living the essence of life. I sat on a wooden bench. I wanted to gaze each and every people doing whatever they had to do being originally. There were small kids too, doing extraordinary things. I wanted to garnish these scenes of happiness. Then astonishingly, my eyes were stuck on a lady who was leading a group of kids, adults and also few senior citizens inclusively. Who was she?

I found her to be as similar as to my Tanisha, my own Tanisha , more or less I didn’t know but what I knew was there was any similarity at least or at certain level if not completely. I wanted to run to check whether… no, if that lady was she. As there weren’t any negativity in my mind. I stood up on that bench. I could see only her hands were wide parallel to ground and faced my face as to beckoning me to join her. I became curious to see her… To ask her… To talk with her… To know how would she have managed to be here if she was my Tanisha. I too, joined those people and her, stood facing her and so became her disciple. I saw her, finally yes. I saw her closed eyes, her charming and innocent face. And of course, she was my Tanisha. I didn’t know whether it was so difficult to follow her moves or my feelings were coming being hurdles. And later our eyes met and what I saw my appearance astonished her. She stopped, checked whether it was any misconception either. She burst in to tears as she found me in front of her. Others worried what the matter was. They were reckoning that it was me who made her neutral. But they too understood who was I and waited for us to speak. I too wanted to speak something at least like her but there were no words or any psyche to say any single word.

What we did was all and only to keep seeing, or gazing, or garnishing each other in ours sight. I wondered if she came from any wonderland . And she ran to me, gave me her first tight hug… And yes, of course this was my first hug too. Her memories flashed back in my mind. Specially, about her last meeting, and her that message and note.

‘Why? How were you? You don’t have any idea what you made me to go through. You told me what you had to tell. But you didn’t give a chance to reply even not to see you going off. My love… Tanisha’

‘Now I’m good…But not then. They became worsen day by day. They killed my family and showed it as an accident… I lost everything…I lost your togetherness… I lost myself too… I came here finally with the help of friends and see I’ve survived while they tried their best to kill me too. And escaped, thus, today I’m more alive and in front of you, finally.’ Now her heart had poured and burst, with feelings, emotions and also in to tears from her eyes at the very same time like rain, bliss and blessings of god are falling from sky at same time.

‘You could have told me or made me known at least. Okay. Forget what happened. Let’s come with me where we had started it and we had dreamt. Just marry me.’

 ‘Yes, I will.’ Her tears, emotions and caresses kept her silent in my arms.

Now we came to a bench and sat. She wore black tights reaching till lower knees and a gray fitted top which were seemed to be a yoga outfit. She had made her hair to fix a chignon on back head top. Her heart was beating with its full capacity and so did mine too. I had my love, so I had my dream. That’s all was only a dream which I’d been nurtured here in this city of dreams, perhaps unknowingly, may be if not in reality. I kissed her on forehead then our lips got locked for first time. She too joined then passionately.

 –END–

