AT WHAT LEVEL IS SEX IN ONE’S LIFE 

Photo credit: 

 from 

When the salesman Manik slept with Mrs. Anita and surpassed the barrier, fear from his mind gone for ever, hesitation that he had also gone for ever and shame that he had to speak anything undesirable also disappeared as vapour. It was not the case with Manik but also with Mrs. Anita. Mrs. Anita was feeling more energetic whereas Manik feeling weakness. He was a bachelor and as such could preserve energy in him and at the same time could discharge also occasionaly. He never thought of such a young and beautiful lady to sleep with and to spend the whole night on a single bed under his arms. As usual his husband came back at about four in the morning. There was none either on the road or in the street to see him coming back. He was not afraid of any one but of his wife. Like a thief he came to the gate which was closed from inside. Manik who was sleeping outside, not seen anywhere. His cot was not there beside the gate where he used to sleep outside and keep watch as watchman at night, might be due to weather changing he would have dragged his cot inside. In fact Mrs. Anita asked him to sleep inside the gate, not outside as street dogs were roaming at night door to door, could bite him, then there would be a great problem, he would have to take fourteen injections into his belly. He didn’t want his wife should awake and see him coming home so late, so he whispered the name of Manik from the hole of the gate, but Manik didn’t respond as he was sleeping deep. It was not with Manik only but it happens with any man under the situation he passed through, when goes to bed, it is very difficult to get up earlier. When he didn’t get any response, he called in a loud voice to open the gate. His wife got up to hear the loud call and immediately rushed to and opened the gate. Having seen his wife Sadanand was too nervous to say anything, he entered and went to his bed direct and laid down as a looser in the gambling. His wife didn’t think of putting any question to him under the situation, she kept calm and quiet. At about 10 in the morning Sadanand got up. By that time the routine household work was finished. Breakfast was ready to serve. Her mother- in – law and Manik had already had their breakfast, only Anita had to take after her husband. “ Anita! I am very late today. Saheb lives alone, no wife now, gone parents’house, took too much both and slept over there. Can’t deny when sahib… don’t mind, matter of a few days, when his wife comes back, I will not go even.” – Sadanand said to his wife. “Whatever you do, do for us, I don’t mind, please be free from my side and take breakfast, your favourite Alu Parotha I have prepared for you. I also like it. Let us take together.” So politely she said to him that he stood up quickly and came to the drawing room. Anita brought two dishes of Alu Parotha with curd and salt. They stared at each other and smiled. Each one was feeling guilty but not aware of what was happening here with his wife and there with his beloved. Both were extremely happy. Manik had opened the fair price shop and waiting for Babu to distribute sugar and k. oil to the ration card holders on the eve of Durga Puja festival. Babu’s body was bulky so he came after taking rest for a few minutes. Now Anita wanted his husband to be over late every night, she never complained to him for coming late in the night. She was sleeping happily with Manik every night as couple – wife and husband and enjoyed to the maximum as they wanted, no fear, no restriction, no hesitation at all in anything in any way, in any manner. The days as well as the nights were passing so pleasantly that even the newlywed couple could be jealous of them. Sadanand was not so capable physically that he could help his wife to be pregnant. His was discharged so quickly that fertilization couldn’t take place whereas Manick was so strong that he stayed for a long time and within a month or two she was conceived as her mensuration stopped. When her mother- in – law came to know about that good news, she became very happy. She congratulated her daughter – in – law. Puja- Path was arranged and sweets were distributed as Prasad. To get it confirmed, test was carried out and was found positive in report. She was kept under a local gynaecologist. After a few months a male baby was born – very handsome one. Everybody in the house was very pleased not only with the baby but with her mother also. Now Anita was the heroin in the house and due love and affection was being given to her for giving birth to a male baby in her first delivey. Sadanand was happy and Manik was happier than him because he was knowing he was the father of the baby , not his Babu. Anita was also knowing it. For Sadanand it was immaterial to know, that he was blessed with a son was enough for him. Slowly and slowly the days were passing with the newly born baby. Her mother named her baby Sudhanshu which was meaningful in the eyes of Anita and Manik. Everybody loved the baby as he was so cute and handsome. Sadanand was black, fat and bulky whereas Manik was fair and slim. Sudhanshu resembled Manik in fairness and complexion. Everybody knew it but nobody dared to express it. The mother-in – law opined that the shadow of Manik had fallen over the baby while he was in her mother’s womb, but he had got his father’s head so big like him in size. It was so true that all believed in her statement. Just after two years Anita became pregnant once again. She gave birth to another male baby. Everybody was extremely pleased, for her mother- in – law it was a rare blessing from God. Both the brothers resemble each other. Each one loved the boys like anything. Now Anita was busy in taking care of her boys, not finding time to oblige her husband as well as Manik. Time and tide waits for no man. As these two boys grew school going , they were admitted to a local school. Now Anita was quite free during the period of school hours. Sex is as essential as food and drink. When Sadanand was out of the house, Anita managed some time and came to Manik and slept together and satisfied their sexual hunger. With the pace of time everything changes. In the case of the family of Sadanand also changes took place. The house was extended and first floor was constructed wherein Anita and her boys with husband started living. In the ground floor the mother was living and one room was provided for Manik to live alone comfortably just adjacent to the shop. Manik was asked by Sadanand to watch the shop also. Once Sadanand asked Manik to marry but he refused flatly in as much as his income was too meager to support the family after marriage. After that Sadanand never pressurized him for marriage again. Moreover he was not aware of his ( Manik’s ) illicit relationship with Anita, his wife. *** Writer : Durga Prasad, Bich Bazar, GT Road, Gobindpur, Dhanbad. Dated 17th. November 2014, Day: Monday, Time : 9.28 AM (Contd. …. To part – III) ********

