Wishful Thinking – Strange Short Love Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

They were talking to each other after many years, twelve to be exact, but this time on the phone. It was she who had searched and found his number on the internet. She used to hate the computer and the internet and yes, the “faces ” and  “tweeties” or whatever. You see , she was hopelessly and passionately fierce about her privacy, her friends. Some may call her outdated and even Gen X , forget Gen Y. Yet, it was the very same technology which helped her realize her wish. Her wish to connect with him again, and see for herself if he was happy, content with life.

She remembered each moment they had spent together, at that time as friends. He waiting for her to finish her work, inviting her to give him company when he had lunch. He had said to have lunch together was the ultimate thing to happen in friendship. It was kind of childish, but she liked his “fundas.” He used to drop her to music class after work on his old scooter. He was with her when she had to get a lab report, of which she was really anxious. He had said everything would be alright, like how they say in movies. But it was actually al-right. Oh, there were so many small things which they did together, which they shared.

She liked his company, he liked hers. Her friends and his friends used to watch. Guess her colleagues were worried , because they used to drop hints to her that he was already engaged! She didn’t care, because she already knew it!! and had met his fiancee. Because they were friends , good friends, who shared almost everything.  He had spent the valentine day with her, as her friend.

But everything changed after they went for a movie together. Something happened , which changed all. She remembered he had once asked her if he should go back to his fiancee. There was some conflict from her parents side. At that time she had innocently said, of course. That was the right thing to do, wasn’t it? If you have given your word and love to a girl , you should keep it…..She wanted to believe this… even today…..they didn’t meet after that………

All those years, she had never thought of him , only sometimes .. she wished things had been different…she hoped he remembered and thought about her… But she wanted to get over him. For that she had to meet him, at least once..she wanted to see with her own eyes..

All these thoughts were swimming in her mind when she dialed his number. She had hope, trepidation, and she was shy too…

He remembered her!! He asked about her, family, and kids.

And he was happy! he had his family…kids with his fiancée, now his wife!!

Maybe, she thought, after all whatever she had felt or thought was in her mind…or wishful thinking….

__END__

