Romantic Short Story – THE KISS

Photo credit: 

 from 

Scenery was little bit drowsy, it’s a filthy railway station. There was a group of friends about to leave for their homes. Melancholy was running like a shadow on their faces, but the shadow was little bit darker on face of that girl. Yes, the Girl whose expressions were being efficiently watched by the Boy.

Their tour went really well and they both got well acquainted with each other intimately . Well that was obvious as the things were pretty similar with both of them. Both suffered the heart break, both got detached from life and love as well. This all forced them to pass their heart broken reality bitterly.

But the day they saw each other first time in train things started to have new meaning. With those late night Whastapp chats something more than just words, were shared. They touched each other emotionally and forgot that line had been crossed.

Well when you already have got your heart broken, nothing can really hurt you. So they were both drinking the sadness with their Tropicana juice while standing on that crowded platform.

 So the train arrived they boarded and started talking nonsense they were supposed of. Now the boy was having full attention on the girl just for that one special moment which could be remembered in boring old day of life:THE KISS.

The girl was a stubborn shy and he was goddamn crazy about the idea. So the fight started on sharing that one rough blanket of AC three tier coach of our dear Indian railways. Yes the blanket which more than four people were trying to settle their legs in.

“Can I hold your hand?” whispered the boy.

“No” replied the girl.

“please!”urged the boy.

“No!No!No!”answered the girl hardly.

“okay !Just for 5 sec??” pleaded the boy.

Girl who never even thought of that crazy thing , quietly let him hold her soft hand but for 5 sec only,the act filled her heart with the warmth of affection. Yea affection which was boiling into the hearts of both.

Now after this 5 sec under the blanket war romance, Midnight came and suddenly the girl awake. Her eyes were impatient but they found rest when met with the eyes of the boy. Eyes filled with craziness and affection which were peeping from the upper berth of AC 3 tier coach of Indian railways.Those eyes of boy gave a blink and directed towards the exit. The girl was a sweet intelligent. She knew that it was all about that adventure:THE KISS.

She denied, the boy’s face fell down and they both straighten their back on berths. They were trying to sleep , but that stroll on beach, those adventures of ancient temples, that walk in zoo, watching those birds on pond side, that wandering in local streets and roads began to haunt their sleep. They slept but bitterly.

At sudden the train jerked and destination arrived.

“Please! I deserve it. Ab toh dedo? kab se maang rha hun?” pleaded the boy.

“Sometimes it’s best when left unsettled.Hum issey pura nhi karengey kyunki ye khatam nhi hoga.” said the girl while managing her tears. She took the bag and came close to the boy, it was the first time she hugged any man.

“You will always remind me that pure and honest thing I own . That’s ma heart, Naina.”Reacted the boy.

–END–

