Short Story – Unfound love

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

The gold linings are crisp and they reflect the brightness, yet it’s dark. Like sparkling jewels spilt on a pure black velvet, our stance is clear.

These gold linings slowly show their true colours and they are making us very uncomfortable. Very very. You wouldn’t guess the spookiness it causes in our hearts neither would you mind our dissappointness.

The spookiness is nearing us and the chills it gives is unbearable.

Oh! Thank goodness they are diluting at a place and the floor beneath is visible. It’s not the floor alone though; It’s wet, but the cause? We thought we were the only ones sparkling. Look at them!!! *Wolf whistling*, what are we doing?!?! Shouldn’t we be a bit respectful? A sadness surrounds us even more than the creepiness that engulfed us previously.

All of a sudden, they look up from where they were let go and see us. Oh what beauty! That chubbiness, just the correct level. Their walk, so graceful. Where had they been all this while? Their eyelashes so long and their seductiveness. We have never been so dead before. The light which got to our eyes seemed like they were been generated from deep within them. That cute smile they flashed at us and the dimples. Oh my! Oh my! The usual heavens above shifted their positions below us. Our legs seem like they have been rooted (we have been floating ever since our discovery.) We stay in nothingness except for the awe spurred by them.

In all this time we didn’t see them constantly move away. Please don’t go any further. By then they also found the eyes prying at them and this was the true meaning for love at first sight. Then they realised that they weren’t released, but pushed away. But they didn’t get the same until it was too late. On the other side too, there were knots in the throats, so dry that they couldn’t even scream to save. They fell down and were broken into a million pieces, just like the same on our eyes.

YOU have been looking at all this and yet you don’t say comforting words. Why so? Can’t you see that I’m in sorrow? Won’t you help me out?

All this time, I didn’t say a word. But you all have never realised that I die a little until each fortnight, looking at your sorrow, unable to express in words. And each time I see you all together again, my happiness for you is multi fold and only then I grow. Don’t I know?

__END__

