Unique Short Love Story – Love on AIR!

Unique Short Love Story – Love on AIR!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Every evening as soon as I enter the house her beautiful voice hits me like a whiff of fresh air. I hope she knows how amazing she has been to me from the past 2 years since my divorce. In this time I have told her multiple times that she was the best thing ever happened to me, but she was always modest about it. Smiling , laughing and denying it. Her thoughts wake me up every morning and her smile puts me to sleep. Her voice is like the song of a bird that enlivens my mood.

We meet for two hours every day at my house as she still stays with her parents. I have asked her numerous times to move in with me but she is a very conservative girl, she always thought that would hurt her parents , her nature of thinking about everyone and everything around her made her stand unique in the normal set of confused teenagers .

She always participated in many charity events, she believed that helping others is her way of life, and she never forced others to join her cause. Small things like this always make my heart pour out to her and want me to hug her, but I always restrained myself for I know she needs all the time she can.

When my ex-wife came to know that I have moved on from her so soon she wanted to meet Thia even though I thought that this would make her uncomfortable. I persuaded her to give that meeting a chance. That day I got myself some new clothes and left half a day early from office, I brought her favorite flowers red carnations and considered buying roses for my ex-wife just to make Thia jealous, the thought was enticing but I cannot see her hurt so I thought against it

Finally, at 6:30 my ex-wife Anita arrived, she was late as usual and she hasn’t changed a bit, if anything she looked rather beautiful and young. I complimented her, she smiled and said that she was engaged again and could not wait to start her new life. I always knew she was the kind of lady who would move on from one man to another but I never was the person who judged people, so I left it at that.

“So , where is your special person. I have been here since half an hour and cannot find her anywhere” she asked .

I sensed a bit of sarcasm and instantly knew she did not change even a single bit in her brain.

“She comes at 7, and she is never late unlike some people…” before I could finish my sentence I heard her voice and  again like everyday it  took my breath away.

“There she is,” I said smiling like an idiot .

Anita looked at me as if she has seen a ghost. I knew that she would be really jealous after she meets Thia. I gave Thia her flowers and waited her to say something but as usual she was very calm. When it came to receiving  gifts and compliments . She was such a simpleton, believed in simple things of life. Anita hasn’t yet recovered from the shock and kept staring at Thia .

“Stop staring, and don’t be rude” I nudged her arm and whispered.

“You cant be serious” she half smiling half angry.

“Anita stop being so impossible” I said again anger raising slowly.

 “You never changed to be the moron you were, god! I’m just lucky that I knew you had some serious brain damage in the starting of the marriage, good luck with your love life and don’t contact me ever” she shouted and ran out slamming the door on my face.

I was scared to look back at Thia, poor thing she must have been shocked with the whole episode.  I  shouldn’t  have  put  her through this in the first place. This was all my fault and I can never forgive myself  for doing this to her. I went to my  room and cried my  heart out.  I was scared that things would never be the same between us anymore but I was wrong, the next day my angel wa  back promptly at 7  in  the  evening.  That day I understood  that our bond was too deep to get  affected by such  silly stupid  encounters.

That  was  a  long  time  back  and  since  then  our  love  has  been  growing  deeper  and  deeper  every day. I  was  more  happy  with  life  and  looking  forward  to  our  evening  meetings  with  a  new  enthusiasm.  Today  she  said she  would  be late for an hour and I was already missing her very badly. Thinking that a walk  around the building  may  help , I set  out  taking  my  umbrella  as  it  was  rainy  season  and  rains  in  Mumbai  were  the  most  unexpected  things.

Walking  in  front  of  me  with  a crowd  of  people  around  her  there  she  was  beautiful  and  enticing  as  ever.  She  has  given  me  strict  warning  not  to talk  to  her  in  public  but  I  have  already  missed  her  from  the  past  one  hour  so   much  that  I  couldn’t  wait  anymore.  I  jumped  behind  her  and  held  her  hand,  she  seemed  shocked  and  removed  her  hand  and  left,  but  that  was  not  which  bothered  me, her eyes, they were cold and distant  and that of  stranger.

That  instant  I  knew  that  I  committed  probably  the  biggest  mistake  of  my  life.  I went  home  immediately,  hoping  and  praying  madly  that  she  would  not  leave  me  alone  like  the  rest ,  like  My  parents  and  the  numerous  other  persons  I  loved  dearly.  I  was  pacing  up  and  down  the  hall in  cold  sweat  and  then  exactly  at  8  I  heard  her  voice.

“welcomeeeee muummbbaaiiii,  you  are  listening to  305  fm with  your  favorite  rj,  thia” she  said.

That  voice  filled  my  lungs  with  the  air  I  needed  and  I  knew  things  were  normal  again. I  laughed  and  thanked  all the  gods  available  in  the  universe  and  sat down for  my  lovely  time  with  her.

__END__

