[Love Story – Unrequited……………..Is it???]

 

MAIN CHARACTERS

 

Unrequited……………..Is it???

 

I am Aparna Ram, a software engineer , here I am going to tell YOU my story.

5 years ago……………

I woke to the refreshing chattering sound of the birds and the soothing rays of the sun at dawn . Its been a long time since I have gotten up this early. Today I am going to start a new chapter of my life, my college life. I belong to a conservative middle class family in Kerala . My father died when I was a small child and since then my mother has been working hard to support both of us. I love my mother more than anything else in my life.

I am an average looking girl . I have brown eyes, long hair and fair complexion.

As I was sitting in the car on my way to college , my heart was beating very fast. New college, new friends , new teachers – every thing was going to be new. My mother as if  reading my mind kept her hand in my shoulder and smiled at me,

Soon the college came into view-the place where I am going to spend the next four years of ma life, the place where my career starts. With all this going through my mind and praying  to God I kept my first step . All I had in my mind was to get a good job in order to support my mother. What I didn’t know was college was not about only studies , it was about making friends , falling in love , breaking hearts and cheating .

I was crying when it was time for my mother to leave .I have never been away from my home before and four years ahead without my mom seemed impossible.

I went to my room and I found three others talking there. As they saw me , one of them ran to me and hugged me.

“Hey I am Smrti” She introduced herself.

“I am Aparna” I said smiling.

“I am Spasht” another said.

“And I am Sonam” my third room mate said.

I smiled at all the three and then i knew college life won’t be as difficult as I thought  . Little did I know what was waiting for me.

I got up and saw that it was 6am and class starts at 8. I started waking my room mates . Even though I was nervous,I was still excited to see ma new class , new teachers and my new friends. I came to the class and took the desk in the first row , Spasht eyedme weirdly but still joined me. I met few of my classmates but not everyone before that our teacher came.

” I am Vidya and I will be your in charge for the next for years” she introduced herself and smiled at us.

” I want  each and everyone to come here and introduce yourself and say about a few words about you” she told again.

“Girls first” she smiled at me.

I got up from my seat and went to the front and smiled at my new friends.

“Hi everyone I am Aparna Ram, I love my mom and I love reading and writing” I said and again smiled.

So the introductions went on and after sometime I got bored. I knew even if I listen to all these introductions, I am never going to remember all these names just in one day .  As I was thinking this the last person came to introduce himself. I looked at him and found him looking at me . He was an average guy. I smiled at him but he turned his head away. “What a rude guy”  I thought and made a mental note to stay away from him. Little did I know destiny had something else in store for me.

__ __

