Wrong Second of a Two-Second Story

Wrong Second of a Two-Second Story – Love Story

When we look into the hallow sky, the sky appears as a layer of blanket, the range of our vision is upto that layer but not beyond. Our eyes cannot see beyond this point of ”no-see” but there is definitely an existence even beyond this point and this – “LOVE” – exists there… this is what I used to think about “Love”. For me Love was something impossible and being a science student from school time and currently an Engineering Student I never believed in ‘Love’ because it fails all the empirical, testable and demonstrable protocols which suggest that ‘Love’ like thing cannot exist. Anyways, little did I know Life is full of surprises.

 I’d gone on Vacations to Jammu with family. One weekend, my cousin sister ‘Naqshab’ had to meet her best friend and asked me to accompany. Moreover family wouldn’t have allowed her to go alone. So, took a taxi and reached ‘Cafe Coffee Day’ where her friend ‘Rounaq’ was already waiting with her sister who Rounaq later introduced as ‘Aaliya’. ’Naqshab’ and ‘Rounaq’ were childhood friends, but I’d never heard of ‘Aaliya’ before. I met them… it was an ordinary meeting, a meeting I would have forgotten long before had it been anyone but ‘Aaliya’.

As my eyes met her almond eyes, before I could take my next breath I started wondering… wondering about how we were there, she’s was a stranger to me, I was a stranger to her, but would this strange ‘strangership’ turn into ‘Friendship’ ever? Thoughts like these started haunting my mind and before I could derive a Mathematical equation out of this, ‘Rounaq’ broke this thought processing in my mind with “Aay Hello! Where is your mind wandering?”

Well, I was only wondering yet, wandering with the one I was wondering of took a little longer. Anyways, she seemed that good, that perfect.

Soon after ordering Coffee, ‘Naqshab’ and ‘Rounaq’ got busy gossiping and talking about their school days, while ‘Aaliya’ and me were little ‘not interested’ in their gossips but hesitant to start a personal conversation with each other. Without wasting more time, I gathered guts, pointing towards her, I asked her “Ah! I forgot your name?” actually I remembered it, infact had memorized, and was even trying different spellings to her name in my head like ‘Aliyah, Aleeyah, Aaliyya… etc’, but I had nothing better to come up with, to start a conversation with her.

“Aaliya” she said with a pretty smile, though the pronunciation with which she said her name didn’t reveal the exact spelling of her name, but the voice with which she said her name and the smile were just amazingly perfect – it seemed like a perfect blend of both. “She was single” she declared. We both had Coffee and a Hot-Lava Cake, which I came to know was her favorite. At the same time my eyes caught the tag-line of CCD – ‘a lot can happen over coffee’. And yes, there have always been lots of amazing ‘Love Stories’ and ‘chemistry’ over coffee, mine too would start with a ‘Coffee’ I had no idea. We spent almost one and a half hour in CCD, got to know 5% of each other. And here our first meeting ended with a Good-Bye bid and an exchange of Facebook ID. Became friends and added each other on Facebook, late evening. Facebook, I must say, it has really socialized and paced-up our relationships you see.

Chatting and commenting started for the week. Whilst I could get anymore personal, her facebook status revealed that “She was in a relationship”. From my Facebook experience, I’ve analysed that people don’t usually update relationship status to “committed” unnecessarily unless they actually are. That meant she really was in a relationship with someone and that she had lied to me at CCD last weekend. This is with girls, they see someone handsome and chivalrous like me and for a minute they forget their current relationship status. Damn!

Well, I was disappointed and at the same time angry with that beautiful diva. I started ignoring her Facebook Messages just to make her realize her mistake. I just hate it when girls lie, and hate it more when boys tend to believe those lies. I messaged her on Facebook just to tell her how much she disappointed me, but to my further dismay she didn’t even bother to reply back…

Well, it was today at ‘Mint Leaf Restaurant’ where I’d to buy some Chocolate Cakes for guests at home. While I was paying the bill in the bakery section, a voice echoed from behind. In the field of Biomusicology, there is a theory called “Entrainment” which synchronizes a human to an external voice and sounds soothing to mind. Same thing happened… the voice that had my name in it got me entrained to it which calmed the stress in my mind, just like Kajol’s voice does to Shahrukh Khan in ‘My Name Is Khan’.

The voice got louder, “Hi Shayaaaaan” with a streched ”aaaa” sound. When I looked around, I saw a gorgeous blowsabella whose hair was dishevelled and hanging about her face. Oh Goddamn, it was she… ‘Aaliya’, the most gorgeous, the beautiful.

Believe me, ”Go To Hell” was my instant mental reflex, and all I wanted was to break her ultra-white perfectly aligned teeth that moment because she had lied to me about her relationship at our first meeting. But even before I could do or say something rude in-return for that lie, she interfered saying ”Shayaan, I’m so so so sorry…” while tucking her hair behind an ear.

These words made me look directly into her eyes, and she was ‘so so so’ pretty that I didn’t even try saying ”Go To Hell”.

This is the thing with ‘beautiful’ girls, they take your breath away when you wish to take theirs.

I still thought to ask her why she’d lied to me about her Boy Friend, and infact I asked. And I was puzzled to know that she’d just updated her status for her cousin who likes her and just to get rid of him proposing her for marriage, she had to fabricate a fake story with an imaginary character ‘Nadeem’. This made me laugh louder inside the Bakery Section with everyone staring at me.

And this meant that she’d said “Sorry” for *not replying to my messages*, and not for this “Relationship status” thing. I felt like the system of Love was changing itself according to my wishes and desires. This was the first time in my life I thought that Love itself might be as beautiful as the girl who stood right infront of me. Her voice, her smile, her hair, her pretty face, the cute tiny dents on her cheeks, a curl catapulting onto her face, a mole on her chin… this brought me back to my mental equilibrium and I smiled back at her everytime she looked at me. Unfortunately I couldn’t spend much time with her, had to reach home, so before leaving with a half-dozen chocolate cakes, I dared to ask her to meet someday.

As luck would have it, she gave a date when she would possibly be free to meet – “24th Jan, Saturday”

“Fine, will catch ya next weekend” we exchanged our mobile numbers and I rushed home with a smile on face preparing for that Saturday.

Returned home, received some usual remarks for reaching late to which I usually provide a deaf ear. Anyways, I’d done my job and went upstairs on terrace to relax in a romantic sun shine.

“Aakib” – my best friend. I share almost everything with him, from family problems to college problems, from Mathematical problems to Girl Friend problems. We usually used to meet every evening on our terrace. So our ‘topic’ for today was the ‘new comer’ – Aaliya. I told him how I met ‘Aaliya’ at CCD and how I started the conversation, how she talked about her interests, how she declared that she was single, and everything we had talked about at our first meeting.

 Aakib is quite intelligent and experienced, and he is a psychology student, he was surprised at one thing as why ‘Aaliya’ herself disclosed about her being single, and clinging to this point Aakib started convincing me that she might have liked me at the first sight.

“I ain’t a super-model my dear friend… it was an ordinary conversation and we were like strangers there, so she… mmm…” I replied, though I wasn’t interested to complete the sentence, may be I didn’t want to agree to what… I, was saying.

“All romantic life-time conversations start with ordinary conversations my friend, and all lovers have been strangers at the first place they meet… hahaha…” he said and we started laughing… as I couldn’t resist his persuasive manner.

To Continue Click on Page Below…

