Article – A Theory of Our Creation

Photo credit: 

 from 

I start with a question , if science anyhow could make an exact replica of a human with each piece exactly fitted , will it come to life ? This question directly takes us to the time when it all began . How was the first human born ? There are numerous answers to this simple question , many believe in the theory of evolution many believe that life was carried on earth by meteors . The answers although reasonable are only possibilities .

There may be thousands of answers to this question and the most convincing ones although i would like to add my own opinion to this.

I believe life on earth was not evolved or carried by some meteors but was transported , maybe creatures from a distant planet in the universe created us and their technology being so advance they also made us reproductive . Finally they transported us as Adam an Eve as stated in “The BIBLE”, although there is a possibility it is immense to hear and believe .

Have any of you ever believed in destiny ? What is destination ? Why are destinations always a fixed point ? have any of you ever given a thought ?

one reason is clearly because they are made to be fixed . We walk in a fixed path , one way or the other everyone has to die , we are destined for everything we do and yes we do exactly what our mind tells us to do . So what is a thought how do we think , where does all the thoughts come from ? who is signalling us ? Maybe the same creatures who created us are making us do everything that we do . Maybe they are controlling our paths and destinations .

This also leads to a conclusion how gods came into existence . maybe our ancestors saw them and titled them as “GOD” who creates life .

anyway this is only a possibility and if the answer to the question i mentioned in the first line is yes somehow only then the correctness of my theory can be judged , until then it is only a false assumption people would rather prefer it to be called as a bad joke .

__END__

