 

It was bright yellow; the yellow was the petals of a flower. On top of this bright yellow flower beheld a baby cow. This little yellow flower sat so gracefully in the middle of a little mound that was placed in the center of a lake. The mound would constantly make the flower disappear because the water would rise and cover up more land day by day. Unfortunately, there was no other land around. The other land was already covered up by water. This forced the baby cow to stand on top of the flower and protect it from any harm. The cow needs to find a way to not only get off the flower but to find more land so the world can live in peace.

Later that night the cow was thinking of a way to leave the flower, but also try to keep it safe. He thought about just swimming but began to look around and realized everything was just so far away. The cow began to get scared and lost all hope and courage in getting off of the flower. For he did not want to leave the flower in the harms of the cruel water rising alone. But the cow could not bring the flower with him, or it would die. The cow looked around one more time, but quickly looked up at the moon and decided to just close his eyes and rest.

The next day the cow was awaken by a bird. The bird held a piece of grass in his beak. The cow quickly realized that this meant there was still land near by. He quickly yelled over at the bird flying by, “ Where did you come from? If I may ask you!”

The bird swooped around and landed on the cow’s head. “ I come from miles away; I am trying to find more land. For this piece of grass is all I have left of my home.”

The cow looked down at his flower and began to drift off. He thought about how important this flower was and his mind had began to get courage and hope that they would both make it to a new land.

The cow finally went to sleep that night determined to go somewhere the next day. He dreamt about saving him and the flower before they too were washed out by the rising water. Sadly the cow was awakened in the early morning by filthy and repulsive snakes swimming and circling. The snakes were hungry and wanted the flower. The cow instantly jumped up and started to yell at the snakes, “Go away, leave me and my flower alone!” But the snakes just hissed at the cow. As they circled the mound, they tried to push him off and knock him into the water. They wanted the flower all to themselves.

The cow did all he could prying the snakes off of him and trying to make sure that the flower would stay safe. He just wanted the snakes to go away. Suddenly the snakes got close enough and ended up knocking a petal into the water. The cow looked down only to realize that another flower began to grow. “Stop!” The cow yelled at the snakes, but the cow was to late, as he yelled one of the snakes jumped at him and knocked him into the water.

The snakes began to tremble as the water shakes, grows, and swirls upward. Drowning the snakes and sucking them deep into the water. Thus began an erosion of dirt and rocks which rose higher than anyone could imagine, they became mountains. As the mountains grew the petals on the flower began to fall. They hit the water and began to grow grass, flowers, trees, and all other sorts of nature. Then in the distance; tall standing creatures began to walk out of the water. They all looked around confused.

Suddenly one of them chanted, “He was magical, and shall forever be praised, for he has given us land and all the flowers we can eat.”

As the creatures established all that has been given upon them, they decide to give their new land a name; India. They praise the cow for his bravery and from there on forth believe that the harm of a cow shall never become again. Thus creating a statue in his honor and a garden full of his bright yellow flower.

–END–

