How in the wildest of dream?? -The evolution

Photo credit: 

 from 

A rare happening in Chennai, the overcast weather. Balu rode back from his school where he was teaching biology, in his blue Pulsar braving the strong gust of dusty winds which clearly was a harbinger of a mighty shower . He was quick to figure out that he had to take the shortest path possible in order to reach home without involving a dirt bike terrain ,which is sure to form after even a short stint of heavy rains.

As soon as he reaches his home, ABL apartments, there was a huge crowd within a few feet from the gate. Almost everybody from the six-house apartment had gathered there. “What is this about, thought Balu, has somebody died.”

Balu inched closer stopping his vehicle outside the apartment, the gust now had turned into drizzle, intensifying drizzles Just as balu was about to take a closer look into what was happening.

“Hello balu saar”, greeted a middle aged man , wearing his lungi(dhoti) and a vest with a towel covering his neck,one of the flat occupant.

“Is that a tortoise?”

 “aah..no Balu sir it seems to have wings..doesn’t it.”

Balu shook his head slowly looking deeply into that creature amidst of curious teens and women taking photographs fervently. The crowd soon came to consciousness of Balu’s presence.

“Hey Balu , biology teacher na, tells us what this is”, asked an old lady probably in her early sixties.

Balu showed shock and awe whereas the other members of the apartment and also the neighboring apartments who had gathered knowing the information showed just intense fascination. No fear indeed.

“This is uh..”, started Balu, with bewilderment growing within him , he knew this wasn’t normal.

There was a thunderous sound which brought down the heavy downpours to which the whole crowd dispersed immediately without waiting for Balu’s response, talking animatedly about the creature they have just seen.

The lungi clad man and Balu were the only people now standing in that heavy downpour.

“Is everything alright saar”.

“Yah,but could you help me carry this to my apartment”.

“Sure saar, but only if you promise me to tell what that is, so that i could speak to media if they come asking about some missing zoo animal.”

“i hope i could”

Balu and the lungi man took it by the shell ,.Balu felt the hard shell of tortoise with a slippery covering parting in the middle. The openings of the legs were a bit big for a tortoise .The opening of the head was quite small and too dark inside to see. It was heavy. Tortoises are heavy usually, but Balu thought this may not be a tortoise . The most peculiar part was the top layer of the shell which were like beetle wings..except for the color and size, it had partition in the middle and it seemed to slip out , only to be held together by a small conjoining in the head part of the shell.

“Saar, its heavy ,and also quite slippery na”.

“Yes ,uncle.it is ”

“But, what do you think this wi..”

Before he could finish that sentence the wings started to flap revealing much more sub layers which made it fly. The legs came out , but it want like any other tortoises leg or for that matter turtles with the head part still missing or yet to come a hellish squeak resonated the whole building amidst the rain.

The head part slowly emerged.

Thank goodness it was a tortoise,thought balu,a flying tortoise was acceptable even though scary.

“Saar”,said the paralyzed lungi manas the head of a komodo dragon emerged on his side which was misinterpreted as a tortoise head by Balu , making it the flying monster of anybodies nightmare. Slithering it tongue menacingly,with reddened eyes and revenge filled demeanor , it hovered closer towards the lungi man. He was far more than startled to come out of the paralysis and run away, as Balu with his back to the wall sticking tightly to it also unable to move , saw the events unfolding.

 …………………………..

NATIONAL ZOOLOGICAL INSTITUTE,SOMEWHERE NEAR NEW DELHI,

“Sir this is completely ridiculous”

 “Which is ridiculous?”

“That flying Komodo dragon with a shell,the media has named that allegations as” ,chuckles the national zoological institute student.

“Are you sure ,you find this rdiculous”.

“Dont you find a “flying’ Komodo dragon murdering people in Chennai insane??”the cadet looked shockingly at the man who was his mentor and one of the most respected professors at the zoology institute.

The mentor soon takes the hands of the student and takes him to one of the institutes premier vault and confidential one,after going through several points of security and answering why he had this student with him, with several answers which were completely irrelevant to one other. The student now was more thrilled about being inside that place rather than the professors behavior or the flying Komodo tales itself.

“This my son, is one the zoology’s most revered place”,exclaimed the professor,”you could start war with the information inside”.

the awe filled look was cut short and the cadet was now into the professors description

“As of now naturally or artificially,the war has started.”

 “But i don’t comprehend”

 “More like a zoological war but much more twisted”

Seeing the puzzled expression of the cadet ,the professor takes him to a deeper vault which had even more automated security procedure.

“Here we are”,said the mentor opening his arms.

They were standing in between several racks of files and cabinets through which the professor was guiding the intern. at last he stopped before the cabinet marked R 772.he takes out a bunch of papers and ruffles through it to hand out a single sheet with a diagram to the intern.

“Now this is ridiculous indeed”.

The intern with the sheet in his hands now felt nauseas, he saw the anatomical description with the diagram of extreme evolution species , depicting the FLYING KOMODO.

THE WAR HAS STARTED FOR TOTAL DOMINATION OF FOOD CHAIN

 HOMOSAPIENS BEWARE

__END__

