Fiction Short Story – TRUE BEAUTY

Photo credit: 

 from 

I believe in this world everyone has a gift received by nature and who knows how to use that gift knows the art of survival. Have you ever think about the art of survival? Survival is the color of hope, it means the right direction of love. You must be thinking why am I talking to you about the survival. Its really hilarious to think now after what happened in that place where I lived for 1 year.

Are you really listening Ramsay? Yes I am hearing tell me more where were you since 1 year? Ramsay, I was in the unknown place and that place is really unforgettable. That place changed my meaning of life and its survival. This is my story, the story that I want you to listen because you are the editor so you can write it and convey it to the masses. I understood the meaning of love and the feelings that I experienced in that place will never be forgotten. OK Santiago, go on.

One year ago I was at my home sleeping and I was watching a dream of old woman who used to disappear people and she used to take sign of each individual. No one knows where that individual goes after signing on the register she had. I was roaming on the street randomly then suddenly I had seen the small house and there were no staircase in that house so I decided to enter in that house.

One old woman saw me and said “I was waiting for you”. The old woman was sitting on the roof and the roof was very close to the entrance so she grabbed me forcefully and pulled me up, she asked me to sign on the register. I saw in her register, year 1975 was mentioned and someone had signed there already. So I tried to run away but the ray of light coming from the old woman didn’t let me go and I signed there.

She said to me in my ears ” I disappear people from here and I hope you enjoy your journey”.

Suddenly, I was disappeared and I was in the unknown place named “TRUE BEAUTY”. There everything was really beautiful and every worry and doubts were disappeared. There light never faded and dark never comes. You know we sleeps at night so there I never got tired and didn’t slept throughout 1 year. I experienced the positivism and I had no negative feelings there and when I was there, I felt lot of love in my heart and I didn’t felt loneliness though I was alone there. I needed no one there.

You see that place was really beautiful and every second I felt the feeling of beauty. That place made me feel whats the real power of gift in the beauty. I will now use the gift of beauty that I felt there and that is the real art of survival.

–END–

