It was late afternoon.

Ronald Rump , the President of The Great American Political Company , was having discussion with two C. I. A. officers. His company was operating since after the World War II and was collecting ‘ political information ‘ from around the globe and selling it to U.S.A. He was President of the company since last 15 years.

Presently , the meeting was on , on the lawn of Light House , the official residence of Ronald Rump , as well as his company’s headquarter. The security men were guarding from some distance .

Ronald had received a threat from Islamic State of Syria and Iraq – ISIS for short . Threats of all kinds were regularly received by Ronald and his men or T. G. A.P. C. from around the globe at irregular intervals . Mostly , they were from some secret groups in communist countries or Mexico or Islamic fundamentalists . Most of them were received by posts or telephones but of late they were by emails and fax. It was not that Ronald or his men never cared for these threats . In fact , they had a separate department to deal with such threats . An annual budget of 10 million dollars was also earmarked for that.

A couple of attempts were made on Ronald himself in last two years . One was at Singapore airport where Ronald had been on his K – mission , K was for South Korea. Gun fire shots were aimed at him but his bulletproof jacket had saved him. His two body guards had also diverted the shots away by throwing a brief case and a wallet at the shooter’s firing hand ! Timely interruption.

The second attempt , three months back was at Karachi airport by a Muslim jihadi with a dagger . Ronald himself had overpowered the attacker , while his bodyguards were alert among the spectators . Both the times, Ronald and his bodyguards had different names and passports .

But this threat was serious . ISIS had suspected that T. G. A. P. C. was responsible for the latest Tomhawk attacks in Syria in April 2017 , as it had provided the intelligence about the strike locations to the C.I.A. The threat mentioned chemical attack specifically.

Meeting over , Ronald and the C.I.A. officers rose . One officer excused himself . He wanted to use the urinal but it was at the farther end of the lawn.

‘ Come with me. ‘ Ronald told him adding, ‘ use the visitors’ . ‘ And he led him .

As they were walking towards the Lighthouse entrance door – the other officer following them, Ronald heard a little buzz. It sounded typical . He waved instinctively and soon it moved away .

Ronald stopped . He called a nearby security man signalling and saying , ‘ hey , come here . ‘

‘ Yes sir . ‘ The man came running .

‘ There’s a fly or something nearby . Find it out . ‘ saying this he moved on with the C.I.A. officers.

Both entered .The other officer waited outside .

The inside officer reached Gents while Ronald headed for his study .

When the officer had finished urination , Peter – the first duplicate of Ronald emerged and joined him . ‘ C’m on. ‘ he said.

They came out and joined the officer waiting there. None of the two C. I. A. officers suspected anything.

All the three went towards the main gate of the Lighthouse . Peter saw them off in their car . Eighty steps , he counted .

As Peter was returning , he felt a quick little sting on his right hand .

‘ Shit , the fly . ‘ He moved his left hand over there and rubbed a little , while walking .

And suddenly , he fell down while he was just four steps away from the entrance .

Four security personnel came running to him . Others became more alert .

Peter died within few seconds , stating , ‘ the fly . ‘ His eyes had become all white and body had turned blue . Little foam had gathered near his nostrils and lips.

The two C.I.A. officers came rushing back. ‘ A chemical attack is about to occur . ‘ They both shouted excitedly . But as they saw Peter lying dead , they started searching in the lawn while one of them flashed a message to their headquarter , ‘ Ronald Rump , the President of T.G.A.P.C. is dead . ‘

Ronald Rump was receiving information in his study , ‘ Mohmed Yasin, a Syrian scientist had been to India in disguise , to learn about the snake – poisons . After return he has devised a one centimetre drone fitted with a micro camera and a strongly poisonous sting . It looks like a fly which buzzes slightly and can be remotely operated . One Ilyas Ahmed has reached U.S.A. with the device . ‘

Necessary instructions were being flashed to all the concerned.

Ronald came out . By then, the C.B.I. officers had found out the fly – the tiny drone , lying dead nearby in the lawn.

Peter was discreetly cremated. No news, nothing .

Search was on for Ilyas Ahmed in whole of America and that way the world over !

–END–

Ambalal Chauhan

