Fiction Short Story – Out Of This World: AN ENCOUNTER WITH ALIENS

Photo credit: 

 from 

Late at night I woke up by a sudden sound. I felt very drowsy and tried to sleep, but the sound didn’t let me sleep. Then finally I got up to see what was that sound and where did it came from. I went to the backyard of my house. I saw a very bright light in the sky going towards the woods nearby. I felt anxious and decided to see what it is. I took my cycle and started following the light and minutes later I was in front of a huge spaceship.

I was amazed. When I touched it, a wave pushed me aside. I felt as if my whole body was paralyzed. I could not move my body but I could still see. I saw a human……..no a monster……or both!!! Then I fainted. When I woke up I was in a cage. I also saw other men and women also in nearby cages but they were fainted or dead. I examined the cage and found a small window covered by dust. I cleared the dust and saw through it. I saw space!

I also saw earth slowly getting smaller as I moved away from it. I was confused that how did I get here but suddenly a strange creature caught my attention. He was shaped like a devil and was examining each cage. Suddenly he appeared in front of my cage. He said something like this ” Zoom zappa zew zhumu zam zeus. ” I didn’t understood it but then a loud sound almost pierced my ears. It said ” Hello new human. We are the Grays. ”

This was surely the translation of the words which the creature said. The creature was surely not an earthling. He was probably an alien!!! I was terrified of what the alien might do to me. I have read enough books about aliens so I knew that I was been abducted by an alien and I am going to be an alien experiment. I was hopeless. But then I heard a loud crash. The spaceship was falling back. I heard a rush coming. I also heard the sounds of shooting. I was confused.

Another type of creatures appeared. They looked like humans but had bright eyes and glowing chests and weird hands. They were also aliens. They broke my cage and picked me up. I revolted but my power was nothing against the alien’s. He put me down near the half opened gate of the falling spaceship. He gave me a locket and said(in English!) ” Wear the locket and jump or you will die.” I wore the locket but was unwilling to jump. I did not believe in him and the spaceship was falling rapidly on earth through the atmosphere. But the alien pushed me.

I started falling on earth piercing the atmosphere. I couldn’t breathe and soon fainted. When I woke up it was morning and I was lying in my bed with my mother and some neighbors talking to the local police. My mom told me that the police saw a bright light in the woods and went to investigate but found me lying on the ground instead. The police asked that what was I doing there. I told them everything I saw. Then they went back I don’t think they believed me.

After sometime I remembered about the locket that the alien gave me. To my amazement it was still in my neck. The locked saved me. The alien who gave it to me was good. The close encounter with aliens was really awesome!!!

–END–

