The super animal warriors (part one)

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Once upon a time, far away in the future, there was a genetic research lab in California. They used different DNAs to make different creature and tested their behavior, eating habits, etc. one day, DR. Grim Fredrick, chief scientist of the laboratory, made a formula of genetic mixtures of animals and insects that can be safely tested on humans.

He told every other scientist in the laboratory, but no one believed and made a fun out of him. The association of scientists also said that it can be very dangerous for a human to test that formula. DR. Grim got furious and tested that formula on himself.

Nothing much difference came after that experiment on him. But after a few hours, he suddenly turned into an ugly monster which was a mixture of lion, tiger, snake and ant. He ran towards the mainframe computer room, took the master computer and ran on his private jet to his private island. Soon his island was vanished. The scientists thought that as he turned into a monster, any other person can also turn into a monster like him. So they decided that DR. Jake will take it to his home to keep it safe until the research team finds a safe way to destroy it. DR. Jake took it to his home and hid it inside his fridge. His wife was pregnant that time.

The next day, his pregnant wife came from morning walk with her four pregnant friends. It was her turn that day for the tea party. She went to the kitchen and kept a kettle full of water on the stove when she was searching for the tea bags she saw that there were no tea bags in the kitchen. She searched every shelf and cupboard in the kitchen but there were no tea bags. She thought that if no tea could be given then she could give fruit juice to her friends. When she opened the fridge to take out the fruits, she saw the bottle filled with the genetic formula.

She told to herself’ readymade fruit juice, good, now I can give it to my friends.’ So she poured the formula in five glasses and went to the living room.

‘Have the fruit juice’ she said.

When she and her friends took a sip, they all spit it out.’ What type of fruit juice it is!’ they all exclaimed.

’I don’t know, maybe I brought something wrong, sorry.’ She said.

But it was too late. Few drops of the formula went to all of their baby’s stomach. It was the birth of five new super heroes. But as it was given to them before their birth, it would take few years to activate the genetic powers. As their genetic codes changed with time, far away in his private island, Dr.grim was testing his genetic changes and also his new superpowers. His first power was sonic roar which can even destroy a mountain. His second power was that he could hear almost anything in the radius of 1 kilometer like a tiger. His third power was venom blast with which he could instantly kill its target. His fourth power was that he could carry weights up to four times of his own weight like an ant.

He was very strong, but he would need a super villain name and also many gadgets so that he could become a real super villain. So he started building equipments with spare parts in his island. Years passed by, the villain was emerging strong, so the heroes. The heroes were twelve years old. It was the time for their powers to become active. The five children were Sam, Alex, Jake, john and Miranda. As they grew they became good friends.

One day when Alex was going to school by mistake he stepped on the tail of a stray dog, the dog ran after him, Alex was scared, he ran at top speed, the dog was about to catch him but suddenly his speed increased magnificently. He almost broke the sound barrier, he was out of control he was running very fast and then suddenly he crashed at his school. He was amazed and confused that what had happened to him, he went to his class quietly. He was a topper and always came to school at time; he was also good at sports. Alex came inside the classroom and sat in his bench. His friend Sam came in.

‘hello Sam’ greeted Alex

‘hello Alex’ replied Sam.

‘Heh Sam I have something really extraordinary news. Something extraordinary happened to me when I was coming to school’

‘what extraordinary happened to you Alex?’ questioned Jake.

‘Heh Jake we were just talking about the strange thing happened to Alex when he was coming to school’ replied Sam.

‘So friends the strange thing is that when I was coming to school, mistakenly I stepped on the tail of a stray dog, the dog ran after me. I ran to save my life, suddenly, my speed increased magnificently. I lost control over my limbs and almost broke the sound barrier.’

‘What joke are you telling, this can’t happen, this is impossible’ exclaimed Sam.

‘What is impossible?’ questioned john.

‘Nothing much. Don’t disturb us……. Ok…ok… I was just joking I will tell everything about it but let Miranda come, I will tell everything after everyone is here’ replied Alex. Then after a few minutes Miranda entered the classroom.

‘Heh guys.’ Said Miranda.

‘Thank god Miranda you are here. This idiot was not ready to tell anything before you came here. Now he will tell us that what strange thing happened to him’ said john.

‘What strange thing?’ questioned Miranda

‘ok ok I am telling you, don’t ask me a thousand questions’ said Alex.

‘Ok we won’t. Now tell’ said john.

‘ok guys, so the thing is that, when I was coming to school, mistakenly I stepped on the tail of a stray dog, the dog ran after me and I ran to save my life. Then suddenly, my speed increased magnificently and I almost lost control over my legs. My speed was so great that I almost broke the sound barrier and reached school within a few seconds’ said Alex.

‘This can’t happen.’ Exclaimed john.

’ yes this really can’t happen’ added Miranda.

’ believe me guys that really happened’ said Alex.

Before they could continue their conversation their class teacher Mr. Fred Wilber entered the class. ‘OPEN YOUR HISTORY BOOKS!’ he shouted at the top his voice.

Everyone ran to their benches and took out their history books. The classes went on. After the first four classes were over, it was the break time. The five friends went to the canteen to buy their food. When they entered the canteen, they saw that two bullies Mac and schez were bullying few students and taking their money and Tiffin. So they quietly went to the food counter, took their food, paid the money and then they quietly tried to go to their benches without letting Mac or schez knowing about it.

But as they sat on their benches, Mac saw them.’ let’s see what’s in the menu now’ Mac said.

Mac and schez ran towards them and caught Sam. Mac caught Sam by his collar and lifted him up.’ give me your Tiffin and money and GET OUT OF HERE!’ shouted Mac.

‘Please Mac leave my collar.’ Requested Sam.

’ NO NO No, I won’t let you go’ replied Mac.

‘Please Mac leave my collar Mac. I am Warning you.’ Said Sam angrily.

‘Okay okay I think this baby in the diaper is getting angry, huh?’ said Mac and snatched Sam’s Tiffin and threw Sam.

Sam got hurt. He got angry’ ‘so you ASKED FOR IT!’ shouted Sam and ran towards Mac took back his Tiffin and punched Mac so hardly that he flew far away to the other end of the school.

’ what did you do Sam, maybe you broke Mac’s few bones’ said Miranda.

They ate their Tiffin quickly and ran towards their class and acted as they knew nothing. After the school was over, the five friends went to a park nearby and started to talk about the strange things happening to them.

‘ I think any alien thingy type of things are doing this’ said john.

‘ what thingy thingy you are doing, it is happening because of radioactive radiations which are all over the world’ said Alex.

‘Why you guys are worrying so much? And Alex why you always start you scientific talks every time we talk?’ said Miranda.

‘Okay okay I won’t.’ said Alex.

‘Stop talking about any other topic and be serious’ said john.

While their conversation was going on, a thief silently stole Miranda’s purse and ran away.

‘Get back you thief’ shouted Jake.

They ran after the thief when suddenly Miranda saw a cockroach and jumped high. ‘WHAT IS HAPPENING.I AM FLYING’ shouted Miranda while flying high in the sky.

When Jake saw it he thought that if he would also try to fly he can also fly so he tried and he also flew high in the sky. Jake shouted’ I DON’T KNOW WHY WE ARE FLYING BUT WE CAN TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS OPPORTUNITY. WE CAN FLY AND CATCH THE THIEF’ as Jake and Miranda flew high in the sky chasing the thief.

Suddenly Miranda, Jake, john, Alex and Sam were teleported to a big battleship flying high in the sky. ‘Welcome my future super heroes welcome’ said an old man standing in the front of them.

***

(continued in next episode)

 Thanks for reading

– written by Sukalyan Roy

