Fiction Story – The beautiful girl on a stormy night

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was a beautiful shapely girl in early twenties and full of sweet love. She was driving her shiny black Toyota expertly.

She saw that the car wipers are struck. She could not see anything in the front of her. The rain was getting stronger and forceful. What started as small sprinkles was now turning into a shower and then it was falling as sheets of water on that stormy night.

Water already was standing on the road, in a flash the roads were fully covered under water, flooding everything in front of her.

She slowed the car; her car was the only car on the road in that sparsely populated neighborhood. She thought she should not have ventured out. She was out of milk, and it was just a 20 minutes ride to the grocery. She was aware of heavy rain but never expected it would be so hard. She switched on the head lights and was inching ahead in the water.

Then the power went out, it was pitch dark, no street lights, some of the houses which had the front lights on, also went dark.

She thought she should park the car somewhere. She looked for a place to park until the rain slows down. No such luck. That road ran straight and she could not find any place to park.

Then she saw this big yard to her right. “I will park the car here.” She thought, She turned the car into the yard and put on the breaks and left the car’s front lights on.

She squinted her curvaceous, sultry bespectacled eyes to look at the house. It was a big bungalow with tall mature oak trees and the outside was unkempt with broken stairs, rusty rails and pillars with gray paint chipped off and the front window was opened ajar and the blinds were half closed.

She tried hard to peek into the house through her soda glasses, car windshield, and heavy falling layers of rain. It was hazy, but she could see the distorted images in some sort of blue light inside the house through the partially closed blinds.

Inside at the head of the table sat what looked like the big chief. Gigantic heavy square body and the rectangular head capped with a big feathery crown. On both the sides sat smaller figures with similar shapes but smaller bodies and crowns. She could not see any hands or any kind of limbs on their sides.

She peered hard to look at the faces. All she could see was a gaping hollow opening in the middle of the upper rectangle. She saw that the opening was periodically opening and closing, whenever the big figures’ opening closed, both the small figures’ opened.

This went on for few minutes. It looked like they were chatting or arguing or whatever.

Then she saw suddenly the big figure expand and drooped forward on that humongous table and she could see that the smaller figures too started expanding proportionately. Then she could see that both of them were being pulled towards the big figure in an attempt to suck them inside.

She thought both will be assimilated into the big one, irrespective of strong struggle the small ones were putting on. She held her sweet scented breath!

Then she saw the most amazing and cleverest thing. She saw the other way round happening. The big figure was being pulled by the other two and in a flash, was torn into two and disappeared into two small figures.

She saw that the rain has stopped. She started the engine, backed the car and pulled off the driveway praising the power of unity and collective strength and hazily remembered, yawning with her voluptuous mouth and rubbing her eyes, out of slumber, that she saw her boss somewhere and she could not remember where. And her name was Miss. Bulwery Lyttonny.

__END__

