Fiction Short Story – Removed From Earth

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

We are at war. Everybody is struggling to get some foods to fill in out empty stomach. I was alone shivering at the sidewalks of the Meina’s street. It was a terrible feeling when you cannot stand and fight to have a slice of bread or even a drop of water from the splashing water faucet two blocks from where i am lying. All of them are running except me.

I can only slowly turn my head side by side if there is anyone coming to get me. I was too weak to stand up . Everybody is running from all directions. I heard all the strumming of footsteps of all the people passing by me. I am hopeless. This is it? Am I dead?

I started to lose hope and close my eyes bit by bit as if staying awake is now impossible. My consciousness starts to weary and disappear. Fighting is not enough. I need help. Nobody knows me and nobody will help me. It’s the end. I saw the light in front of me and a shadow of a woman before I closed my eyes thoroughly. That is the last thing I remember when I was alive. That is the most pleasant feeling I could imagine from the past 37 days running. I am done. Goodbye.

I like this feeling, the warmth of the sun and the swift winds touching my dead skin on my nose. Then I saw again a shadow of someone coming from the main door. He slam and wrecked the door once…twice..then it stopped.

Me and my family was relieved. Fear is still in the air and we knew the “kurimao” have not left. Krista, my big sister stands up and walk towards the door . Slowly approaching to the door. Krista pick up our fathers swords for protection but it didn’t protect neither Myrna, Catalina and my mother. I was the lone survivor of the attacked.

I watched the kurimao eating the flesh and drinking the bloods of every family member as I watched them behind the old mirror. I can only cry. Cry quietly. I cannot do anything to protect myself or fight with my family. I am weak.

The day after the attacked I wonder around the city. No direction. No purpose. All I want to do is run away and never look back. I cannot stand to see the corpses of my family. It was devastating. The blood stains on my body from my sisters last word before I left are “Run.. run..live..stay alive..FIGHT.”

I honestly don’t understand. I just run and run until my body collapsed, dehydrated, hungry. Until I reached Meinas street. I collapsed and rescued by the shadow woman. All I knew is I survived and woke up in a medical facility.

I am Maryknoll Lisana, 6 years old, a lone survivor of the Lisana clan. My family is slaughtered by Kurimao. An orphan. I am survivor and saved by this unknown woman.

***

