Fiction Short Story – The day I met my Destiny- Chapter 1

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Have you always heard of Destiny? I have. I am living a destiny right as we speak! I am a 16 year old student who is too popular at school. Well, that was till I met a few people who changed that.

My name is Brad. Brad Donbosco. I live a simple life in a simple school and a bunch’a friends who stick with me wherever I go. I am liked by all the girls in the school and as I walk across the hallway, they scream and fan-girl at me! I was that a popular kid! Things changed! I never knew what was awaiting me, but it wasn’t good!They came. My Destiny knocked at the doorstep.

As I opened the door, I saw a group, who didn’t look human. The looked more like dolls who were transformed into anime characters on arriving at our planet (that is exactly what had happened)! I was shocked. I couldn’t believe my eyes! Without another word, I brought them in. I looked the door shut behind them and was looking at them with a bewildered look!

“What in the world is going on!”I screamed. They didn’t answer, until one of a bright looking man stepped up and spoke out a few words I can never forget.

“We might have to stay with you for a while my friend! We are in deep trouble” he exclaimed.

I couldn’t bear it any longer. I shouted”but what in the world can I do for you?”.

He gave a gentle smile and replied “You are our only hope. You are the only person who is going to help us! We cannot trust anyone else”.

“You can trust the local police, or the army or navy or whoever you want! Why me?”.

He hesitated for a while and then spoke up” We know you Brad!We know who you are! You might have forgotten us, but we will never forget you!!”.

I said “Whoa! Hold your horses there! I haven’t even met you! I don’t even know who you guys are! You are not even humans”.

He exclaimed with great frustration “Now is not the time to explain!! We are in danger and they are coming!!”.

I was frightened! “Coming!Who?Why? and for what?”

“They have arrived” were the last words he spoke. He stood up with his group and hid in my room!I didn’t know what was going on and at the same second of thinking, I heard a sound. A loud one. It was more like a crash! I saw them.

They were huge. Super Huge.

–END–

TO BE CONTINUED….

