Short Story Fiction – TIME TRAVEL IS DANGEROUS

Photo credit: 

 from 

The clock stuck 5:00 A.M before the alarm could ring I woke up and rushed towards window to open it as it was arrival time of my grandparents. No sooner did I open the window than my grandparents pressed the doorbell. I was absolutely delighted and break through the door.

As soon as my granny and grandpa arrived, I folded my arms in “

” and bowed my head

My grandparents were pretty close to me especially my grandpa who was like Doraemon for me who used to bring out never seen inventions. We used to conduct scientific experiments together whenever we meet and so this time I was desperate to complete our last experiment. I being an obstinate child convinced my parents, held my grandpa’s hand and made him enter my room.

Last time me and my grandpa worked on a project and now we were supposed to complete it. He gave me instructions based on what is to be done. I was surrounded by the chips and the silvery metal which was not even in periodic table. I didn’t know what we were making actually, I tried to ask manier times but the answer was same,”

“. He was seeing the procedure written on diary and used to say that it was diary of greatest scientist of 20th century “

“.

We worked day in and day out moving through the complications in between. One night when clock showed 3:00 A.M I heard my grandpa screaming “Eureka! Eureka!”. I jumped out of my bed and saw my grandfather with the silvery grey machine with a narrow door and enclosed roof. Soon my doubts vanished, When he told me that it was the “

” whose concept was brought out by Albert Einstein. I examined its interior and saw two round meters one stating the speed and other Number of year along with the big green button in midst of meters.

My grandpa was inside machine and I in excitement jumped on him to hug him but unexpectedly his hand touched the green button . He forcibly pushed me out of the machine and all of a sudden the door closed, machine began vibrating at immense pace and harsh sound made me close my ears. I tried to get up but machine disappeared.

After that my grandpa never came back and everybody chided my answers. Now I have something to repent for my actions and whenever I miss him, I remember his lines spoken in deep mellow voice for me:-

“Hey Champ you are created by God to work for Science. You will do something that will surprise everyone and I know you will definitely make me proud”

Someday I will definitely find my grandfather and solve the mystery of time travel.

But this time I know that time travel is 

.

–END–

