Fiction Short Story – Human

Photo credit: 

 from 

The robot rolled over to one of the capsules and glued a label onto it. HR 0006 was written on it. The room was crowded with similar standing capsules, every one of them containing people.

All around blue and violet light beams covered the great hall and only the life-support unit roared apart from the robot’s noise. The synthetic began to inspect and scan the capsule that he just identified a while ago, before going on with its work.The life functions were correct, but it noticed an unusual behavior of the subject. Sometimes he shook his head, mumbling something to himself. He was dreaming. The robot immediately tapped into his neural-system to check what’s wrong.

The man was walking in a meadow with a woman. They smiled at each other and were happy together. Once they arrived to a tree, they sat down on a blanket. They were looking at each other for long, then closed they closed their eyes and bound their lips together.

The robot has been found it as a phenomenon under specified protocol. The man saw a capsule, and front of him a robot looked at him with its dazzling red sensor. He saw that it pulled a cable off from the device and then felt his body slowly weakening. The interface showed that the vitals have stopped. The robot is immediately reported to its supervisor via the integrated network system about the waste product. Miserable man didn’t even know if he was alive or dreaming in those two minutes of existence.

The robot, having done a good job, tore off the label from the capsule and for rolled to the next. Learned from its own fault, it checked if everything was okay with the product. The man’s face was as the same as everyone else’s in the capsules. Life functions fine, no abnormalities. It took out a label – again HR 0006 was written on it – the line now could continue without interruption. The robot reported the condition of the product and then kept going in the dark depths of the dim neon-lit hall.

Still got plenty of work to do…

***

