Fiction Short Story – Dream for Future

Photo Credit: 

People were busy in their own laboratories in the Mars. Turtex told me “ let us go to the Earth to have a cup of coffee”.

I laughed for such a childish joke and I also jokingly asked him “ Is there no coffee shop in the Mars? ”

He replied “It has but they can’t prepare coffee as testy as that of the Earth”.

However, for a while I thought it would be better to take a cup of testy coffee from “Ramu’s Shop” located at our village, Kushmandi.

Turtex told me to enter a room adjacent to his Laboratory. We entered there and found that the room is internally coated with some sponge like materials. Turtex closed the door of the room with a clap. I saw some colourful buttons inside the room. After few seconds I hard another clap and noticed that the door opened.

Turtex told “Come with me”

 I asked “where ?”

 He replied “ Now we are at Kushmandi ”

 I shouted “ What! ”

 We came out of the room and I astonishingly viewing the sky-scrapers around me. Turtex loudly told “ What’s wrong with you ? come with me ”

 Eventually we entered a coffee club designed like a Five Star Restaurant. Suddenly I notice a display board scrolling an electronic text, “Welcome at Kushmandi . Now you are in famous Ramu’s Coffee shop. Enjoy the test of the best Coffee on the Earth”.

 Suddenly many hazy & crazy questions came to my mind viz.

 What was the adjacent room of the lab ?

 How was it possible to travel an enormous distance from the Mars to the Earth ? Is it like opening my favorite TV channel with a remote ?

 How the poor Coffee stall of our village turned into a Five Star Coffee Club ? .

 In which Century were we ?

 Thinking such hazy things I fainted and after a few moments I hard a hair cutting sound . I slowly opened my eyes and found that a Nurse is cutting my hairs and putting them into a tray beside my bed and telling me ”nothing happens , it needs just two stitches on your forehead and you will be OK within a week”

 I finally realized that I was in our village Hospital at Kushmandi.

-THE END-

