Short Story – A STRANGE DREAM I NEVER HAD IN MY LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was actually falling down from one of the skyscrapers i.e from the top of my college building . I was about to hit the ground in not more than 2 and a half second. My heartbeat has been increasing rapidly . I was in unconscious state.

I don’t know how I landed on an amazing colony which covered with full of huge and strange trees and plants which were scurrying on the mysterious mountains. Tiny creatures, colourful birds, giant unnatural animals on the bank of river joining the sea. Having journey into a colony named as ‘PARADISE’. Very strange houses covered with full of snow. Feeling the sense of shivering due to very cold breeze. Moon has hidden his face. The sky has been showing her teeth due to continuous noise from the growling of the clouds. Seeing very big, strange and complicated house screaming and crying for loneliness, making me overwhelmed. Able to float in the colony.

Silence is dancing all over the street . As I approached and opened the gates of it, walking straight along the trembling road covered with jelly snow. On seeing very huge door of it which opened automatically as I gazed into it. Reaching the very big hall fully covered by black, white clouds which had been drunk . Puzzling to see the house having no base and top, having infinite no of doors which were stalking all over the hall. Thinking for a while with nervous whether it was real or else dream .Feeling very hard to open my eyes see what is happening.

Opening the door no.1 with nervous. Hugging my close friend, having tears from both of our eyes on the annual day of my kindergarten school i.e Thy Birds school completing U.K.G. Being emotionally sad as it was the last day that we never met again till now.

On opening door no.7 everything was silent as I was about to kick by a very fast moving car. Thank god you saved me at 8 years old. On entering the door no.13 slapping a girl very hard for the first time in the 5

 class and seeing the tears in her beautiful eyes. Kicking the door no.24, getting very angry on my school principle due to punishment given misunderstanding by her and increasing my heart beat rapidly on seeing our school principle beating the students with long wet stick on the back side of fingers 10 times to whole 7

 class students including girls on before day of republic which took 11 days to recover from the pain.

Throwing door no.32 seeing tears in the eyes of my best friend with holding my hands saying me that she will miss me a lot on the last day of school. While repairing the door no.56 seeing very beautiful girl looks almost like angel on the exam hall in intermediate and proposing that day itself.

As I approached a very different and strange kind of door which was locked to open. How fortunate to have a key in my pocket, forced to open it and seeing that room was completely dark. Slightly I recover from unconsciousness .at 1/4

 of a second to hit the ground and die. I saw a mesmerizing light coming from back . Last 1/8

 of a second to die. Someone put his hands on my shoulders and saying that “I won’t make you die for silly reasons”.

I was about to see him (lord) turning back. At the same time, I heard a noise or buzzing sound coming repeatedly calling me “vidyasagar….. Vidyasagar…. ar….ar..ar…” knocking the doors hardly. As I opened my eyes, he was warden sir said that “time is 9:37 am, everyone left the hostel”.

I came down from my bed ,jumping on the stairs with my bag and went out and standing on the entrance gate, saying goodbye to my college and hostel ,having spent 2 years miserable jail life in intermediate.

–END–

By—–vidyasagar

