A burst of pain in the heart of Qi Wei from the coma pulled back to reality, she groaned to touch the injured hand, but now his hands motionless. Another huge pain came, this time she completely awake. A nightmare fat face slowly clear in front of us, that face is so close, you can even see the pores on the nose.

Qiwei screamed loudly screaming, instinctive want to jump up to escape, his hands can not move in the back, about lost balance, and heavy fell on the table. Buttocks another huge pain, this time she almost fainted.

“Beauties, do not be so scared, and the night is long.” The close-faced fat face showed a toad’s expression.

Qi Wei slightly calm down and observed his own situation. The room was large, hanging on the ceiling of a dozen candles on the chandelier lit the room brightly lit. The furniture in the room is still brand new, and at a glance, it can be seen that it is made of poor wood, with a magnificent view of the golden wall. The owner’s taste can be imagined. However, more than Wei want to worry about myself, she quickly now his hands were firmly tied behind, prone on a large experimental table.

Fat man holding a small pliers in his hand, holding a crossbow arrow stained with blood, looked carefully in front of them, they threw aside, hand gently provoked Qiwei’s chin, “Haha, looks really good Ah, now how fierce? Hit me ah? Do not say that you have to be rude point right cool? Big beauty, I shoot this arrow really is the place, it seems a genius Archer ah. ”

The female warrior squeal, a hand ruthlessly bite into the hands of Rogge. Rogge closed his hand, another grabbed her head, pulled up hard. Qi Wei face painful look, the whole upper body was pulled up and up, the curve of the chest revealed.

Rogge’s hand touched, so Qi Wei feel like a cold snake crawling in the body, but was caught, struggling is also limited, the tears finally stop flowing eyes closed down. Qiwei Biluoge but also tall half a head, armor and breastplate has been in a coma was Roger off, huge busty hips naked, suddenly thrilling thin waist down, legs long and straight, lines Bodybuilding. Let Roger see the desire to rise, holding down the buttocks of a female warrior. He was so hard, fingers are deeply into the greasy rump, followed by a waist, they deeply into that soft.

Small candlelight swaying in the hoarse curse of female warriors, poor experimental table “creak Ya Ya,” moaning, can not stand the heavy burden of two people. The devil in the fire dance, the resentment who are hysterical howl.

Rogge trembled, tide-like pleasure mixed with the pleasure of revenge, so that every piece of his fat are trembling. The deepest darkness in my heart is boiling, constantly impacting on each of his nerves.

Early spring night is still cold, when the wind blows, unopened spring flowers have dying.

Qu Songren scattered.

Roger proudly hummed the song, looking at the white lamb captured by himself, the body aches seem to be singing. Not long ago, this lamb was still a real lion. Roger put on his clothes and decided to look for them to take a look at their prey. The only way to make him unpleasant is the eyes of Qi Wei. Completely cold, not sad, there is no anger, nor is it empty, just looking at the fat cold. Rogge feels like a frog on a snake, and he does not like it. Also added to Qi Wei a rope, naturally touched a few more. Qi Wei no response, just as being touched is not their own body, or as a snake quietly watching fat.

Rogge’s hurry to leave, almost can be said to escape this murderous gaze. Of course, the best way is to kill, but Rogge also did not have the courage. To say that such a big beauty to kill it is a pity.

A few people excitedly came to the small building. Small building just as a storm has been smashed mess things. Few people heart bad, rushed to the second floor of a look, spacious experiment table has been empty, used to bundle the rope broken into paragraphs. Kate picked up the broken end of the rope and looked back and said: “It’s hard to be broken, God! The rope is so thick that it can be broken. Is she caught by you?” Rogge remembered the woman warrior Body flashing grudge, suddenly out of a cold sweat.

Aite oldest, more experienced, the first calm down. “Do not be afraid of each other, the other party does not know who we are, but you see this small building is no longer allowed to stay.” We slowly calmed down. As soon as the panic passed, Raymond rejoiced again and feared they would come to set fire to the building. ”

“Do not do this, two endlessly! Now it’s impossible to think of good things, and only first strike.” Time is running out, let’s total, give them the next set, as long as they dared to burning floor, let him discuss Not good to go. Forgive these mercenaries also can not play any tricks to come.

The people counted for a while, eliminating the traces of coming, leaving quickly.

On the trail, Roger and a few aristocrats dressed up to the small building, whispered all the way, shouting aloud, when they saw it, they were talking about the common topic of men.

A few people came to stand before the small building down. One person next to Roger suddenly said: “No, someone went in. There is ambush.” At this time the boom, the door fragments scattered, a sword of light cut to Roger, the sword did not, murderous has been the first cover Roger whole body. Fat, such as falling ice cave, watched giant blade Janus approaching, it is unable to move. Suddenly both sides of the two long arms stretched over to stand the great sword, leveraging the giant sword gently bounced, suddenly became extremely light, quick and unassailable to Rogge even barbed. The two long swords weave into a siphon sword net, all the attacks will be blocked off all, apparently both of them sword is not a mediocre.

Blast-like attack passed, the light disappeared Jianwei, Wei Wei gasped, holding a sword pointing to Rogge. Her face pale, wearing a suit of armor casually, his eyes full of bloodshot eyes, but also vaguely visible neck streaks.

House and saved three shadows, several people around Rogge greet them up, fighting together, impressively that day bar in the three soldiers. Only that Master has not seen the disappeared.

Not far away at this time a loud shout: “bold rebellion, dare to attack the city of Weijin Wang!” Clang sound Department, a small team of bright armor stabbed a knight in the armor under the leadership of a heavily rushed, Xun The small building around it. And a few people Qiwei tearful people are also torn to robes, revealing the inside with the city guard marks the soft armor. Rogge quickly retreated to the side, Aet et al. Also came over, Yin smiled and looked at the female warrior.

Heavy armor without saying a word, riding a gun forward, the soldiers flocked immediately, the sword and sword are ghosts to say hello. Mercenaries know that fell into the trap, say hello, while a red one, then immediately turned back into the building, and soldiers opened a distance. The second floor of the small building whistle, fly a big bowl of fireball, exploded in the swordsman group. Heat flow ruthless burning swordsmen exposed skin. Followed by the second fireball and flew down, a few seriously injured swordsman immediately became a fire, screamed and fell down.

Mercenary wizard appeared on the second floor of the window figure, deep frost along with countless ice cone from his hands scattered, a few dumb swordsman was immediately iced up, and then hit the cold, of which physical Slightly broken snapped into pieces. Close formation formation immediately appeared a gap, Qi Wei, who seize the opportunity immediately out of the siege. A tall warrior backhand throws a rope to the window, wrapping around the mage. Master jumped out from the window, the soldier forced a pull, seeing Master will be floating in the air prominent surrounded.

Heavy Armor Knight shouted, dark blue body flash, the hands of a shooting star in the meteor, wearing chest into the prison firmly nailed to the wall.

Qi Wei cry, anti-body will be desperate. A warrior around her pulled her tightly, one carried her on her shoulders and quickly left. Another soldier chanted a brief start-up spell, threw a scroll, and the ground suddenly sprouted with many vine plants, and the branches flew wildly in the air and hit tightly with objects. Several chasing fast swordsman immediately was tightly wrapped up. Mercenaries took this opportunity to disappear into the slums.

Roger lost his way looking at the disappearance of the female warrior, knowing that she would never give up.

Heavy armor looked heavy forgotten men, Lengheng soon. Kate walked over and whispered to the knight: “Daddy, what to do now.” The knight kept silent and sighed: “Your troubles are still behind.” He recruited a swordsman and whispered Some time, that swordsman was ordered to go. Knight and Kate looked at a few people, shouted: “You also want to learn others rampant? First skill to practice say!”

Too few hours, the Rhine city gates all come a team of knights, put a reward list posts in the bulletin board: “Wanted: Sword and Blood Rose mercenary group.

The mercenary group schemed rebellion in the king, killing many people after the defeat of the City Defense Forces. At present, the sister of the head of the mercenary delegation, Qi Wei, and three key members are fleeing. Thirty mercenaries general mercenary fled.

Capture or kill one of the main members of a reward gold mercenary mercenary reporter reward one half. ”

–END–

