The horizon of the distance is black endless vanity. The sky is always a cloudy gray, like the darkest of the dusk. The sky of gray rolling constantly, but do not see the cloud is fog.

There is no day or night here, no time.

Forests, forests have lost all their life long ago hundreds of millions of years ago. Towering trees leaving only the body and thicker branches. There are strands of cobwebs hanging on the tree, but it can not be a cobweb. No spider can survive here.

Muddy mud was scattered all over the ground, with one or two bubbles in the gray mud from time to time. I do not know what kind of creatures skeleton occasionally float up, spin and mud swallowed.

Wind with a cold breath, always a stench of blowing.

Here is the paradox, the souls and the devil’s paradise.

Fir Months do not know how long this forest has gone. It can not remember where it came from, just remember that creature called “Rogge” to give themselves the name. Feast on their own name instinct to vomit, do not know where it came from. As spit, so familiar ah, but how can not remember how to vomit. Of course, the skeleton can spit out something.

Dusky sky speckled fell on the ground and the moon on the body. It just wanted to get out of this forest and did not know why it was going out. This is instinct it.

Fir moon from time to time to feel the slightest energy from that called “Rogge” who passed over. Firmament also know that they can not refuse Rogge’s order. There are too many things in this world that I can not understand. But this energy makes it comfortable, more powerful, but too little, like the helpless traveler in the desert waiting for a drop of water that I do not know when to drop.

Fate very hungry.

Carrying a rusty long knife, romantic aimless wandering in the forest, have forgotten where this knife is found. It is very careful to avoid some of the places, intuition tells its existence there is powerful and evil. It is very clever, in the face of the same skull and always think of some ways to overthrow them cleverly, because they are equipped with a thirst for energy.

Have forgotten what day, the romantic months to find a few good texture of the bones, a while after the fog, these bones have made up their own 24 ribs. Temps feel their ribs should be 2 times repair exhausted the energy of the moon, or not, “Rogge” there some time came some energy, the moon does not know can not face the first encounter zombies.

Fight for a long time. The strength of the zombies is not the feng shui can contend, pay the cost of three ribs after the moon finally realized that zombies can not catch up with their own. So a skeleton began around the zombie non-stop circle, from time to time up a knife, cut off some carrion. Finally zombies fell, the moon’s ribs less than 20.

Other skeletons and zombies in the outside world seem to meet each other when they meet each other, the romantic months do not understand why they are as long as they see a single, they will be destroyed anyway. “I’m hungry.” The skeleton thought.

There is no time in the outside world, romantic months are constantly wandering. It does not know how long it has wandered or how long it has wandered.

Forests never seem to end.

After the first floor of the small building, Rogge would be interested in the dead skull. In the dead of night, the second floor of a small building is often a person and a skull eyes standing still. After many unsuccessful attempts to communicate with Spirit, Roger finally lost interest.

Rogge did not know where the skull knife came from and did not study the result for a long time and did not study it any longer.

The weather is getting hot day by day, unknowingly, Rogge had passed his 20 birthday and had already left the Magic Academy. In a few days it was the day of the exam. A few months time in more than 30 volumes of history have been read by Rogge more than half, incidentally read a bunch of adventure biographies, travel notes, all kinds of notes and the like.

Aite passed the Magic School three months ago and is now working toward a Magic Knight. After all, to do so magician wasting his bulk. Kate is in the training of Father became a good five knights, of course, from the faith point of father and son should be regarded as the Dark Knight. As for Lance and Franco, Yu Jian leisure time sword has also made progress. What is even more rare is that the two spend most of their money on women’s, art and alcoholic drinks on their own equipment, so the strength is far from actual.

Few people really fall in nature is not forced, but for the situation forced it. After the first building of a small building, several people asked Liu Qiang for grabbing the occasion of the occasion of the occasion of the women and girls, some people sometimes jumped out to strike out. Although the Sword and Blood Rose mercenary group is small, even the third are owed, but the head (the dead Master) is a man of courage, Qiwei and the pursuit of many. There are always some mercenary who know the truth to revenge.

The weather is hot, the heart is dry. On the day of the test, the Rogge on the examination room was free to put on the magic of two flame fingers, even if he passed the examination, in exchange for a magician’s robe. The afternoon went to the city of Master Association Note book, even if officially become a low-level magician. Rogge also gets a grant of five gold coins a month if he is willing to wait for the call as the Rhine League needs it. However, Roger, who has read the history of a belly, now has another great ideal.

Only a heavy hit the glass together.

“Our brothers did not get together for a while, ***, everywhere killers are not drunk today !” Bear-like Aetter shape than the pure Knight’s Kate was even taller, he held a wine glass to the whole breath Fall in the throat Kate a face full of vigor and vitality, a look of righteousness, he is now flushed, alcohol. As for Lance and Franco, they all look handsome. But in the aristocracy is normal, after all, noble lady looks good.

Several people were born and one died many times during this half-year, and they also formed superficial friendship.

“Brothers, tomorrow I’m going to FARBURG after taking office can not gather together after a few of you often come to see me, of course, at your own expense.” Kate looked depressed.

Franco said: “FARBURG? It is * that near the Demon Forest. Rogue can be a lot of nearby, ah, I heard that recently the Principality of Ron has also often a small unit of scouts through the Demon Forest to that nearby activities. ”

Kate poured a sip of wine and said: “My Father insisted that I go there to accumulate military exploits, he gave me so , Farsburg resident Knights head and my Father is wearing crotch pants of friendship, but also take care of That time, he gave me that black elven breastplate at home, hey hey. ”

“Brothers, FARBURG is a great place!” Rogge came. He stamped his chair on the chair, his mouth frothy and said: “That place * Near the Demon Forest, and close to the front, adventurers may be a lot! This time Kate where the cavalry captain … … captain? It does not matter, the mission Long is not your family relatives? We can do a good think about those adventurers, monster hunters, and even the military, what is needed ? Weaponry ! If we open a weapon auxiliary, it is not it? This thing is not good for others to do, restrictions and more, we do what are the restrictions? Think about it, those who go to the magic of the forest money come from? Yes, hunting magic monster to sell crystal core or fur to make money. To hunt the monsters, but they can buy their prey Well these things, to the hands of the Fassa Mensao, is an excellent material into magic equipment and then sold to adventurers, *, we sat still, also Can call them off a few layers of skin!

Lance also came spirit. “There are two hundred thousand people in Fahlgarh, the beauty is estimated to have a Kate there, we do not have to live like this with the grandson like the king, is a small government officials. Anyway, I was fine, Rogge, I’ll partner with you. ”

“Speaking of adventurers, your eyes light up, the last chick has not let you enough ah?” Ethan smiled and stared at Lens.

“Damn, why are I so unlucky, tease the leg shouted at me. Cause I can not touch a woman a month, ***, then I did not call her calendar harm!” “The chick is still closed at you?” Asked Franco. “Of course, well-kept it. That can be so easily let her go, almost let me never! How kind, how many brothers to stay with me tonight?” A few people on the table are hehe ** up.

Several people drink for a while wine. In addition to Kate, the rest are unemployed tourists, are going out to turn around. So agreed to go to Farbort battles, opened arms stores plus the acquisition of adventurer items. Kate first go, the rest a few people pack up a few days together. As for Fes, Roger has long been dragged the water, but his laboratory stuff may not be able to move away in half past one.

Months to transit, several kings scoff rickety out of the pub, robes are wine stains. Into a dark long street, suddenly masked adventurer dressed figure jumped out quietly, surrounded by several people in the center.

“You scum of several, dead more than innocent! Today I want to revenge for Qi Wei.” Several evil less sighed, so the opening has heard at least seven or eight times.

Several masked man flashed weapons came out, a magician began to read the mantra.

Suddenly a bolt hit the magician’s chest in lightning, but Roger is now known as the Master killer. Several other people pulled out weapons under the robe, which is still the slightest bit drunk? And impressively under the robe is fully armed. Few tacit understanding, together in front of a masked greeting. That person was taken aback, a roll, fall into the roadside ditch, finally escaped the curse of killing themselves. Wang scum class immediately out of siege, get away. Busy do not know who also sprinkled a sachet of soybeans, Gordon immediately let the ambush people upside down, can only watch as they disappear in the darkness.

–END–

