Pokemon Chapter 5: The Legend of the Rulers of Sky

Photo Credit: 

Previously: Team Pokémon reached Phoenicia and met Torkoal – gathered information and were returning but learnt about Moltres being crazy.

Now: Torkoal arrived there.

 Grovyle – How Moltres woke up?

 Torkoal – Last night, an earthquake came due to which Moltres might have awakened and she has returned once again to take revenge of her defeat in the battle of Iceberg.

 Suddenly a blast took place at Mt. Thunder and Snow white Peak. Torkoal was frightened and said – O! No, Zapdos and Articuno….

 Pikachu – Who?

 Grovyle – O Man! Don’t you know about the Legendary Bird Zapdos and Articuno?

 Pikachu – Nopes.

 Grovyle – Haven’t you heard the legend of the Rulers of Sky?

 Pikachu – Nopes.

 Torkoal – Then I’ll tell you. A long, long time ago, when the universe was created, deep within the volcano, the fire egg appeared and gave birth to Fiery Bird and Fire Beast…

 Pikachu – What is Fiery Bird and Fire Beast?

 Grovyle – Oh ho! These are Moltres and Entei respectively.

 Pikachu – Okay, okay.

 Torkoal – In Snow white Peak, Crystal Egg appeared and gave birth to Ice Queen and Snow Beast…

 Pikachu – What are these?

 Grovyle – O My! These are Articuno and Suicune.

 Torkoal – Do not interrupt again.

 Pikachu – Okay, okay.

 Torkoal – And at Mt. Thunder, Lightning Egg appeared and gave birth to Thunder King and Lightning Beast…

 Pikachu – May I….

 Grovyle – I know, I know, these are Zapdos and Raikou respectively.

 Torkoal – Yes.

 Pikachu – But from where these eggs appeared? Was there a hen?

 Torkoal – Nobody knows but what the legend says, I am telling you.

 Pikachu – Alright.

 Torkoal – All the three birds and three Beasts represented the elements of the Poke World and controlled these elements of Fire, Ice and Lightning. But Moltres got out of the control and just like Darkrai, set on a quest to conquer the world. The plan was ruined by the efforts of Mew at the battle of Iceberg. She was put to sleep by Mew and other two were too. But mysteriously, these have awakened once again.

 Pikachu – It means that they have returned to take the revenge.

 Torkoal – That’s what I have told you already.

 Grovyle – Look! They have arrived.

Then everyone saw the three birds in the sky above Phoenicia. The three then began to battle with no reason. Everyone was confused.

 Pikachu – They must have attacked us but…

 Torkoal – they are battling among themselves…

 Grovyle – What does it mean?

 Pikachu – Do they have some internal problems?

 Torkoal – Nopes. It means something else.

 Pikachu – What?

 Torkoal – Don’t they want to awaken Lugia?

 Pikachu – Who?

 Torkoal – In legend, Articuno, Moltres and Zapdos are said to be the Guardians of Lugia. When they unite their powers, a vortex stone is created which can be used to enter the Silver Trench – the toughest dungeon ever.

 Pikachu – So….

 Torkoal – If Lugia awakens, then his single lightest movement of his wing will blew everything.

 Everyone – What!

 Torkoal – Nothing will remain there if he awakens.

 Grovyle – We should calm them down.

 Pikachu – What’s going on with the climate? Look there, the forests….

 Grovyle – are burning…

 Pikachu – Everywhere is huge snowfall…

 Torkoal – And clouds…thunder and lightning everywhere…It’s all due to their battle.

During their battle, Grovyle saw a mysterious shadow in the sky but he ignored it. Everyone was confused how to stop them.

 Chikorita – We should call Lugia for help.

 Torkoal – What! Calling Lugia will be disastrous.

 Grovyle – Moreover, we lack Vortex Stone.

 Alakazam came there and said – If you wake Lugia, the world will fall into the danger and that will be the end.

 Grovyle – Is there any other way?

 Alakazam – The war might end if you call the Sacred Beasts.

 Torkoal – It doesn’t seem appropriate.

 Pikachu – Did you hear something?

 Torkoal – Nopes.

 Pikachu – It came again.

 Then everyone heard a melodious tune. From somewhere, a melody came which calmed the birds but suddenly, Moltres attacked Phoenicia followed by Zapdos and Articuno. They had no choice but to battle them. Pikachu and Grovyle fought against them and with the help of other Pokémons they successfully won. They were freed and something came out of them.

 Articuno – Thanks, Pikachu and Grovyle for saving us. You brought us to our senses.

 Zapdos – Thanks Chikorita, Torkoal and Alakazam. We’re sorry for what we did.

 Pikachu – But why did you get out of control?

 Articuno – A dark Pokémon arrived at our domains. We were alerted by others but suddenly, we fell down and were controlled by that and with an explosion we came here.

 Moltres – I am sorry too. My rage controlled me and I wanted the vengeance of my defeat at the Battle of Iceberg. Sorry to do that.

 Pikachu – It’s okay after all we are Pokémons. To err is Pokémon.

 Moltres – We should return now.

 Zapdos – If you need our help, don’t hesitate.

 Articuno – I assure you that we’ll never battle among themselves.

Then everyone returned and Pikachu and Grovyle were happy for saving Phoenicia.

 Torkoal – So, everything is fine now.

 Pikachu – Let’s get going.

 Grovyle – So let’s return to Pokémon Guild.

 Chikorita – We got the necessary information that we needed.

 Ariados arrived there and said – Team Pokémon, you should stay here for the night.

 Torkoal – Yes. Depart tomorrow at the daybreak.

 Pikachu – Alright, then.

Then Team Pokémon went to the Pokémon Centre to stay there for the night.

What was that strange dark Pokémon who awakened the three birds? Is something bad going to happen?                                                                                                                       [TO BE CONTINUED]

