A long long time ago…

Creepers, grass and the occasional ambitious shrub had overgrown its outer hull as Mother Nature desperately tried to reclaim her rightful territory. And yet, despite her centuries of effort, the cold gleam of metal in the sun still glared out angrily from benath the green. Deep inside the spaceship’s heart, two humans, homo sapiens, awoke from their slumber. A man and a woman. They acknowledged each other’s presence with a quiet nod, the silence heavy with weight of knowledge.

“Attention. Time jump and cryo release succesful.”

Sound was an unfamiliar sensation, no matter all the training. But there wasn’t another option; their brain had been striped of all implant interfaces, including the acoustic implants. It was to be a new beginning; from scratch.

A screen lit up in front of the time travellers, showing them the world outside. The impact crater was huge, by design; the dinosaurs and all major primitive life forms would have been long extinct by now. The crater had grown into a murky swamp over the years, but the alien inhabitants of the swamp did not mind. Their technology would take care of it all, they trusted their technology.

“Please enter key to initiate Eden protocol.”

The design intel had a queer sense of humour, thought the woman as a keyboard disengaged from a sidewall and awaited expectantly by her fingertips. The woman looked at the man she would have to share her life with, and she looked back down at the clunky interface. Fingers moving precisely as they had been trained to move, she typed in the key.

“Eden protocol activated. Self disintegration in 3.00 hours.”

He watched as she walked upto him. Eve took Adam’s hand in hers and gave it a reassuring squeeze. The world was theirs to regain.

“On behalf of humanity, thank you for your service. Energising mass transfer.”

Adam shimmered into existence in the primeval forest, Eve next to him. They had to find shelter, and then rebuild the human race. Maybe homo sapiens wouldn’t make the same mistakes a second time.

Maybe.

–END–

