The Unknown Force Part 1 : Dark Secrets

Photo credit: 

 from 

Humans are born to be skeptical and stick to reality. That’s what i thought every single days, hours, minutes and even seconds. My mind and heart is not open to matters such as magical powers and zombies outbreak. I don’t even have a Science Fiction movies or books. I disliked Sci-Fi so much. I don’t know why, maybe because the fact that it could not happen? I only love realistic stories that could happen such as love story. It happens everywhere.

One night, i was reading one of my favorite love story book called ‘Pride and Prejudice’ when Gary, my Best Friend called me on my cellphone.

“Hello, Brian. Want to come with me to watch Carrie tomorrow? It’s a Sci-Fi Movie. I will be the one to pay for the tickets. Please, Mary will also come.”

“Sorry, I’m bus-

“Stop making excuses. It will be fun! I promise. I just want you to try watching  this one and i will not bug you about Sci-Fi ever again if you don’t like it.”

“No, Gary! Nope and no. That’s my final decision. It only influences my mind with stupid fake believes and bad things.”

“Then love story that involves, you know, the thing that a lover do is not bad to you?”

“Hahahaha! THAT’S a different story. It’s fun to watch, besides, we’re teen after all. It’s good to me.”

“That’s where you wrong. Even if i love to watch it, it’s bad for under age and i will not defend that fact. Just come tomorrow. If not i will hire tons of people to bug you till you say yes!”

“Ummh..”

“Please? Mary will be disappointed to know that you’re not going because i already said you will come.”

“*sigh* Fine.. I will, just let me finish this book i’m reading.”

“That’s my man! I’m picking you up 7 PM tomorrow. Don’t be late! See you!”

“Bye.”

I ended the call and started to read the last chapter of Pride and Prejudice. Meanwhile, excitement start to build up inside me as i have never watch a Sci-Fi movie before and Carrie will be the first one. After finishing the book, i continued reading my whole collections of Love Story while it last, for i knew i will have a new change of tides.

********

Time went so fast, and before i knew it, my watch has already point it short needle exactly at 6 PM. I could hardly stand still and keep glancing at my watch. Suddenly, i heard a car honking outside from my home, and i instantly know that it was Gary, picking me up. So, i bid my parents goodbye and went off.

“It’s 6 PM right now. One hour early than you said yesterday, Gary.”

“Don’t worry, we will eat at restaurant first. You don’t want to watch your first experience with Sci-Fi film in hungry state, didn’t you?”

“I’m excited right now!” i said to both Mary and Gary, laughing.

“Now, who’s talking?” Mary said, smiling.

We continued to joke around until we arrived at our destination. We were all hungry, so eating did not slow us down. When we arrived at the cinema, Carrie is already starting. We seated our self as the movie starts.

On Halfway of the movie, the part where Carrie discovered her power and started to train her self, uneasy feeling start to appear inside me.

“You don’t like it,  Brian?”

“No, no. I love it. But something made me feels uneasy inside me. But, its okay. It’s my first experience in Cinema, after all.” i replied.

“You gotta be kidding me. I have never encountered that, even my first time in Cinema.” Mary replied and continue to watch the movie. I managed to relax and enjoy the movie.

I really love the part where the climax scenes takes part and at that time, my body starts sweating and a cold feeling under my belly button. But, the strange fact is, why would my body sweat if there’s an air conditioner inside the place? I considered it must be normal, because i’m a newbie at things like this. Overall, the movie was good. After the movie has ended, we exit the cinema and began to talk frantically about the movie.

“So how was it? Do you like it?” Gary asked.

“It was good! Sci-Fi isn’t bad after all. Maybe i’ll look up for another movie.” I replied.

“Good for you, buddy.” Gary replied, flashing a thumbs up sign.

Gary send me home and i bid my friends goodbye. Feeling sleepy, i went to my bedroom. I undress and wear my night pajamas. I lay on my comfy bed, ready to fall asleep. However, a heavy thought coming from nowhere suddenly struck my mind. It was a question that will make me search for the existence of something. The question is :

“WHAT IF MAGIC POWER REALLY EXISTS?”

 ***

