Science Fiction Short Story – Have A Heart

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was evening time when the Chris was returning home. He was thinking that his mother and father would be waiting for him and they would be very pleased because their son had won the annual drawing competition in his school. He was very happy. He reached home and rang the bell with excitement. The door was opened by John. John was a robot and he was purchased by Chris’s father for doing their work.

Chris said ” Hi John what’s up? where are mom and dad ? I know they have planned a party to celebrate my victory. They are playing a hide and seek game with me. Aren’t they ? ”

John said ” Sir and madam are busy in a meeting  and they will come late. They have programmed me to celebrate your victory. So let’s call your friends and celebrate it.”

Chris didn’t answered. He started weeping and broking the plates and glasses.

John saw this and said “What are you doing ? it’s time to celebrate your victory.”

Chris said “My heart is broken. But you can’t understand it. May you have a heart ? ”

John said with confusion “What is heart ? it isn’t in my program.”

Chris said in anger “That’s what i am saying . You don’t have a heart . So you can’t understand my feelings . Just leave me alone .”

John said “I can’t leave you alone, I have programmed to celebrate your victory and I will celebrate it.”

Chris had became very angry now. He took a stick and broke the robot. The robot was completely finished. At 1a.m. Chris’s mom and dad came. They saw that robot’s parts were lying here and there in the hall. But they didn’t say anything to their son.

In the morning Chris came and started weeping. He said to his father “Dad punish me. I have broke the poor robot. He didn’t have heart but I had, yet I broke him. ”

Chris’s mother said “Only you are not responsible for it. We all are equal responsible for it. So now we accept our fault . Now we will give you time. ”

Chris said ”  But still I can’t forgive myself.”

Suddenly his father laughed and said “hey Chris see your behind . ”

Chris turned around and saw that John was standing there. Chris became pleased and hugged the robot. Now Chris had learned the real meaning of  having a heart.

__END__

