“Dad…Why is it always dark here?”, asked his son. “I don’t know son”, answered his father. They were there for nearly…they don’t know for sure but maybe for a day. All that they remember was getting into an elevator.

“I’m a frequent visitor. So, don’t worry”, he assured them again. “You just have to wait for it. Sorry, I didn’t help you earlier. The rules are that you shouldn’t speak to other visitors”, he explained.

“Sorry guys…I apologise on behalf of him”, he apologised. He was going to his office. His son was accompanying him. When they got into the elevator, he got excited and pressed all the buttons on his reach. The others in the lift were looking at him with frustration.

“Oh! Don’t worry about that! We thought we were trapped here forever. You are doing us a great favour. What is this place actually? You said you are a frequent visitor here…Why do you come here and how”, the father shot questions at him.

The building had 15 floors. So, you couldn’t use the stairs often. The lift didn’t stop anywhere. They felt as if they have been in the lift for at least 5 minutes. “Oh! God What a mess you have created”, cried a woman at the child. The child innocently looked at his father’s face. He didn’t know what to do. At last, after a few minutes, the lift stopped.

“This is not human world. This is one of the other worlds”, he started explaining. “There many worlds other than the human world. Some of them are uninhabited. Some of them are, but with demonic creatures. Sacrifices must be given to enter those worlds. This is one of the uninhabited ones. I come here to have some me time. So, how did you get here?”, he finished his explanation with a question.

It was the fifth floor. Everyone looked at one another. Nobody seemed to leave. When the door was about to close, a woman entered. She kept her head down. She doesn’t say a word.

“I don’t know! That’s what we were wondering about from the time we came here!”, the father said. “OK! What is the last thing you remember?”, he asked. “We…we got into a lift…and my…”, he was cut off by the other visitor’s voice. “A lift! You got into a lift! That’s it!”, he shouted.

The elevator started to move again. A few moments passed. Slowly, they were becoming restless. The elevator stopped. The doors opened. It was completely dark outside. The woman who got inside, walked out. “Hey! Stop! Where are you going?”, a woman inside the lift shouted. The woman stopped and turned.

“What? We don’t understand!”, cried the father. “It is one of the ways to go into other worlds! I have heard about it but I prefer the “Calling the Cab” method. You have to get into a lift which is in a building with at least 10 floors and press a combination of numbers in the dial in the elevator and…”, he was interrupted by the father. “Everything is clear as a crystal now!”, cried the father.

The woman who shouted became silent. The other woman turned and started walking towards her. she came near her and looked at her. Her face was pitch black and eyes were as red as hot coal. The woman who shouted was terrified seeing her face. That woman stared at her…at her eyes. Her eyes became completely black and she fell down. She then simply walked away into the darkness. They all stood stunned.

“Me and my son entered my office elevator and my son playfully pressed a couple of buttons. That must have done it!”, the father shouted realising. “Then there must have been someone else with you”, he noted. “Yes! But they wandered off”, said the father. “Hope they find some other visitor. But, they don’t have nothing to fear about here”, he consoled him.

A man inside the elevator pressed the button to close the elevator doors. The doors closed. When opened again, it was the same place outside. “I am not going to be here anymore!”, shouted another and he ran out. He ran into the darkness. He and his son alone stood there in the elevator. His son held his hand. They slowly came out. They couldn’t see anything clearly. They slowly wandered there. There were a few trees. Suddenly, they heard some noise.

“So, how do we get out of here?”, asked the father. “There is always a way out as there is a way in”, he explained. “There is a time when the doors between all these worlds open simultaneously. We can return to the human world”, he said.

The father looked around. The noise could be heard closer. They continued to look around. They saw some light at a distance. It seemed to come closer. It came very near. It was a cab. They saw that they were standing on a road. The cab stopped right after them. Hesitantly he got into the cab with his son. There was already someone in the backseat. He doesn’t seem to bother about them. The cab suddenly stopped. The other man got out of the cab. In the fear of losing the only company he got apart from his son, he too got down. He walked fast. He seemed to know the place well. So, they followed him. After sometime, he turned to look at them. They stopped and when he resumed his walk, they too continued theirs. He turned again. Suddenly, he begun to run. The father lifted his son and ran trying to keep up with him. But, he soon disappeared in the darkness. They stood there in confusion. “You sure don’t know where you are! Do you?”, a voice came from behind them. They turned. He stood behind them.

“What time is that?”, asked the father. “3:33”, he replied. “AM or PM?”, the father asked. “There’s no day and night here!”, he said and continued “See…It’s already 3:25! We have only a few minutes to get back to the lift!”, he announced. They started running towards the elevator. “We have to be in the lift before 3:30…we have the next 60 seconds to go back”, he said as they were running. They entered the lift when it was 3:29. The visitor closed the elevator doors as soon as they entered and he pressed a few buttons. The lift started moving. “Don’t worry my son! We will be home soon”, the father cheered up his son. The lift doors opened again. It was dark. “It must be night”, father murmured to his son. They slowly stepped out of the elevator. They could see a couple of red spots in the darkness. They took a few steps. Suddenly, a cry of pain was heard. The visitor walked on. The dark creatures to whom the red eyes belonged, gave way to him. He walked past the dead bodies of the father and the son, covered in blood as the dark creatures whispered, “Welcome to 333”.

–END–

