Story of Science Fiction – FOURTH DIMENSION OF SPACE

Photo credit: 

 from 

“What are you doing? No don’t do this. Please don’t” .Sasha said.

“Trust me, everything is going to be okay” Daniel tried to console her.

“But, this…”

“Shh…  Listen to me, I had seen my future, and I know everything is going to be okay”

And he told what he saw in her ear, none of the soul heard what he said to her.

The portal was open; everyone looks pleased to see the portal.

They three were the first to enter the portal, she looked at him with great admiration, he smiled at her, and then every soul in there flew into that portal at the same time.

Her hand was just an inch away from his. He looked at her face the light in her eyes were gone, she seems peaceful, but blood was coming from her nose and ears. He tried to reach out for her hand. His hand touched her finger tip.

“BEEP, BEEP”

Alarm beeped. Daniel woke up from the sleep, he looked shaky. After he lost his girlfriend in a car accident four years ago, he kept dreaming about her most of the night.

Daniel was a scientist, he was working in his own lab and she was his partner they were close friends, he didn’t have time for engagement while he was busy with his experiments about another dimension and about the human soul. She helped him in every step and finally they found out with enough energy he can make a connection to another dimension.  They were celebrating their discovery with their friends, on that day his friend John asked him about his experiments and what are they for?

“I am trying to create a path to connect to another dimension” Daniel explained to him.

“Why?” asked John.

John was their friend, he lived across the street from Sasha’s house he doesn’t knew much about science but he was interested in their work. He came often to their lab and talk to him and Sasha about their experiments.

Daniel started to explain him lightly.

“Well… you know about dimension of our world, and how many dimension we can feel, right?”

“Yeah, I know we see three dimensional world”

“Yes, but it’s not just that, we can only see three dimensions of space and there is one dimension of time, so there is a total of four dimensions, Stephen Hawking explained about three dimensional world  in his book a brief history of time‘

’.

But it doesn’t mean there are only four dimensions because we can’t feel others, there are more dimensions than these, and it has been studied by mathematicians and philosophers for almost three hundred years. According to M-theory there is 10 dimensions of space and one dimension of time, a total of 11 dimensions, and that may be another world in that dimension and it may be close to us, so close to us that it may be only little ones in a millionth of centimeters away from our body and we can never find it or we can never feel it. Some say there will be human souls in that dimension. Maybe there are human souls in that dimension or in that world so close to us. My study is about these other dimensions.”

“So you are trying to contact with ghosts?”

“No, no, I’m just trying to find a path to another dimension, it’s all just theory; we have not made it practical yet”

“Well, good luck with your experiment, even though it sounds a little beyond this world”

“Yes, good luck Daniel, he is trying to do something that many of us tried and never able to do.” It was Leonard, he worked with Daniel when he was at CERN, and they were friends for few years.

Daniel smiled at him and said thanks to them both.

After everybody left He told her how much he likes her. She was really pleased and she said she felt the same way the whole time.

They were a really happy couple for a few months, suddenly one day a tragic car accident took her away from him. It was a Friday, he was driving the car and she was with him on the front seat they were talking about their projects, he was looking at her face for a second then from nowhere the truck in front of them braked and made a quick turn, he didn’t see it, he lost control and the car hit the side of the truck and rolled over for a few meters, she was dead on there at that spot, he was hospitalised for three months, even when he returned from the hospital he couldn’t believe he lost her. He missed her every moment after that day.

 

After losing her, Daniel was gloomy for months, then he buried himself deep in his works after that, he doesn’t have any interest in his social life, work was the only thing that kept him busy. And John sometimes helped him in his work. He was trying hard to make his project work, to create a path to another dimension he hoped that in that dimension he might find his wife and they can meet again. So he put his every breath on his work. Leonard came sometimes there and tried to cheer him up, Daniel discussed about his work’s progress with him and shared some ideas, Leonard asked him if he ever tried to create a particle accelerator to achieve that high energy and asked him to work on that, Daniel agreed with him, Leonard said he has to go to Australia for some work and he will be staying there for some time.

After that day, his friend John came to his house and asked him about his experiments. Daniel talked to John about his work passionately;. John doesn’t know that much about his work, but he came often to Daniel’s lab and helped him most of the day.

Daniel worked on the Particle accelerator for months, and John really helped him in his experiments.

“So I am supposed to make a portal connected to this particle accelerator” Daniel told to John

“Ok.”

“You know, it’s like teleportation, a portal which will break you into tiny waves of zero intrinsic mass or very low mass and recreate you in another dimension through a wormhole, yes.”

John doesn’t understand most of the things that Daniel just said. But he shook his head supporting him.

They made a giant ring with copper coil all around it, by which three men can easily pass through it.

“This is the portal, I have to get into this ring and these accelerated waves will accelerates the speed of any matter that get into this, and when it reaches near the speed of light, by running high current through this coil we can create a high magnetic field, and this rotating wave will create a small portal like a wormhole in centre of this ring and this magnetic field will expand it into larger size so large amount of particles can pass through it, and if everything went right, I will probably in another dimension.”

“But what will happen if it went wrong?  ”

“I don’t know, nobody done anything like this before. First we have to check if everything is right. I want to know if I will be alive when I reach that dimension”

“How are we going to check that?”

“Like this, for every experiment before it does on an actual human being, it’s done on some other living creature to check if it cause any harm”

Daniel showed a white box to John, through the glass door of that box John could see a rabbit in it, a digital timer was attached to the box; a thermal camera and a normal camera were put inside the box. A screen showed every movement of the rabbit and thermal image of that rabbit. He placed it on a robotic arm near the ring.

“John. Start the power”

John started the power and the particle accelerator turned on, the proton moving inside the accelerator was visualised on the computer screen.

“Speed, 50% of speed of light”

“60%”

“70%, 80%, 90%”

“99.99%”

“Ok, this is the time”

He gave the power supply to the coil and it started with humming, a small black dot was visible at the centre of the ring, Daniel had a controller attached to his arm with his watch, it looked like a large watch with a size of a floppy disk. He pressed some keys on that touch screen of his watch the humming of the coil became louder and the black dot at the centre became larger, it kept larger and larger until it reaches the size of that ring. Daniel looked into that portal and went near to it.

He pressed the key to run the robotic arm. It moved slowly into the portal with the box. When it entered the portal, the screen with the video of the rabbit and the thermal image went blank. Daniel looked at the other side of the ring to check if he can see the robotic arm on the other side, but there were none. That robotic arm placed the box inside that portal; it looked like the box and the arm was split into small pieces, like dematerialising and then the arm started to materialize and returned back.

Daniel and John waited for five hours. After five hours John said

“We have to check what happened to that rabbit now, would it be still there?”

Daniel pressed the keys on that robotic arm and it moved towards the portal and then it returned back with the box materializing in its hand. They turned off the machines and looked the rabbit, it was alive and the timer on that box showed the time when the box entered into the portal. Then they watched videos from the camera attached in the box, after it entered in the portal normal camera went blank at first and then shown nothing, it looked like as if the rabbit were disappeared but the thermal camera blinked at first and then shown the thermal image of the rabbit, like nothing ever happened to it.

“So our experiment is successful, life can get to the other dimension and can return without any harm, even though the time will not move in that dimension or maybe it moves too slow, I think it will do no harm to me” Daniel explained the observation to John.

“I think, that’s it for today, I have to do some improvisation to this controller, we got some new findings from today’s experiment.” Daniel pointed to his large watch.

“John, I want you to be here tomorrow morning. I want your help”

“Ok. I will be here”

They finished that day’s work and John went to his home, Daniel continued some work on his watch, then after finishing it he went to sleep, he thought “tomorrow, maybe I can see my Sasha again, No, I will see her again.”

 

The next day he was eager to open the portal, John was there early in the morning they connected all their devices properly as planned,

“Are you sure you want to go into it now. I can go there for you?” John asked.

“No, I am absolutely sure about this, I want to go there. Please give me those cameras” Daniel pointed towards the two weird looking cameras at the table. John gave it to him.

“I hope I can get anything in that world using these things” Daniel hung those cameras on his shoulders.

“What are those things?” John asked.

“This one is thermal camera which will take thermal pictures of things as we saw of that rabbit, and if it doesn’t work on the things in that dimension, I think this Kirlian camera will come useful, you know, using this advanced Kirlian camera I can get photos of human soul and aura of any living things. It shows the electromagnetic radiation of a body or coronal discharge of. And I got a DVR digital voice recorder; it will record sounds even if it doesn’t audible to human”

“So it can capture pictures of ghosts and what they say.” John doesn’t believe that.

“May be, we have to be prepared, Oh, and I made some modification in this controller” He pointed towards his watch.

“Like what?”

“From the last day’s experiment, I know that the gravitational pull is so much higher in that dimension so the time nearly stops in that dimension. You know there is four elementary forces in nature. One is Strong interaction, which is holding the neutron of an atom in the nucleus. There is Weak interaction, which creates radioactive decay. Then nuclear fusion and there is electromagnetic force and gravity, In that four elementary force three of them are so much stronger than gravity, Gravity is the only weak elementary force and scientists were always saying that most of the gravitational energy will be in some other dimension that’s why gravity in our world is so much weaker than other elementary force in nature.”

“So that gravity affects time?”

“Yes, experiments proved that by placing to the atomic clock at different sea levels, and the clock which placed higher, ran faster than the one placed closer to earth, because it was affected by less gravitational pull than the other one ”

Daniel continued his lecture “So by my observation, I add something in this controller that it will provide a field around me which will continuously connect to this portal and this particle accelerator, by which I can break that gravitational field and I can create my own time field around me”

“So what good it would do?”

“That means, if I enter into that dimension, using this controller, I can travel through time”

“Like a time machine?” John was really curious about that.

“Yeah, like a time machine, But because I am in that fourth dimension, I can only see things in this world and I can’t do anything to change it”

“Is it really possible?”

“I think so, now start it”

John turned on the machines, Daniel repeated the process he done before, first a black dot appeared at the centre a tiny worm hole created by the accelerated waves and it then expanded by the magnetic field by stretching it the black dot began growing larger and larger than the portal was open with a high humming noise.

“I have to note whatever happens in that dimension, using these recorders and cameras, you close this particle accelerator after I enter this portal and wait here for my return” Daniel shouted over the humming of that coil.

“Right”

“I can connect my controller with this portal only when I am in that dimension, because the portal is in-between these two dimensions, nothing can send through that dimension to this. I can only control the magnetic field of this coil once it started, I cannot cut the power line or turn on it. So when I reach there you should cut the power off to the Particle accelerator otherwise the portal can open from the other side by giving a high energy to it. And later I will send a signal to this portal from that dimension and you will hear the alarm, at that time I want you to restart the machine and open the portal for me”

“As you wish…”John said.

“Then wish me luck” Daniel entered into that portal.

John watched him disappearing inside that ring, he was splitting into small pieces like splitting into atoms and then into protons and electrons and then into quarks and leptons and he was gone the blackness was just there, then it became small and small finally it became just a black dot at the centre of that ring.

“Good luck” John whispered and he shut down the particle accelerator.

To Continue Click on Page Below…

