Science Fiction Story – Habitable

Photo credit: 

 from 

“This is the planet I said. Just look into that with concentration” Ralph positioned the FIRST special telescope to the planet and said.

“Are you sure this is a habitable world?” Baldwin is looking at the image in the infra red survey telescope with a keen and wide spread look.

“Yes. This planet is habitable world. Let us go first to make the scientists on the earth keep far behind”

“Right, I wanna be the first one on this planet to get complete fame in my account.”

Baldwin is very greedy. He got an excellent senior scientist Ralph as his fellow scientist in his mission.

“Check it again and see if this is the correct planet you are saying, Ralph.” Baldwin said with wide eyes, ready for wider dreams full of dollars.

“Yes Baldwin, no doubt. This is the right planet. We can name it Ralbal-600.” Ralph said.

Baldwin looked at Ralph with anger and disgust. He wants his name first for this planet.

“Small correction needed, will you accept Ralph?”

“What is it Baldwin?”

“The name, I like for this planet, is Balral-600”

Ralph looked at Baldwin with a little smile. Baldwin is eager to know the pre-contract for the name of planet to be explored, putting his head on his bald head.

“No problem, Baldwin. We both are the first to step on this planet and what will be the difference if you are first than me to put your step on this planet.” Ralph said with the same smile.

Arrangements are made. The astronauts are Baldwin and Ralph and one Space Craft operator Colin Farrell who is around his sixties.

*****

One day the space craft is launched from the secret place in the dense woods. They want this operation entirely unknown to the world.

Colin is as much committed as Ralph. He respects Ralph and he dislikes Baldwin for his greedy thoughts.

After few days of travel, Their space ship entered the planet they aimed. It is a new planet with similar features of the earth.

There is the oxygen, the oxygen cycle is the biogeochemical cycle that describes the movement of oxygen with in its three main reservoirs: the atmosphere (air), the total content of biological matter within the biosphere (the global sum of all ecosystems), and the lithosphere (Earth’s crust). Here the earth is expected in this new planet. So they find this very important life cycle’s need called the oxygen.

“It loks like earth. I wonder.” Colin said.

“Not exactly like earth. There is something what we have to find out about this new planet. Don’t think so soon that it is like earth.” Ralph said.

Colin nodded his head as acceptance. He is observing the new planet with other two scientists.

The three scientists in space suits walking slowly on the new planet. There is oxygen. There is life. There are trees. But the trees are very big. Each tree is 40-50 feet high. The fruits are as big as elephants. But they do not know what the trees are to be called. They do not if the fruits are edible or not.

As they are going ahead they saw some streams which are very small. They look like the water flowing from a small shallow stream. There are some fish like creatures swimming in the waters.

“look there Ralph” Baldwin said with fear.

They saw a giant like creature with two heads coming towards them. The creature is 20 feet high. The heads are like big bowls with yellow glitter. Each head has five eyes. The creature came close to the scientist and asked them to stand calm before by signs.

The creature took Ralph and made him stand on Baldwin’s shoulders. Then he took Colin and made him stand on Ralph’s shoulders. Even then, The three are not as high as the creature.

He took all the three like toys and went back to a place where the Buildings are like glass castles and each castle is 50 feet high.

There is a five headed woman. She is speaking English.

“Welcome scientists, I know that you are from earth. May I know your names.”

The three scientists wondered that this planet is far advanced than earth.

“I am Ralph madam. He is Baldwin, my friend. This is our assistant Colin.” Ralph said.

“Well, I am happy to know that you are intelligent enough to fly and land on our land. This is Earoon. We call this with this name because this is in between earth and Mon. I am the queen of this planet Earoon. I am Delco. We are also like you human beings. But we are called Emoos.” Delco explained.

The three scientist wondered at the explanations.

“Rev Delco, May I ask you that all this planet is under only one rule? I mean to know that only one ruler for all this planet?” Ralph asked.

“Ye Ralph, you are precisely perfect in thinking. We are more scientist community. We explore things which very new. We know all the languages you people speak on earth. We wonder why so many countries and so many castes and religions on earth. You know, we hate people just for one thing – you people kill your own people on the pretext of some differences in your thinking.”

As Delco was telling this, Ralph thought that the human beings are more backward than Emoos.

“You know, You people have so much of greed. You want to be the highest in every aspect. For money, you people kill people. For power, you people kill the people in the name of wars. Why wars are needed? Why killings are needed in your world for even small reasons?”

Three scientists could not answer. Then Delco said.

“We are more powerful than you human beings. If we want, we can ride on the earth, conquer it. We can smash all the life on earth. But we are not killers as you people think. You think that aliens are killers. We are aliens and we are more advanced, yet we don’t want to kill you people on earth. This is why, your earth is safe till now.”

Delco is telling the facts.

“We came to see how the life is here.” Baldwin said in meek tone.

Delco smiled again.

“You people think that the others hearing you are fools. With this thought, you attack on them. You do all the attrocities. I know why you came here. You wanted to explore the new planet. You want to get fame. You want to get more money. But You are not aware of a fact that the people around you also are as clever as you, even cleverer too.”

Delco’s speech made the three scientists wonder.

“Okay, what do you want scientists? Money?” Delco asked with a questioning face.

Three scientists kept quiet. They did not answer.

Then Delco called someone and ordered something.

A cart has come. On the cart, there are Gold bricks. The value will be in billions.

“You people are slaves for this yellow metal. Here, it is like useless earth bricks. We use this for foundation of our buildings. Take this gold as our gift to you three people.”

Then she looked at the two-heded person and ordered him some thing.

He took the three scientists back to their space ship. As soon as they entered the space ship. The two headed guy placed all the Gold bricks on the cart in to the space craft. Then first time he spoke in English like this.

“Friends,Good bye. Madam Delco gave these gold bricks to you as gift. She is very kind. If you want more gold, come and ask her any time. But don’t come to own our planet. We will fight better than you if we want and you will be like small ants for us to kill you under our feet. You are lucky for we are peace mongers. Good bye.”

The two-headed person finished the dialogue and soon, with out anybody’s effort, the space ship started working and the other second they are in the space. Colin was wondering how the space ship started with out his efforts.

Ralph smiled looking at Baldwin.

“Planet is habitable, but not for us.” Ralph said with a smile.

Colin also smiled. Only Baldwin is left with out a smile.

__END__

