Science Fiction Short Story – New Friend from a new World-FROSLINE

Image Source: 

9:30 AM: I was sitting in a coffee shop when a bald headed boy , some 7 years old, gave me a piece of paper. I opened it up and it said,”Go to the red alto parked beside the bush outside the restaurant.” I got a double feeling at that point-fear and excitement too. But still i went out. I went near the car and looked though the window, A grey beard with a whitish faced man was sitting in the car. Just then someone hit on my head and…………….!

When i opened up my eyes,i was tied with ropes,i shouted,”Where am I? What…..”. As I was about to speak i saw my friends- Kundan, Rahul and Suraj- who were also tied up. We all didn’t have any clue what was going to come and then,”You all lead to this, the device made by you was the key to this all.” It was the same man who brought me up here.And i suddenly fall in the past..

1 Month back-

Me,  Kundan, Rahul and Suraj were working on a device which can connect us all to future. It was yesterday when at 3:00 am in night Kundan called me up,”Avneesh, The device worked but please save us…..they gonna kill us….pleez save us………”.

I came back to present ,  we were all freed but the guards still surround us.  A light came through the cloud cover over us (Sudden cause I don’t know how) and we all got a mere blindness and then…(Vuiiishhhh…..)

——Silence–

(Aaaaahhhhhhhhh…) I opened my eyes , some stars were seen through window pane and  Kundan, Rahul and Suraj were also awake.

“Where are you taking us all?”Suraj screamed.

A manly voice came back,”To your dream, to the new World , Joittenhiemberg.”. The man stood tall,  had a whitish face, he was looking as if he had just woke up from ice.

I thought ,” Joittenhiemberg, The ice world somewhat 2 lakh light years away…..”.

“You are right the ice world”, said the man”and by the way i am Frosline, The king of ice world.” I was surprised how he knew my thoughts. “Why are you taking us there?”,Rahul asked. He replied,”You only called us, by your device”. WE all were shocked our eyes wide opened….How is that possible.We were almost struggling from the news just then Frosline said,”Welcome to our land”.

It was a world like ours but full of ice. Lots of beings running here and there. Animals too. It was like a fairy land. So clean and white,  no pollution, no crimes. Then we were honored in the palace. But the whole time one thing was scratching my mind….How we came here, so fast.I could not resist myself and asked my curiosity and to that Frosline replied that we came here by a wormhole, just like time machine and they were out of power but the signals they received made his opinion strong on more creatures on other planet thats why they came to take us.

After a long time, spending some 1 week by my watch we were ready to return.But just before our departure, Suraj asked an intelligent question,”What about the time we missed on Earth?’ And we all were looking at Frosline like mad students who had stupid doubts.But Frosline just smiled and pushed the lever…….

“Wale up sir,wake up,(Aaaahhh….umh..) Wake up sir, Your coffee is ready’. It was the waiter in the coffee shop.But COFFEE SHOP….I jumped up and asked,”What time is it?”. Waiter Replied in an confused way,”It is 9:45 Sir”. I was shocked.

3 days past that incident, whoever I told about my trip, no one could believe it, so I and my friends decided not to disclose the secret journey-The journey to the Ice World.

-Happy Days-

1 Month later: 5 pm: I was taking a walk with Kundan, when a sound of lightening came, Clouds took up the sky, and(Vissh………..) and We were gone.

“Your Friend will be back in some time guys don’t worry”, Frosline screamed through the sky.

“Hello my friend.”

–END–

