Without doing the home task related to the newly started chapter- Our Solar System I was on my bed under my blanket.

I was falling through space with you on my side through a passage which appeared more illuminated than its dark and quiet surrounding. I could see you and you could see me but do nothing more than that. A voice emerging from something above us filled the vacuum with a little warmth like the vapors from the hot springs breaking the dense fog into droplets. I cannot hide the story and let it vanish with me because what we heard next is too powerful to be contained in the two of us that I have to tell you this one.

“Who are you? The voice said.”

 Everything till now seemed okay, but there was something strange in this voice, something which made us feel perplexed. I felt like lost in somewhere very calming, very peaceful, somewhere where I could wait forever to die without feeling the stress on the way. But somewhere in my mind I had a conscious which kept me aware that one day this all will be over and everything will be normal again with a fall out of bed. At the end of my sight I could see the greens floating on the blues and I was constantly moving towards it except that the distance between me and the Earth wasn’t reducing.

“Confused? That was what I heard next.

 Who are you?”

I didn’t try to speak my name for I knew that I wouldn’t be able to. Well my last night dinner didn’t have any poison mixed for I haven’t forgotten a thing and obviously I knew my name. Moreover I didn’t even considered it important to answer someone in space while falling from miles above the Earth.

“Not your body, your soul?

 Name your soul, kid.”

There was something not ordinary in the voice, something so strange and calming that the thoughts of my mind were vacuumed out and were being absorbed in the voice itself. I didn’t had an answer to that one, well who cared to answer someone while you are struck in a place like this (not struck exactly). For a while, silence broke out and then I realized I couldn’t respond, I could only hear and think but not show any movement probably I wasn’t even I. “Name your soul, kid” was I feeling weightless because I had lost myself, my body and the only thing that existed was my wholesome soul. Was it that I couldn’t feel my body because I didn’t had one.

“Lost? The voice brought me back to my senses.

 Why is it that you are not feeling afraid of being on your way to death for nobody can survive the fall?”

It was really happening, I was falling from 10,000 miles and was probably on the highway to hell but why was the scare away from me more than I was near to my death. Was it really my painless, fearless and effortless soul falling through space? Hearing carefully, I heard the deep breath and as I kept hearing it, it became louder and clearer, I looked at you and tried to somehow ask you that, did you know what was happening in this strange space, well even in my dreams, I never thought my trip to space would be filled with all these strange things

“The fear has left your way because the soul is dimensionless and no emotion of your outer body could find a way inside it. Body rots, but soul stays waiting for another costume to be worn in the backstage and perform before me. Nevertheless with your good karma you could have a seat beside me and watch the universe revolve and bring about its own destruction before your eyes.”

 “Tell son, how many of your kind can you see from here?”

Obviously without any godly powers I couldn’t even see the Earth even clearly, how could I see the ‘my kinds’. Though I didn’t even say anything but the voice came to know about my thoughts and responded too. There was a little heaviness in the voice, I tried to move my head and look at the source of the voice but wasn’t able to. There were several heavenly bodies bursting with each other and the whole scene looked so beautiful. It looked like I was floating in the magical world of space and only I existed in the whole universe, only I and I in this free world. The space was so dark, even then I could clearly identify the heavenly bodies for they have the light of their own (3rd grade).

The voice again broke the silence.

 “My son, you humans don’t realize that you are a part of really big universe, universe whose even millionth part couldn’t be mapped in any of your data. It is bigger than you could even imagine. There exists the many mysteries and the many wonders in this vast universe. And in this vast place in somewhere nearly untraceable area lie the small and puny creatures-the humans. You don’t even realize that you only have a little role to play in this universe which is unending. You are a part of something very large that your presence doesn’t even make a difference to the vast universe for you are only a drop in the sea. You alone cannot make a difference. The arrogance has found its way into the youth and has divided the society, made ways for other evils to enter into the human community. And now it is important that you the youth of the country, fill those gaps.

I, the creator of the universe command you to join hands, for you are the son of stars, stars that never lived independently but always existed in clusters, stars that only survived in galaxies so that be you- the humans. Once again look up at the night sky and unite for your common good. Burn all your pride to shine and to show that you all stand for peace and nothing else. Forget and let go for the other person will try to dump on you everything he has got but you always remember that he, you or anyone in this entire world is very small part of the big and at last anything doesn’t matter. Forget and let go.”

Forgive and let go….Forgive and let go. Thinking this in my mind, I spend my last few moments in the space looking the vastness of the universe but my eyes didn’t did the justice it wasn’t big enough to behold the beauty of the universe. And it was important for me to make my appearance for you are on the verge of adulthood, to tell you not to focus on the small things but on the bigger good.

 I let go myself and landed on the Earth without even a scratch on my body. Two seconds ago I was falling from space with the distance from myself and the Earth not reducing but immediately I landed. Though I directly landed on my bed, under my cozy blanket, this was my fall of life I will never forget.

 I woke up in hurry, got dressed with the school uniform and went downstairs to have my breakfast. My mother was ready with my breakfast and my school bag placed besides. It was already late and I immediately sat on my bike and paddled through the easy route which directly routed to my school. With the bang of school bell I entered the classroom with all eyes on me. Teacher had already begun with the next lesson and my desk was empty. While I was going to sit on my chair, she turned from the blackboard and asked me,

“Why are you late?”

 What I saw then surprised me. There was the same heaviness in her voice, same calm did her voice brought as I experienced in the space.

 Without breaking down into explanations I just turned my lips, exposed my teeth and gave her a smile. The other students could not understand a thing happening in the room.

 Surprisingly she let me sat down. The whole day went quit well except the morning part.

 I returned to my home and spent my whole day searching for the answers for what I have experienced. With lots of things in my brain which I couldn’t just vomit out I spend most of the early hours of sleeping only to think during which I would have pinched myself a hundred times.

 As a result I got asleep late at the night and woke up in a hurry like the day before.

 I reached school but saw my teacher whom I met the day before leaving the school in a car. Some of my friends who were the ‘teacher bugs’ informed me that she has found a better job somewhere else and so has quit this job of teaching.

 I rushed down, I started to follow her car but then I stopped for I remembered her saying;

 “Forget and let go.” I returned to the school and from then on, whomever I met I told them this story of the fall.

 Nobody believed it. They say it can only be possible in the world of superheroes but what I say to them,

 “We all are superheroes for we are the sons of stars.” Science too says that we are born out of the big bang.

 Today also when I look up at the stars, I see them twinkling hope which reminds me that we are not alone. Burn your pride, shine bright and let the world know we stand for peace.

 I have spread the word, done my duty now it is up to you, take your stand, do your best without looking for result and let go, float with the current of life and see where it will bring you to. You believe it or not but one thing I know for sure is,

 ‘I was falling through space with you on my side.’

–END–

