Science Fiction Short Story – VIRTUAL MODE

Photo credit: 

 from 

The busy Chennai city. People were always busy there. Vehicles are going here and there. No time for people to see the faces of others.

In that busy city, there was a great and brilliant scientist, named Vinayak. His Ultimate aim was to win a noble prize for his great invention “Virtual mode transport”. He was always busy in that project. Full time he concentrated in that,  moulded it well in a full-fledged manner.

The details of that project was, if anyone wanted to go any place, just tell “Start” with the place name, like Start Delhi. Then you will reach Delhi virtually and can visit all the places where you want. Then if you wanted to quit the trip, say “Exit”. Then you will be resumed to your own place.

This was the invention made by Mr. Vinayak. He finished his project successfully. Then it was the time to test the project. So, he tested himself first. He said, Start Mysore, and he visited Mysore Palace virtually and enjoyed there, then he said exit. He resumed to his lab. That was success!! He was very happy, can’t express his happiness by words.

Then he called his beloved wife Mrs. Kajal to check it out. She was happy and said Coimbatore, and went Coimbatore virtually.

An hour went, she didn’t come. A week went she didn’t. Vinayak felt fear and planned to go to the same place, Coimbatore to search his wife. He also went virtually.

He started to search from the famous places of Coimbatore and one by one. But no result. He became tired and also sad. Then he saw a poster. In that, Mayor of Coimbatore photo was there. He was shocked because that was his wife’s. That was the goose-flesh moment for him.

Then he immediately went to Mayor’s house to visit his wife. But the security of her didn’t allow him to see. He requested him many times. But he didn’t allow.

Daily he pleaded the security to allow. One day she noticed him and called him inside. He asked her how she became Mayor of Coimbatore. She replied, “who are you?”

Vinayak became angry and shouted at her “why are you behaving like this? You are my wife, come with me”.

All were shocked, then told him to go out.

Then finally he returned back to his lab with full anger on his wife. But there coffee smell came around the lab. He went to kitchen to see who put the coffee. None other than his wife. He was astonished and enquired how she came out of the virtual mode. She said, I came that day itself, while I came you were asleep. But then after you went inside.

Vinayak was full of confusion and told all the story what had happened in Coimbatore. His wife was also surprised to hear. Then both went again to Coimbatore to clarify their doubt.

Both went to Mayor’s house. Mayor also shocked to see Kajal because both were looking like Twins. Then their doubt was cleared and talked for an hour happily. That time Mayor enquired about virtual mode project, she was surprised to hear that and told him as, she would help him by her influence to nominate in nobel prize selection. She asked him to give her the complete details of his project so that she could talk with them easily.

Mr.Vinayak became happy and handovered the project details and returned back with his wife. Both Vinayak and Kajal were waiting for the nobel prize announcement. The day came. Both were waiting to see the success of the virtual mode transport project. The comperer announced the best project as “Virtual mode Transport”, Vinayak was flying over the air because his aim gonna be true now. But the comperer announced that, the nobel prize winner for “Virtual mode” is Miss. Madhu, Mayor of Coimbatore alias Scientist.

After hearing this announcement, Kajal became shocked and Vinayak was fainted. Yes!! Miss.Madhu was a culprit and submitted Vinayak’s project as her project for the nobel prize and fame. Vinayak woke up and shouted as “Noooooo!!!”

Suddenly he stood up and went to his office room. The nobel prize was glowing there. Yeah!!! All were dream of him. He was the winner of nobel prize for his great invention “Virtual mode transport”.

