Short Story – A Journey Trough Dream

© YourStoryClub.com

Years ago a time my father tried Self Hypnotism on me. I feel that is one type of meditation under one Guru’s eye and voice. However, that was a nice experience for me. I have experienced so many wonderful journeys that period of time. You can tell that as dream or something. But in my memory those are really a wonderful journey.

Yesterday I went Puri with my mother. We reached home at midnight and after having some delightful talk with my parents and had Avada (Mahaprasada of Puri Jagganatha temple, Odisha) we slept because of heat and tiredness as this is a day in summer.

In morning somewhere I dreamed one of dream of self hypnotism from my previous journey, but little different. In previous dream I went to some bright place that may be present or not with milky white clouds and I was walking on that cloud searching for a friend, a best friend. The same time I saw a palace made of same milky white thing and so many people came with same brightness. I can tell them as people because of the shape as I can’t see their face or recognise them. But I know they are my family member or nice people. One of them came to me and took my hand and told to me to go with him to some nice place where he (in my dream) wants to take me and show something. The time I reached near a door, my father called me back as they used to after some time of hypnotism will take effect.

That time I was unwilling to come back. I wanted to go through that door, also wanted to spend some time with that certain person. I was sad that I had so less time there, but my parents are worried and later they told I was gone for long time. In this journey soul used go for a journey as per comment according to my father. As he didn’t want to lose my soul they called me back to reality.

I don’t know how today in sleep I started the same journey from the place I left that day years ago. I was again with the same person, but he was full of question this time, when last time he didn’t talk anything accepts a command to follow him!! He was asking me how the journey to Puri was. I replied it is wonderful. I was really happy being there and went to Puri after a long time.

He asked me who you will watch when you remember your God.

I told “Radha Krishna”.

“Which you temple you want to go again and again?” he asked me.

I thought of so many place, but I always longs to go to “Puri” I replied.

He smiled. Then he talked, “last time what I want to show I want to show you this time.”

“Really!!!” I was surprised and happy too for some reason.

Then he told “whatever that I want to you to understand you have done so well!” and smiled again nodding.

I was thinking what have I done? Anything is wrong? If yes, what? And anything right, what was that?

Then we reached to the door in mean time and that was open. He told me to go ahead and look inside. I did the same. Then saw there are so many Pots with so many shapes and sizes. Some big, you can tell some of them are bigger or huge pots are made up of Mud and others are a lot smaller than that those mud pots, but of different sizes and made up of some shinning metal may be gold or silver. Some were looks like made up of shinning glasses or Diamond! I was scared looking at Mud pots. I thought those are filled with something black or dark brown things. I was happy to look at the metal things. First I thought may be because those are shinning as I like glittered things.

Wondering all these and eyes full of question I looked at the certain person who was standing beside me smiling and with great silence. He saw questions in my eyes. Before I ask them he gave me the answer.

“Those mud pots are the sorrows or bad times in your life which you have suffered and crossed through your courage and braveness”.

I was wondering so much I have gone through really! Hmm…..

Before I started wondering about the other pots, he started again “those pots are you happy times. I was thinking how you understood the concept that less people in this word can understand!”

I was standing watching the place and thinking what was that.

He continued, “Those pots of happiness are collected by you, do u remember?”

“Really!” I was surprised. “Though I remember I wanted to live all small happy moments trying to remember at the time of worse moments to help myself, so that I can come out of that.”

“Yes”, those are the happy moment that you stored in your heart. Can you look into those empty spaces?” he asked.

I just nodded dazzled by the shinny pots and his talks.

Then he told again “May be some more of those Mud pots will come to those places as bad times are unavoidable in life, but I am hoping you will collect some more gold or diamond pots of happy moments either big or small without any care of size and fill this room, so that Mud pots will bury in between them”. And he looked at me with full of hope and encouraged smile.

And the same time I woke because of morning sounds from Kitchen as my mother started cooking with full of Wonder and ear ringing with his voice.

Still his hopeful eyes which I thought I saw in that moment are in front my eyes and hoping I will do the same what he expected from me!

__END__

