First let you be well versed with your own narrator “vaibhav”.  I would have been of about 20 years now. Let’s test your knowledge. Did you find any mistake in second sentence? If yes then I would say you really have a good command on grammar but my dear readers believe me its correct. Moving on from this topic, I am introvert in character, but have many good friends. I don’t say that I am the most handsome guy or other self praise phrases. I just say that I am the apple of the eyes of my family and my friends.

Leaving this entire talk let us continue our quest to the unknown world. The world never observed but is still believed to exist. So all the readers don’t close your eyes and read carefully. People get ready to see the undiscovered, the untamed and of course the uninhabited world.

I still remember the day when all this began. Rather would call it as the worst day of my life. The day was October 28, 2015; it was also my birthday. It was a fine day with all climatic factors which favored a party. So when all my friends forced me, I invited them to my house. My house was not as large as a banquet hall but was enough to accommodate my 20 friends. The party was at its peak. The music, drinks, celebration, cake and fun was immense and enjoyable. Though I had many friends and I was in the good books of all of them, there was a gang of 6 members which I loved the most. All those were Ratish, Prerna, Malika, Lakshay, Virat and Kanika. Oh my god! Those were the best days. Friendship meant much more than anything else. If any friend would call at 3 am the also the other one will help him/her.

My gang and I had a lot of fun on that day. At midnight the crowd subsided and the gang was left alone.

And we all then started to unpack the gifts. Under the big blocks wrapped with sparkling covers there was a small and thin packet which attracted my attention. I picked it up and then started unwrapping it. There was an envelope and a letter within the packet. The letter addressed:-

Dear vaibhav

“I wish you a happy birthday. On your birthday I couldn’t come but here is a gift I am sending you and I hope that your beloved friends will join you too…”

All the best!!!!!

It was a little scary for all of us but still looked adventurous. On checking the envelope Ratish found out an antique map inside it. The map was of a city known as muraina. I immediately checked out on the Google maps about that place. Google located it as a small town near Gwalior. There were no tourist ratings for the place. After seeing all this I looked at each of my friend’s face. I said-“I hope you all are thinking the same thing which I am. Isn’t it?”

I saw the look of agreement on the faces of all my friends. We planned that we will go for shopping and then we will depart for muraina on 28 November.

Mr.X speaks-:

Welcome vaibhav welcome!!!!!

Welcome to the world of Mr.X. This century I will kill you and will break my curse.

I can’t wait for you to come…

Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!!!!!!!

…………….

(to be continued)

