Fiction Short Story – Unforgettable 

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I am starting this story by clearing away any faulty assumptions when people think of the time in which I lived they might think of wealthy nobles with white powdered wigs and red velvet coats prancing about,but with that assumption one might as well be looking through a keyhole.

This was the time of thinkers who invented things and argued philosophy and peasants who barely get by and the beggars that starve or drink themselves to death in the streets day and night, as well as thieves who would cut your throat for just the clothes on your body and the nobles that I mentioned before gave no thought or pity to these people while they go about with there care free lives which eventually led to a revolution. These times were indeed troublesome but for me things got worse. you see ,there was a thing that was threatened by these times.

And it chose me, it chose me for the sole purpose to guide and spread its evil so that those of you who think of my time as just the splendor that you think you know or the horror that I do but not along with this evil that refuses to be forgotten, you will be surprised by how little you really know. My earliest recollection of it seems fairly distinguished. Every detail accounted for and yet, nothing before it can I seem to ponder.

There I lay my little room on the flats of Paris. my straw mattress giving great comfort as they all did in these times, mind you that. What little embers left in the little hearth in my room had shrunken to tiny red specs like a loaf of bread leaves after it has been on the sill of a window too long. The quiet of the room seemed to have an eeriness to it unlike the nights before that I have spent in these quarters. I could, one would say feel an invisible presence outside my window,now I say invisible because there wasn’t the slightest detection of sound or even physical movement to confirm yet somehow I knew something was there.

A chill came to my spine while pondering this, but I hadn’t the mind for such things this was the age of logic and reason, no longer were the days of ghosts and witchcraft and superstition as they had been 100 years prior during the reign of king Louis XIV. Everything has a logical answer, Therefore I dismissed these accusations as bad wine that I had drunk before laying down for the night. I closed my eyes and Then it came to me: the voice .

It sounded like a young women I must’ve been dreaming for this was not the voice of a women or a mortal being it was too pure, too angelic. The softness in it surrounded me like a robe of satin. I soon to my surprise awoke, I was indeed asleep and realized that my surroundings had changed it was too dark to see much but I could make out shapes in the room. There was a bed and furniture and as my eyes adjusted I could make out the shape of the place, it was a circular room which meant we were somewhere in a tower. I could feel the floor beneath me, though probably stone, was a rug. The size of it I hadn’t known nor did it seem to matter. At last I was able to make out a window the faint light of the moon was unmistakable.

I dare not move though because not dismissible was the presence now, I felt it. Then with the wind it seemed to come to my ears, it was the voice. It definitely hadn’t had the same angelic pitch, but rather that of just a young woman. It was words that i had never heard before but I wasn’t educated in many foreign languages. But the plainness of it almost maddened me. I wanted the pleasure back that soft tone that made me feel so peaceful like nothing else matters. Then the talking ceased and sweet laughter filled the cold dark room. Then clear as it gets she spoke something I understood “you are the one, the one to guide me through this age.”

Her accent was of maybe old Europe, possibly that of Russian descent something one would hear in the times of the russian empire. She was standing there by the windowsill the faint moonlight illuminating just her form she was thin and had her hair drawn back because it hadn’t had the shape of bushing out. Then she lit a single candle and held it to her face. I was awestruck I knew the voice,the presence, her they were all the same. without a doubt. She was the fairest creature I had ever seen she had a thin face and blue eyes that glowed like diamonds her dark brown hair was drawn back into a single braid that reached down to her upper back. Her face was so sweet looking with high cheek bones yet very feminine features. Her lips glistened like a ruby in the light of the candle so small yet perfect they were on her face. She wore a black dress with a white lace trim.

There was only one word I wanted to use to describe her and that word was perfection. I wanted to go and let myself slip into her arms and feel her lips entwined with mine. She let out a soft laugh and said, as if she knew,” Yes my dearest come to me and forget everything else, come to me and I will hold you and place upon you my kisses.”

I was entranced I let myself give in. It was as if all my being was being swept to her,like a current taking me in a river so swift and before I knew it I embraced her. I fell into her arms and she held me. I felt like an infant being held by its mother for the first time having no idea who’s arms i am in just knowing that i’m safe with her. So soft was her skin, it was like being embraced by a silk blanket. I think I said out loud the most arrogant things but she laughed at them and I dismissed the improper behavior instant, and once it felt as if this could not be better she finally kissed me with lips even softer than her skin.

I could hear a low hum as our mouths touched and the sound was pure ecstasy adding to all the sensations already running through my being making them so beautiful I think I wept . She stopped the long moment of kissing though she did not pull away instead she stroked my hair and laid kisses upon my shoulder and worked her way to my neck the sensations grew even sweeter still from there. A sharp prick upon my neck that felt like the complete opposite,next a drum beat,no doubt in my mind I was weeping now like a child at the beauty of all these things.she drew her head back from my neck and these things grew dim.

The sensations stopped and I realized that I was unable to stand on my own, she was holding me up. My breaths were short and raspy, the moonlight was dimming from my sight. At that moment I understood fully the situation I had to summon a great deal of strength to say why?,why have you done this ,you whom was so sweet is now taking my life, she laughed and it pained me. I wheezed what’s so humorous about it you harpy…you succubus. I could feel my anger rising in me and she knew it as well. She hushed me by putting her finger to her lips and said to me “my dearest I am taking your life yes, but I offer you a new one, one that will never end and where you will always be young and never be harmed by disease nor death. In return you must use it for one purpose. you are a modern man are you not, you walk through this time of logic and reason like a river runs along its path,you are to be a guide to me because these things I do not quite grasp. In these times I require a companion, one whom can help me to blend with these ever changing times ahead as well as learning to cope with this age.”

I was unable to do any thing now but gasp a short word and that word was being wheezed numerous times over, no no no. She laughed again and again she angered me which gave me a little strength that I used to struggle with, but it was useless I was as trapped as a fly in a spiders web stuck with one option:accept the fate because there is no way out of it.

She said as if reading these thoughts “yes why struggle, why prolong your fate. Unlike a spider I am giving you a choice you can die now like a trapped fly or you can surrender to me and live for all time”

After that she bit open her wrist and while pressing the wound to my face said “now my dearest will you be the fly or become a spider”.

Her blood smelled like the sweetest perfume I’ve ever inhaled. I felt my body heat up at the first smell no doubt I thirsted I tried to resist all this but all I could hear from my body and my mind was: drink. At that instant her arm looked to me like a cool stream that I would go to on a hot day as a child and drink from. I could feel the cool refreshing water on my lips. I could bear it no longer I took her arm in my hands and drank from the wound in large swells. There it was again that beating drum and the feeling of it magnified tenfold to what it was before.

And I finally felt her purpose I finally knew everything I was dead but I never would feel more alive and I would love and spread this evil in a time that no one else would believe in it. And for all time afterwords.

__END__

