POKEMON SERIES 3: WEAVILE AND THE FIVE JEWELS

Photo credit: 

 from 

1 week later, the Infinity War, Team Pokémon won the war and defeated Darkrai. Harmony Restoration Movement was initiated to restore peace and balance to the world. Arceus went in sleep to heal himself. Mew, Mewtwo and others returned. Deoxys were missing yet. But in PKMN Federation –

 Grovyle: How good the peace is! For so long, we struggled for it, waited for it.

Pikachu: And now we had got it.

Grovyle: What’s your next plan?

Pikachu: I don’t know. May be I should return to the future….to my home….to my parents?

Grovyle: ……..

Pikachu: I’ll meet Mom, Dad and my people.

Grovyle: I am going to take a walk.

Pikachu: G…..

Bayleef: ….What’s up with him?

Grovyle left and Officer Magnezone enters.

Magnezone: Pikachu, Grovyle, Bayleef, Togekiss and Dusknoir and yes, Zoroark. Head for the Union. Commander Electivire has called you.

Bayleef: But why? And….Zoroark too.

Magnezone: Yes but I don’t know. That will be revealed once you got there. God Knows.

Pikachu was worried about Grovyle and he left without telling anyone. Bayleef went to the Gardenia City to call Dusknoir and

 others. Meanwhile,

Grovyle: So black the night is….The Future…We restored it….Changed the history…the black dark future is changed…We brought light to the world but what did we get in return?….Separation….

Mystery Voice: Grovyle, Don’t be sad.

Grovyle: Who said so? Reveal yourself.

Pikachu: Grovyle, What’s up with you? Why are you so upset?

Grovyle: Pikachu….I…

Pikachu: Grovyle….Are you weeping? Why?

Grovyle: I…I’m so happy for you. Prepare Pikachu to meet your family.

Pikachu: O! Grovyle. Thanks a lot.

Grovyle: Let’s return to the base.

Pikachu looked at the sky and said, “Grovyle, Look! A Shooting Star.”

Grovyle: [I wish we’ll stay together forever.]

Pikachu: [I wish Grovyle remain happy after my departure.]

Grovyle: Have you wished?

Pikachu: Indeed. So let’s head back to the base.

Then Grovyle and Pikachu headed back to the base and there, they met General Charizard who told them that Commander

 Electivire has called all the teams to the Union, every team including Team Charm, Raider, Thunder, Champion and Aqua and even Team Pokémon. Next dawn, Bayleef and others returned to base and then Team Pokémon went for the Pokémon Union. In the Union –

Commander Electivire: Welcome, Team Pokémon and our legendary Pikachu and Grovyle.

Pikachu: Thanks Commander.

Electivire: Come inside. Other Teams are waiting for you.

In the Union Room –

Others – Welcome, Team Pokémon.

Team Pokémon: Thanks everyone.

Electivire: Everyone, Please, Attention here. Last night, a shooting star passed the Poke’ world.

Pikachu: We saw that. It was very lustrous, bright and big.

Magmortar: It wasn’t only a Shooting star. It was a meteor that struck the Falcon Lake.

Everyone: What?

Electivire: Not only that, According to the Pokémon Analysis, that meteor contained in itself a mysterious genetic material.

Everyone: Genetic material….From outer space!

Magmortar: So, Pokémon Union and Pokémon Federation wanted all the teams to investigate upon that. We have sent that Genetic

 Material to the Analytics Centre. Team Pokémon, we have a special task for you i.e. you have to go to the Falcon Lake and

 investigate the Lake. Team Raider and Charm will go to the Legendary Island as Zapdos, Moltres and Articuno has called upon the Union for something. Team Thunder and Aqua will depart for the Dark Temple as we suspect Darkrai is alive. That’s all. Is it clear or not?

Everyone: Yes, Sir.

And then everyone went to sleep. Next day, Every Team went to accomplish the given task. Team Pokémon reached the Dragon’s

 Pass and finally reached Falcon Lake. They were shocked to see the Lake completely dry. Pikachu looked around and saw something sparkling in the ground. Dusknoir got that. It was like DNA fragment of something. Suddenly, it began to glow and then transformed into an Egg. They were confused. Togekiss retrieved the egg and then everyone returned to the base. Meanwhile, back at the Star site, a shadow emerged and said, “Finally, I am back again.”

Back at the base, Togekiss handed over the mysterious egg to Commander Electivire who sent the egg to the Analytics Centre.

 Magnemite reported that Team Thunder and Aqua had suddenly disappeared from the radar and are missing. Everyone was shocked. Has the shooting star any relation with the Team Thunder and Charm being missed?

 

Now: Team Pokémon and others learnt about Team Thunder and Charm getting missing. Team Pokémon once again went to the Glory Forest seeking Celebi but unfortunately they fell into a trap. Meanwhile, Officer Magnezone arrived at the Pokémon Union where he told them about the mysterious DNA and handed over them the Analytics Centre report. Later, Chief Magmortar was informed that Team Pokémon is missing too. He sent his troops in all directions in order to search for them.

Back in the Glory Forest, Weavile came there once again and said, “So Pikachu and Grovyle, Nice to meet you once again.” Everyone was shocked. Chief Magmortar arrived in the Glory Forest who was then attacked by Froslass and Seviper. All were ambushed and Weavile took Pikachu and Grovyle to his Cavern. There in the Cavern, they felt something.

Grovyle said, “That energy, somehow I know this place and the energy.”

Pikachu said, “Darkrai…Giratina…Zekrom….Zoroark…Kyurem….Arceus…The energy of all can be felt here.”

Weavile said, “Indeed, look at this…This Power Gem contains in itself the energy of the Creation Trio, Lord Arceus and Darkrai. You flowed water on my plans last time but not this time. I have returned to end you once and for all and for that, I’ll be helped by your old enemy. I lost my parents in the war you led and now, I’ll take revenge. I’ll use the Five Jewels to revive back my parents.”

Grovyle said, “Weavile, you are not getting away with this.”

Weavile said, “O! Who says that? You, who cannot free himself, who is defenseless and in so miserable condition and you call yourself Legendary Team Pokémon. What a disgrace!”

Pikachu said, “Weavile!”

Magmortar said, “Pikachu and Grovyle free you. Stop him.”

Grovyle used leaf storm but nothing happened. It seemed that their powers were gone.

Pikachu said, “What happened? We can’t use our powers.”

Weavile said, “It is due to the presence of my lord who is about to be resurrected.” Everyone was shocked.

Weavile said, “Now, my dream will become true. My parents will be revived back. Muahahaha…Revive back Lord Darkrai.”

Everyone said, “What? Lord….Darkrai…”

And then the Power Gem glows and a strange shadow emerged.

 

Weavile used the Power Gem and revived Darkrai back. Darkrai reappeared and said, “I am back again. Thanks Weavile. So Pikachu and Grovyle and Chief Magmortar…What should I do for you?”

Pikachu said, “Darkrai! What do you want now?”

Darkrai said, “Nothing. I am back again but for a good purpose…to revive back the parents of Weavile who died due to you.”

Grovyle said, “Darkrai, it was you who led the war not we. Weavile, don’t believe him; he’s using you only to get the Infinite Power once again. Please Weavile I request you.”

Weavile said, “Shut up! Take this…Psychic”

Team Pokémon fell unconscious. Darkrai and Weavile escape and went in search of Five Jewels. Meanwhile, back at the Pokémon Union, Officer Magnezone and Commander Electivire went in search for the Team Pokémon. In the Glory Forest, Team Pokémon regains consciousness. Pikachu said, “Ugh…Grovyle, wake up. Are you okay?”

Grovyle said, “Yep I am. Where is Weavile?”

Pikachu said, “He escaped along with …Oh! No, Darkrai…”

Grovyle said, “We need to get out of here and inform the Pokémon Union about it.”

Pikachu said, “Where is Chief Magmortar?”

Grovyle said, “I don’t know.”

Pikachu said, “He’s missing too.”

Grovyle said, “Let’s return to the Union and tell everyone about the return of Darkrai.”

Then Team Pokémon headed back for the Union. They reached the Union only to see that Darkrai has got control over the Union and had captured all the Officers. Grovyle saw Magmortar there and moved towards him. He said, “Chief, What happened to you? Where is Darkrai?”

Magmortar said, “Darkrai and Weavile had invaded the Union and they are at the Union Room.”

Team Pokémon went in the Union where they saw Darkrai and Weavile attacking Officer Magnezone and Metagross.

Pikachu said, “Darkrai Stop! You are over.”

Darkrai said, “Who says so? O! Pikachu and Grovyle, Should I laugh at it or weep at it?”

Grovyle said, “Darkrai, go away from here otherwise we will seal you.”

He said, “Really, today’s new moon night and without the so called Cresselia you can’t stop me. Take this…Nightmare.”

Pikachu dodged the move but Weavile captured him and in a moment, Darkrai and Weavile took control of the Pokémon Union. Somehow, Commander Electivire managed to use the Fail-Safe system and protected the DNA. Darkrai and Weavile destroyed the Union forcing everyone to leave the place. Magneton sent the information to the Pokémon Federation which in turn declared emergency all over the Poke World. Darkrai captured Officer Magnezone, Commander Electivire, Chief Magmortar and others while he gave a chance to Team Pokémon to run away and protect them. Team Pokémon ran away to the Nightfall Forest where they were joined by Dusknoir.

At the same time, in the Pokémon Federation, Bayleef and Togekiss told everything to Mew and Lucario. Meanwhile back at the Union, Darkrai said, “We have to resurrect the Pokémon from that DNA. Once I got the first jewel, I will use its power to invade the Grand Canyon. …..For Once, if I came to know about that mysterious Pokémon, I won’t hesitate to bring Arceus down. Muahahaha….”

 

Previously: Darkrai returned and invaded the Pokémon Union – captured everyone and destroyed the Union – Team Pokémon escaped to the Nightfall Forest – In the Pokémon Federation Bayleef and Togekiss told everything to Mew and Lucario – Darkrai begins his quest to bring down Arceus.

Now: Team Pokémon is joined by Dusknoir in the Nightfall Forest. They went towards a safer place. Dusknoir took them to the Ruins where they stayed for the night. Pikachu asked Dusknoir what he was doing there.

Dusknoir said, “I was teleported by Mew here. She told me about Darkrai and Weavile and ordered me to help you that are why. Actually, I came here to search about the mysterious energy that is felt to have been emerging from here since the meteor strike.”

Grovyle said, “You mean that the meteor has some relation with that mysterious energy, Team Thunder and Charm being missing and Darkrai’s plan and the DNA as well.”

Dusknoir said, “Yep. Not only that, the meteor has disturbed the stability of the world too.”

Pikachu said, “We have to do something. Grovyle!”

Dusknoir and Grovyle were surprised why he shouted so. Pikachu said, “Look! The Ruins…are radiating Aura…”

Grovyle said, “How beautiful! Wait!”

Dusknoir said, “What happened?”

Grovyle took out his Relic Stone and said, “The indentation looks same, isn’t it?”

Dusknoir asked Grovyle where he found it. Grovyle said, “As I remember, it was upon this fashion. One evening, I was roaming in the Glory Forest when I happened to find a cavern. I was surprised as I knew about the Forest and there had been no such cavern. Being curious, I entered into the Cavern. The cavern was very beautiful, adorned with jewels and crystals. I spotted something lustrous so I went towards it and found this stone. When I touched it, I heard a voice saying that…….Umm”

Pikachu asked him what it was. Grovyle said, “I didn’t remember but some words I can say…The voice told me that this Relic stone is important and should be protected from the wrong hands.”

Dusknoir said, “I think we should explore that Cavern once again.”

Grovyle said, “Actually, the Cavern is lost now.”

Pikachu said, “Should we explore these ruins?”

Grovyle said, “That’s a good idea. As the ruins and the stone bears the same indentation, may be both are related?”

Pikachu said, “Then, we’ll explore it tomorrow.”

Everyone said, “Let’s do it.”

Team Pokémon went to sleep. Meanwhile back at the Union, Darkrai and Weavile came to know about the First Jewel which was the Relic Stone. Darkrai remembered and said, “When Zoroark was in my side, he told me about the Relic Stone which was on Grovyle. Zoroark battled with Grovyle due to which Relic Stone fell and he took it and ran to the Beach Cave. He told me everything but now…That puny Zoroark, how he dared to betray me?”

Weavile interrupted and said, “That means we are going to meet Grovyle once again.”

Froslass came there and told them that Grovyle, Dusknoir and Pikachu are in Nightfall Forest near the Relic Ruins.

Darkrai said, “Weavile, Froslass, Come with me. It’s for the Reunion with my old enemy – Grovyle. Let’s snatch the Relic Stone and move towards the Victory. Muahahaha…”

Next dawn, Grovyle and Pikachu went in the Relic Ruins followed by Dusknoir. The three explored every floor and finally reached the Final Floor where they saw a Pokémon, completely frozen. Grovyle moved towards it, Dusknoir shouted, “No! Grovyle, Don’t.”

Pikachu said, “What are you saying Dusknoir? May be he’ll be our friend. But how did he get here? That’s the question.”

Grovyle said, “The answer will be got by us only by thawing him out of the ice.”

Team Pokémon thawed the ice and the Pokémon came out. A blue light emerged out in the sky almost destroying the ruins. Grovyle asked him who he was.

The Pokémon said, “I am Cobalion – The legendary Swordsman and one of the Swordsman Trio.”

Pikachu asked him how he got there. Cobalion said, “I was told that Kyurem is returning once again so I came here to protect the Relic Ruins from him but mysteriously, I got freeze and then…I was found by you. Thanks!”

Pikachu was about to say but suddenly, Darkrai and Weavile invaded the Ruins.

Darkrai said, “So Grovyle and Pikachu How are you?”

Grovyle said, “Darkrai!”

Weavile said, “Lord Darkrai, Look! Isn’t it Cobalion of the Legendary Swordsman Trio?”

Froslass said, “Lord Darkrai, Seviper and Sableye has arrived. Let’s raid the Ruins and get the First Jewel.”

Cobalion said, “What! The First Jewel…” Darkrai said, “Grovyle, hand it over to me.” Everyone was surprised and confused as well. Darkrai said, “Don’t pretend to be innocent as you know nothing. Give the Relic Stone to me that you have…The First Jewel of Arceus.” Cobalion said, “You have the First Jewel…part of Arceus and one of the Five Jewels of Universe. You traitor…” Pikachu said, “No we are not the traitor. Grovyle just found it in a Cavern in Glory Forest.” Suddenly Darkrai and Weavile attacked Grovyle. Dusknoir battled with Froslass. Pikachu battled with Cobalion trying to calm him down but Cobalion’s rage was too much. Darkrai attacked Grovyle with his Exclusive attack and Grovyle fainted. Mew and Zoroark appeared there. Mew calmed down Cobalion and told him everything while Zoroark attacked Darkrai. Darkrai said, “How now? Zoroark. You betrayed me last time. See my new friend who is helping me.” Zoroark said, “Weavile, How fool you are to believe that cruel evil Darkrai.” Weavile and Darkrai attacked Zoroark who was shielded by Pikachu and Dusknoir. The three together attacked Darkrai and got the Relic Stone. Grovyle woke up and took the Relic Stone. Froslass and Sableye attacked Dusknoir and captured him. Darkrai wanted to end that forever so he used his final blow and ended Grovyle. He took the Relic Stone and ran away. Grovyle was dying. Pikachu ran towards him.

 Grovyle said, “Pikachu, I am sorry. I have to leave now.” Pikachu said, “No! Grovyle, Please hold on, We’re friends for life.” Grovyle said, “We were, we are and we will. Pikachu, Thank you for having me as your friend…For helping me till now….For staying with me even at the extremes. The rest is in your hands…. Thank you Pikachu…” Pikachu said, “Grovyle!” And then the two friends got separated forever. Grovyle vanished and Pikachu sobbed and wept. Even the Pokémon of the Forest began to weep at the scene. Pikachu ran towards Mew and said, “Please Mew, you can bring him back. Please, bring him back to life.” Mew said, “I will if I can but destiny cannot be changed.” Pikachu said, “Mew, we saved your life several times, we saved this world twice. We restore the future, changed the history and when we needed the help of you, you are refusing just by saying Philosophical words. Shame on you, Mew.” Zoroark said, “Calm down Pikachu.” Pikachu said, “Calm down. How dare you? You can’t understand how it hurts to have your friend gone forever…My best friend Grovyle…” Pikachu ran away crying and weeping. Even the sky began to weep with him. Mew said, “It’ll take time for him to calm the storm in him. We need to be patience with him.” Meanwhile, Darkrai said, “We got the First Jewel, Grovyle is dead, Pikachu is shocked and now Team Pokémon is dismantled. Our Victory is now clear.” Weavile was sad in himself. Will Pikachu get out of his sadness or Darkrai will use it to get the 2nd Jewel?

 At the Union, The mysterious DNA began to glow. The egg was about to hatch. Pikachu, in the Nightfall Forest, was thinking about Grovyle and his good days. He was thinking their battle with Groudon and Kyogre that they called Rayquaza, saved Mew and Gardenia city, that they went to the Future together and faced Darkrai several times, changed the history. Pikachu wept and thought if he cannot be helped by anyone, he would not help anyone. Suddenly, Darkrai attacked him. Pikachu asked him what he wanted then. Darkrai said, “I am here to send you to the world where is your friend. Prepare to die.” Darkrai was about to end him, Mew appeared there and stopped Darkrai. Cresselia came at the moment and captured Darkrai but they came to know that it was only an illusion. Cresselia told everyone that the DNA was of Deoxys who were under the control of Darkrai, if they wouldn’t stop him, he would use the energy of Deoxys to get the 2nd jewel. Mew said, “Oh no! Pikachu, we need your help.” But Pikachu was not there. He went away somewhere. Mew and others were anxious for him. Meanwhile, back at the Union, Darkrai captured Deoxys and said, “So Deoxys – DNA Pokémon, I have heard about you that you can change your form.” Deoxys said, “Darkrai, what do you want now?” Darkrai said, “Me, O! Nothing too much. I need only your DNA to get the 2nd Jewel of Arceus to restore life to Weavile’s Parents.” Deoxys said, “No you can’t. You can never get it from me.” Darkrai said, “O! Really, then look at this. This is the Cosmo Plate that I got from the Meteor that struck the Falcon Lake.” Darkrai used the Cosmo Plate at Deoxys who cried and said, “What are you doing?” Darkrai said, “Just draining your energy and storing it into the Cosmo Plate for future use.” Pikachu was still moving towards the North while Mew and others were searching for him. Mew said, “We should not waste our time in searching for Pikachu. Let’s move to the Union to stop Darkrai otherwise Deoxys’ energy will…” Cresselia interrupted and said, “Mew, you and Lucario should go to the Union while I will go look for Pikachu.” Zoroark said, “That’s a good idea. We need Pikachu in order to stop Darkrai.” Back at the Union, Darkrai drained all the energy of Deoxys whose body began to glow and then Deoxys released themself and a blast took place. Mew saw that blast and then understood that Deoxys has come into his Attack form. Mew and Lucario were teleported to the Union where they saw Darkrai and Deoxys. Deoxys was extremely enraged and attacked Weavile and Darkrai as well. Mew came in between to calm him down but it failed. Darkrai said, “My plan worked. Deoxys destroy this world once and for all and then with the Cosmo Energy, I will build a new world where Weavile will have his parents.” Weavile was shocked. Mew and Lucario attacked Darkrai to stop that but Weavile came in between. Deoxys destroyed the whole Union building and was moving to Gardenia. Mew, finally attacked Darkrai and got the Cosmo plate. Meloetta appeared there and used her move ‘Relic Song’. Darkrai fell asleep and Mew used the Cosmo Plate on Deoxys and then Deoxys regained control over themself. Deoxys said, “Mew, I am really sorry for that.” Mew said, “It is okay, Deoxys. Now go to the Wish Cave and have your throne.” Lucario said, “I will declare that Deoxys has returned.” Mew, Deoxys and Lucario went away from there. Darkrai regained consciousness and scolded Weavile for doing nothing. Darkrai’s plan was vain. Weavile decided to help Darkrai in getting the other 4 jewels. Meanwhile, in the Nightfall Forest – Cresselia said, “Mew, I searched everywhere but I found him nowhere.” Lucario said, “Is it possible that no one had marked him?” Mew said, “Where will he be?” Everyone was anxious about Pikachu. What will be the next move of Darkrai? Will Pikachu change his mind or Darkrai will succeed?

 [TO BE CONTINUED]

 

 

 

Now: Pikachu was still moving towards the North. Meanwhile, Darkrai put his plan into action. He sent Froslass and Sableye to end Pikachu. Mew and Lucario were still searching for Pikachu. But Pikachu was moving and moving. He wanted to revive Grovyle back at any cost so he went in search of the Five Jewels without thinking about the consequences. He arrived at the Luminous Spring of which he was told. Pikachu recalled that once, Torkoal – the village elder told him about the Luminous Spring. He remembered that Torkoal told him that Luminous Spring is the source of Evolutionary Energy. It was created by Arceus – Creator of the Universe and he put on of the Five Jewels in it. Suddenly, Pikachu was Grovyle there. He ran towards it and shouted, “Grovyle”. But he learnt that it was just an illusion. He became sad. Meanwhile, Mew and Lucario met Xatu. Mew said, “Xatu, We need your help.” Xatu said, “I know everything. But why didn’t you help Pikachu? You could revive Grovyle but why you refused?” Mew said, “It was the destiny of Grovyle that can’t be changed.” Xatu said, “Destiny! Leave it. I know you are here to know about Pikachu.” Lucario said, “Then Please, Xatu, tell us.” Xatu said, “Pikachu has gone to revive back Grovyle.” Lucario said, “What?” Xatu said, “Yes, being disappointed, he is on his way to the North, the source of Evolution…”Lucario said, “You mean, the Luminous Spring.” Xatu said, “Yes, Arceus created the Luminous Spring and put one of the Five Jewels in it which gives the Energy to evolve to all the Pokémon.” Zoroark came there and said, “Darkrai is moving towards the North to end Pikachu.” Everyone was shocked so they went towards the Luminous Spring. Meanwhile, back at the Luminous Spring, Pikachu was thinking what was told by Torkoal. He said, “Torkoal told me that Arceus created Five Jewels – Jewel of Energy, Evolution, Life, Nature, and Prosperity. These Five Jewels were located at different places. Jewel of Energy was the Relic Stone of Grovyle; Jewel of Evolution must be at the Luminous Spring.” Pikachu understood what he needed to do. He decided to go to the Luminous Spring and get that Jewel before Darkrai. So he moved on. Froslass and Sableye along with Darkrai and Weavile reached the Luminous Spring. Darkrai said, “This is the place where our fish is coming.” Meanwhile, Mew and Lucario were teleported to the Northern Range and then they moved to the Luminous Spring. Pikachu finally arrived at the Snowfall Forest where he met Eevee. Gardevoir appeared there. Pikachu said, “Gardevoir! What are you doing here?” Gardevoir said, “I’m here to save you from someone. Darkrai is about to end you. Go away from here.” Pikachu said, “Even Death himself cannot stop me from getting my friend back.” Gardevoir said, “Then Pikachu, I’m coming too.” Pikachu and Gardevoir together reached the Luminous Spring. Such a beautiful place. A ray of light was emerging from the Centre of the spring. Pikachu said, “I’ve never felt such a tremendous energy in my whole life. It feels so good. I’m feeling so energetic that I want to evolve right now into Raichu.” Suddenly, Darkrai came out and said, “Not now my dear Pikachu. Why is the hurry? Why is the rush? It’s time for the last battle between you and me. Let’s end this once and for all. And at the end, I’ll emerge as the Victor.” Pikachu said, “Let the time judge the winner. Darkrai, I’ll never forgive you for what you did to my best friend.” Weavile said, “And you expect me to forgive everyone who killed my parents…my parents who died in the war due to you and all the Legendaries.” Pikachu said, “You are really a fool to believe on Darkrai.” Darkrai said, “Froslass, Weavile and Sableye, Attack this puny thing now and end him.” Weavile, Froslass and Sableye attacked him. Suddenly, Mew and Lucario came there and shielded him. Pikachu and Darkrai were shocked. Mew said, “Darkrai, all your work are in vain. You can never get success in your plans.” Darkrai said, “Mew and Lucario, Get out of my way. The Five Jewels are mine.” Then Darkrai attacked everyone. Cresselia came there and captured Darkrai but he escaped leaving Weavile, Sableye and Froslass alone. Weavile was shocked to see that. Mew said, “That’s the true nature of fake friend, Darkrai whom you think your friend, from whom you expected that he will help you. Do you still believe on him?” Weavile decided to move on the separate way and went in search of the other Jewels. The three left. Pikachu said, “Why are you here? To see that Am I died or not.” Mew said, “Why are you saying so?” Pikachu said, “That’s the truth. You betrayed me as well as Grovyle. We helped you so much but you left us alone. Just leave me alone.” Pikachu used Electro Ball and ran away. Gardevoir followed him and stopped him. Mew said, “Then Pikachu what do you want now?” Pikachu said, “Now, my only aim is to bring back my friend Grovyle by hook or by crook.” Pikachu was enraged and said, “If anyone, even you, came in my way, I won’t hesitate to bring you down.” Everyone was shocked. Then he went away. Lucario said, “Mew, Please, Revive Grovyle back otherwise unthinkable will happen.” Xatu appeared there and said, “We have already lost our one warrior and now, I don’t want to lose another warrior. Mew, you can do it. Change the destiny.” Mew said, “I can’t Please, believe me.” Xatu said, “But why can you not?” Mew said, “Because it will disturb the balance of the world. The Jewel of Life will get destroyed forever.” Everyone said, “What?” Mew said, “Yes, Lord Arceus created the Five Jewels but only to control the Poke world in his absence. The Jewel of Energy controls the flow of wind, water, controls the fire and all the energies. The Jewel of Evolution controls the evolution of all the Pokémon. The Jewel of Life controls the Life and Death of all Pokémons. The jewel of Nature and Prosperity controls the Nature. If the Life and Death Cycle is disturbed, it will not only disturb the cycle but it will also end life in the Poke world.” Lucario said, “What?” Mew said, “That’s the reason. I cannot revive Grovyle on the cost of all other lives.” Xatu said, “Then how will we be going to stop Pikachu and Darkrai?” Pikachu, silently, listened to everything and understood the situation but he was still angry with Mew and others so he decided to get the 2nd jewel from the Luminous Spring. Weavile, Froslass and Sableye went in search of the 3rd Jewel. Darkrai was planning to attack Luminous Spring once again. The night came, back at the spring, Mew and Lucario weren’t asleep. They were conversing about how to bring Pikachu back to his senses. Lucario said, “The Five Jewels…Why Arceus created them? For how long time, we struggled for the peace and once we got it, again, war is going on. When will we get peace?” Mew said, “Peace and War are the two sides of the same coin. Peace cannot exist without war. We should focus our mind on the situation. Meanwhile, Pikachu was sleeping and saw a dream. He saw a mysterious deer like creature who said, “Pikachu, I know you are upset for your friend’s death and I know you want to get the five Jewels to revive him back but don’t do that. I’m warning you if the five jewels are taken together at the same place, you cannot imagine what kind of chaos will be unleashed over the world. Everything will fall imbalance. The world will end. Please, don’t do that. Listen to your heart. His death is one side of the coin, look at the other side.” Back at the camp, Mew said, “The 2nd Jewel…is located in the Luminous Spring just before us but a mysterious energy field protects it.” Xatu came there and said, “He’s coming.” Mew asked who. Xatu said, “Darkrai…To get the revenge and the 2nd Jewel as well.” Lucario said, “He alone can do nothing.” Xatu said, “Not alone, he’s coming with a large army of Sableye and Seviper and Crobat.” Everyone was shocked.

 Will Darkrai succeed in getting the Jewel of Evolution or Pikachu will return to save the day?

 

 Now: Darkrai invaded the Luminous Spring with all his army. Mew and Lucario and Xatu too, put a brave defense against the army. Gardevoir felt that someone was coming towards her, suddenly; Darkrai came there.

 Darkrai – “How are you, Gardevoir? It’s time to get the Jewel of Evolution.”

 Gardevoir – “Darkrai, Why are you doing this?”

 Darkrai – “Gardevoir, you can’t understand. Out of my way, I’ll do it myself. If you try to come in my way, I will end you permanently.”

 Gardevoir – “Darkrai, What do you think you are?”

 Then Darkrai moved towards the Luminous Spring. Gardevoir attacked him but she fell prey to his Nightmare and got captured. Darkrai saw the Jewel glowing blue deep beneath the spring. Darkrai was about to get the Jewel. Meanwhile, Mew and Lucario were trying to stop the army but they failed so they sent Xatu to stop Darkrai. Back at the spring, Pikachu arrived and said, “Darkrai, stay away from the Jewel. It’s not yours.”

 Darkrai – “You say so. O! Pikachu, Sweet Pikachu, Miserable Pikachu, you have no chance against me.”

 ??? – “May be he won’t have any chance but not me?”

 Darkrai – “Who dares to insult me at my face? Reveal yourself.”

 ??? – “Look here. I am Absol. It’s over Darkrai, you are outnumbered.”

 Darkrai – “Even the creator of the universe stood no chance against me. With the jewel of Evolution, I will get control of the immense energy of the world.”

 And then, someone arrived there and said, “Darkrai, do you think you can get the jewel?”

 Pikachu – “Who is she?”

 Absol – “She is Eevee, the only Pokémon, who have mastered the Evolution. She is the only one who could evolve in seven forms.”

 Darkrai – “So the Master of Evolution is before me. Then let it begin…”

 Suddenly, Mew, Lucario and Xatu appeared there and captured Darkrai. Darkrai said, “How dare you to capture me?”

 Mew said, “Just as you dare to get the Jewel.”

 Darkrai said, “Mew, Lucario, Xatu, Pikachu, Eevee and Absol, I’ll return again and then the world will be mine.” Darkrai went away once again. Pikachu turned and started moving towards the North. Mew said, “Pikachu, we need you.” Pikachu said, “Then make my wish true. Revive Grovyle, back to his existence.” Mew called Dialga, Palkia and Rayquaza there to convince Pikachu. They came there.

 Rayquaza – “Pikachu, try to understand the situation. We know everything and we can bring him back but this will disturb the balance of the world.”

 Pikachu – “But Dialga, you could bring him back to his life.”

 Dialga – “If at any cost, I bring him back, that will result in the distortion of Time and Space.”

 Giratina came there and said, “Not only that, the Fabric of Space will collapse and then…”

 Mew said, “That’ll result in the end of the world.”

 Pikachu said, “I…” Then Pikachu cried, “Grovyle!” Everyone was sad for him. Reshiram said, “Pikachu, See the truth, forgive yourself and others, let the grief flow away and get on your way to defeat Darkrai.” Pikachu was silent. Mew asked him what his plan is. Pikachu agreed upon them and decided to stop Darkrai and protect the Jewels. Then all the Legendaries returned to their places. Pikachu went with Absol to meet Eevee. They reached the Great Tree where Eevee was. It was mid-night time. The crescent moon was looking at the spring to help the Pokémons. Under the tree,

 Pikachu – “Eevee, Absol told me that you were the Master of Evolution.”

 Eevee – “It’s true. I mastered evolution and it took 50 years of daily practice to me. This Luminous spring gave me the strength to master it. Now, I can evolve in seven forms.”

 Pikachu – “What are they?”

 Eevee – “Flareon, Vaporeon, Espeon, Umbreon, Leafeon, Glaceon, Jolteon and now, I have got enough practice and energy to evolve into a new form. I evolve using different stones that have the power of Evolution.”

 Absol – “Then what is Jewel of Evolution?”

 Eevee – “The Jewel of Evolution is the source of Evolutionary Energy while these Stones serve as a way to get it. To get the Jewel of Evolution, one has to get the Seven Evolution stones.”

 Absol – “It means Darkrai cannot get the Jewel until he got all the Evolution Stones.”

 Eevee – “Yep, because the evolution stones are needed to open the Evolution Alpha.”

 Pikachu – “That means we still have a chance to stop him.”

 Eevee – “Not only him but also to revive back your friend. I know the location of one stone.”

 Pikachu – “Which one?”

 Eevee – “The Water Stone…It is found beneath the Fiana Sea, located in the north of Rainbow Peak.”

 Absol – “Then we are going to get the Water Stone.”

 Meanwhile, Mew and Lucario planned an invasion at the Pokémon Union to stop Darkrai and get the Jewel of Energy from him. Back at the Union, Darkrai decided to end Eevee and Pikachu so he went to the Luminous Spring where they were. Pikachu and Eevee met Lucario and Xatu and told them everything. Mew agreed and then the five except Xatu went in search of Water Stone. Xatu returned to Gardenia to help Shaymin planning an Invasion. Eevee and the friends arrived at the Sea where they met Unfezant and Oshawott. Suddenly, Darkrai attacked them.

 Darkrai – “We met again. Take this Nightmare.”

 Oshawott shielded everyone and attacked Darkrai but his energy was drained. Darkrai was enraged. He used his powers and the Jewel of Energy to drain the power of all Pokémons. Unfezant and several other Pokémons died. Pikachu fell unconscious and Darkrai took Eevee away. Mew and Lucario got the Water Stone and returned to the shore where they became shocked to see that scene. Mew woke up Pikachu by giving him some energy. Lucario asked about Eevee and others. Pikachu – “Darkrai attacked us and took away Eevee.”

 Everyone was surprised. So they went chasing Darkrai to the Luminous Spring. Meanwhile, at the Luminous Spring,

 Darkrai – “So you have mastered to manipulate the Evolutionary Energy.”

 Eevee – “Aye and you are going down.”

 Darkrai – “No, it’s you who are going down. You can see I have got the Jewel of Energy and with that, I will destroy you as well as that Pikachu.”

 Eevee – “You’ll never succeed in your scheme.”

 Eevee attacked Darkrai but it was her mistake. Darkrai read her mind and learnt everything about the Jewel of Evolution. Eevee – “What did you do to me?”

 Darkrai – “Nothing, I just read your mind and now, I know how to succeed. Muahahaha…”

 Eevee – “Darkrai! I’ll….”

 Darkrai – “Now, you are of no use to me. Ampharos, take good care of her.” Ampharos paralyze Eevee and captured her. Pikachu and others arrived there but fall into a trap. They were ambushed by Darkrai’s army.

 How will Pikachu get out of it? Or Will Darkrai succeed in his scheme? What happened to Eevee?

Select Page below to Continue Reading…

