Short CRIME STORIES: Blood Pool

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today was supposed to be my day off work but instead I’m knee deep in a murder investigation.

 Domino City High school was hosting its first round of thier annual swimming competition. What am I doing here u ask, well it’s my day off and swimming is one of my favourite pass times. The arena was filled with people buzzing wit excitement, the perfect backdrop for a sinister deed.

The swimmers lined up awaiting the staring signal. Bang! it went and splash! went the waters. A moment after I heared a woman scream out, “Blood!”. The water was filled with the red liquid, people started to panic, the swimmers rushed out the water and in a moments notice the arena was filled with medics.

A young boy was found dead in the pool, his body lifeless and covered in blood. Since I was first on the scene and saw the whole thing unfold, I took up the investigation as lead detective. The first order of business was to find out what really happened. I returned back to the crime scene for clues but found nothing. It seemed like this was a crime with no start point, only a gruesome end.

I decided to investigate the deceased victim. According to the examination of the body, young David Anderson died from a sniper rifle bullet to the spine. I spoke to his parents but they were as mystified as I was. They couldn’t understand why anyone would murder their son.

A week went by with no leads. The school decided to resume the swimming competition. The murder struck again and just as before a body was founded inside a pool of blood. This time the victim was a female, Victoria Vale, death also due to a sniper rifle bullet to the spine. Things were getting out of hand, this mystery murderer had to be stopped. The question was how?

I spoke to the school personnel regarding the murders. I gained nothing useful, but a conversation with the swimming coach boggled my mind. He seemed anxious and uncomfortable when he spoke to me, as if he was hiding something. My gut told me he was the mystery murder so I investigated him further. Mr Frank Donaldson, retired Olympic swimmer turned high school swimming coach. He’s also a member of a small game hunting club called the Domino Rangers. I was almost certain that I’d found my guy but I still needed proof and a motive. I managed to convince the school to hold another round of the competition in hopes that the murderer would strike again and I would catch him red handed.

The day had come. Everything was set in motion. I had undercover officers in, around and outside the school. We covered every possible angle. To my surprise Donaldson showed up in the arena. I started to think the whole operation would be a bust. One of my men informed me of a suspicious civilian heading towards an old building across the school overlooking the swimming arena. I immediately ran to the site and. I stealthily followed the suspect inside the building. He entered a room in the building’s highest floor. He took out a sniper rifle and position it near a window. As he was about to aim, I burst in and made the arrest. The suspect was Thomas Donaldson, son of Frank Donaldson. In his confession he said “I killed them because they stole my father away from me, he only cared about them, his precious team.”

The young man was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment. A month after the case ended, a bouquet of flowers arrived at my office with a note. “This isn’t over detective, I’ll see you soon. ”

__END__

