Friends Short Story – Dreamy betrayal by my friends

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I woke up from my sleep and saw myself tied up to a tree with thick ropes. I really hoped it to be a dream. How the hell I reached here?

I looked around and saw nothing but only trees and bushes as my neighbors. Then three guys approached me. Two of them looked known to me but the third was….I was not able to re collect anything. May be they have infused me with opium.

The third guy appeared to be a crook (like the villain of a Bollywood movie). All the three guys were asking me several questions of which I was not able to answer anything. I was just looking at them one by one. The two friendly guys appeal was decent towards me but again the third one was spine-chilling and at one point I thought that they would kill me. But one thing was haunting me – how on earth did I reach here?The last thing I remember was that I was sleeping happily and safely in my abode but the next morning I am here in a jungle and tied up to a tree with three guys whose intentions were unknown to me….

The crooked guy’s patience level was drying out. I turned around towards the two friendly guys and asked them that how I am here in the jungle. They replied but I could not understand a single word. May be the drug was overdosed. After several attempts of decoding I realized what they were saying. According to them me and the two friendly guys were friends and the crooked guy had kidnapped me. But my senses were not helping me because of the drug overdose. It was killing me mentally.

I told the two guys who claimed to be my friend to beat up the third guy. They replied but my mind was not able to catch their words. Everything was confusing. Now the crooked guy was becoming restless and was staring at me like a beast…but then he took out a knife and pointed it towards me.

What were my FRIENDS doing?

I saw my friends running away from me, away from the crooked guy, away from the jungle. But the crooked guy did not seem to be bothered and he had all my attention. I felt I was a hen and he is a butcher. His eyes and his knife were looking thirsty. The knife looked new without any scratch mark on it. Slowly the distance between me and the knife was decreasing.

Suddenly he lifted his hand and was about to hit me..but a miracle happened(miracles do happen). My cell phone rang and it was one of the two friend’s calling me who ran away from the scene without saving me. Then I realized that I was dreaming.

Then I got up and got ready for my usual day but I had one mission today that is to slap hard the two guys oh sorry my two friends who just betrayed me in my dreams……

–END–

