It was 2 am when I first heard the noise. THUMP….. THUMP……  It was coming from outside. I looked out my bedroom window. I see my neighbor’s dog. He was barking at something deep in the shadows. I put on my glasses to see clearer. It wasn’t something….. It was someone. From what I could make out, it was an extremely tall, hooded figure with horrific red eyes. Then 

I heard the sound again. THUMP……THUMP……… It was getting closer. He was getting closer.

I run downstairs to lock the door. I make it in time and take a step back from the door after successfully locking it. THUMP……..THUMP……… He’s right outside the door. BANG! A sickle like weapon bursts through the middle of the door. The door flies off its hinges to reveal a man in a black cloak. He was holding the sickle in his right hand and had glowing red eyes. I was paralyzed with fear. He cam closer. I managed to make a run for the kitchen. I hid behind the island unit.

THUMP…………THUMP……….. He was coming down the hallway. As if he took a sledgehammer and smashed into the island unit, it broke. I ran through the living room, back towards the stairs. I sprinted up the stairs towards the bathroom. As if it did anything, I locked the door behind me. I jumped into the bath and pulled the shower curtain behind me.I curled up into a ball. BANG! There goes my bathroom door. I feel his presence. He slowly pulls back the shower curtain. I look up into his eyes. It was as if i was staring death himself in the face. There was nothing there but glowing, red eyes. Suddenly the bath starts filling with water. I start to scream.

I wake up in my bed. I check for any marks or if the figure slashed me. Nothing. I walk down to the kitchen. Everything was fine. I thought it must’ve been a dream. I poured a glass of water and took two of my per-scripted tablets. I walked into the sitting room and turned on the TV. 

“Breaking news. Ellie Connors aged 17, has been found dead in her bathtub. Autopsy reports say she slit her wrists and bled out until early the next morning, where she ended up drowning after sliding under the water. Friends of the victim say she was severely depressed after the death of her twin brother, Jordan. Statement from those friends say that she was always saying how she wanted it to end, but they didn’t think she meant her life”.

I turn around. There he is. I sit down in the chair beside him. Finally, I am reunited with him. My beloved brother Jordan.

–END–

