Daily at the streets of Indore every night someone used to die. Nobody knew what had happened to the streets of Indore. Those people who used to go from the streets at night in the taxi used to die. After all this things when it reached till Mr. Mukherjee, he decided to close all the streets except one and the trucks , cars and buses will go from the subways.

But the road which was given was open was also not safe because to cross the road there was a level crossing. When Mr. Mukherjee sends black commandoes to the level crossing, they discovered that all this things was done by a big gang of kidnappers. Once they were caught red handed. They were sent to prison and sentenced to death. After some investigation all the roads were reopen and the road which was open at that time was given the name ‘relief’.

One day when, a lady was running on the road ‘relief’ and suddenly a taxi came and hit the lady. The lady had wore her marriage dress, she died that second, the driver got afraid but something bad was going in his mind. He carried the lady into his taxi and first removed her jewelers and kept in his bag and after this he did something unacceptable and then threw her out of his taxi and ran away from that place. After some days the body was burned at that place only, the next day her soul started to find the same taxi driver because when he was removing her jewelers incidentally her ring fall down in the taxi and still it was not noticed by the driver.

Nobody knew what was going to happen to the peoples from the next day. The people who used to come to that road at night were killed by the ghost. One day a drunken man was travelling from that road. The soul of the lady came in front of the man and then…………………….

Next day the body of the man was found at the level crossing everybody thought that any bus or truck had done it but the matter was something different. It continued to happen every night. And after all this things a type of fear came in the mind of people, decided to close the way for trucks and bus but it was just open for cars, bikes, cycles, and walking.

But this didn’t work everyday many people used die. This all news started to come in news papers but a group of ten students didn’t believe this there name were Navneet, Pramod, Siddhart, Nicholas, Sahil, Ram, Priyanka, Marry, Sonam, Sanchali. One day in evening these guys were walking through the road and were teasing the lady’s soul and Navneet was taking photos with his camera. At night everybody reached at home when Navneet was doing something on his computer incidentally the camera roll fell down in a solution. He found something strange the photo had. The soul of the women was standing, every photo he left it like that in the solution and called his friends. Everybody reached at this home and when everybody saw that photo all got scared and told that they will sleep at his house today.

Next day when everybody was getting ready for school they found that Priyanka was missing. They went out of the house to search her they saw her footsteps, they followed the steps at the end they saw it that the steps ended at the city hospital. They all went inside and asked for her they got to know that she had been admitted. When Lokesh asked her what had happen she told him that when she was jogging, suddenly some sound started coming and when she turned back and something strange happen and when she opened her eyes, she found that she was in the hospital. And when she tried to get up, she felt a type of pain in her stomach.

When marry asked where it was, she lifted her shirt a bit and showed the big pink spot on her stomach. Ram told that it was done by the ghost because he had noticed that spot on other people who died at that place. Everybody started their investigation so that they can help Priyanka. They all went to that place in morning Pramod saw at the top of the lamp post he noticed that there was camera. They all went home and tried to get the videos of that day but they can’t then they left it aside, after sometime Siddhart enters the room and ask what the problem was. After listening to everybody he told that he can get it for them. He opened his laptop from his bag and then hacked the camera of that place and started to download all videos of that day and before after downloading they started to see the videos and then they found that the soul had let her poison inside her stomach.

At the last video they saw how all this weird thing started they copied the taxi number and then traced the taxi. When they found the taxi they saw that it was locked but Sahil had a talent to open a car without a key. When he opened the taxi they started to check inside the taxi if they could find something in the taxi. Navneet then got the ring of lady soul they decided to give it back to the ghost so that she would cure Priyanka. When they went to that place they noticed that the soul was waiting for them over there. When Navneet showed the ring to lady she came in front of them took the ring and asked them from where they have got that. Lokesh started to everything from starting to end.

The soul said sorry to the children and then took back her poison from Priyanka. The lady asked help from them to bring the taxi to that place. Everybody discussed for some time and then agreed to help her. The next day Priyanka was also with them, they booked the taxi for that place, in evening they took the taxi and the taxi driver to that place. They handed over the man to the lady and went to their home happily.

–END–

