Murder Mystery – Investigation of X

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Today I Am done with my investigation on 3 assassinations in New York City. The murder suspect is now arrested after 2 years of inspection, which made me too long to analyse the suspect. Reader is the Press Reporter questioning me” Share your experience on the Investigation”.Here it is

“It was July  2nd 2011 i got a complaint on a murder  in a house which is walkable to my office. The murder is done without a single clue. This was a challenge for me to investigate on this murder. After the postmortem report i came to know that the murderer is killed by a hammer and there was no sign of fingerprints. I visited the house again in search of clues, but it was no use. After few months a murder complaint is booked again, however it was my job to investigate the both. I found a clue which was more useful for me to find that unknown.

I named him as X who is unknown to me. I found a wallet with many visiting cards of 3 reputed businessman. This gave me a 50% of the person X, I investigated these men on the visiting cards as an unknown person to know the link between them and X. I concluded that it is a sequence of the murder on july 2nd 2011 and found some clues on it.  The 2 persons of that was killed and i approached the 3rd person and warned him that he was in danger. He ignored my words, but i was on his way to find X. I was on my way to the doctor because was an alcoholic person and i do visit doctor frequently.

It was that day i got a call from my crew that the 3rd businessman was murdered as in the sequence. I rushed to his house from the hospital, however i found him dead even after the warning. A few days past and found that there is link between X and them. There was a girl by name Nancy who was in contact with all 3 victims and unexpectedly she was in sexual contact with them. I investigated her and came to know that the victims were killed by the known person.

During the analysis i found a girl by name Victoria, she was a doctor and wife of 1st  victim. She expressed her grief and cried for the death of her husband. I asked her about 2nd july 2011 she said that she was not at home since 30th june 2011, she was on a visit to Kentucky as a doctor. I checked her mobile tower location on that day, location was Kentucky. During investigation i found messages in 1st victim’s cellphone from an unknown number which was located at kentucky and which was a proofless sim and it was useless to investigate. I guessed something which was right and it took me 2 years to investigate.

I saw an interview of victoria about the murder on 2nd july 2011, she was questioned by a reporter as the same questions i investigated her as well and i found the answers was same but the time she told me was different. I checked her air tickets but it was same time which she told me. I investigated about her in Kentucky, i got to know that she drove from New York city to Kentucky and not on flight. She was in New York city at 4pm and he has been murdered at 5pm. I confirmed her mobile network it was showing Kentucky even at 6pm on 2nd july, I confirmed that the unknown number was in New York City at 5pm, she lied about the flight and she was here at 4pm. This made me to confirm that she left her sim card in Kentucky and she was back to New York with new sim and texted her husband about his whereabouts and murdered him. So the Unknown murder X was not he it was she. She killed all the 3 persons because she has been bribed by some person to kill all the 3 businessman. The person who bribed was arrested after Victoria’s Analysis. This took me 2 years of investigation and this is how i came to know about X

This was my experience about the investigation

Thank You”

__END__

