Suspense Story of Betrayal – YET BLUE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dahlia was drifting…it was a stream.Stream flowing..she was within this stream..she could see the blue sky..it was morning..How am I breathing?…Am I in heaven?..only heaven can have streams so clear.

The labradorite gave out a brilliant blue glimmer.Or wait,was it blue? She could see so many colors…midnight blue,earth brown,emerald green…it seemed unreal.

The ring felt somewhat odd in her ring finger.She had this half-fear, half-reverence for blue even during her childhood days..She felt awakened by the strange blue lights of sleeper class train while travelling ,as a child .They held some secret..to her these small square blue lights were unresolved signals from outer space..

beep beep…the phone brought her back  to reality.

“What are you dreaming of?” Paul sniggered.This was typical of him..

Dahlia suppressed a desire to laugh.”None of your business ,kid.”she rolled her eyes.He made a funny noise and departed.Dahlia knew he had come to check her terminal,this again made her laugh.

But somewhat she was uncomfortable..it was not work that gave her that uncomfort ..she checked her smartphone..time:0.17..temperature:12 degree Celcius..few beads of sweat emerged in the cross-section of her hairline and forehead.It was an unusually silent night or perhaps she was over-thinking.Maybe a casual stroll would calm her down.

She opened her cardigan button.

Someone was noticing..Dahlia should have known..women in workplaces,late nights.

 

The BMW speeded past the deserted roads of Science City.He glanced at his watch Damm 0.20..The metro construction was going on in full-swing..apart from the trucks the road was empty…It was a risk worth taking.

She glanced through the rooms..the marble flooring felt cold against her bare feet..her heart was beating fast..

Saying this she broke into a silent yet speedy run.It was a dream worth running for.

The headlights of the posh BMW flicked exactly three times..Tina rubbed her teary eyes and proceeded.She held her Tommy Hilfigher side bag close to her.

The street dogs shouted..a cornered cat squealed .

The car quickly departed.

Dahlia looked up at the mirror ..dark circles..she was aging.She wasn’t extraordinarily beautiful..the led lights seemed to nod out of acceptance.Was she getting mad?No.The phone rang..”Yes ma I am fine”before the lady on the other side could query any further she hung up.She was sad.

 have,Dahlia’s timid inner voice reminded.The labradorite gave a malicious smile..Yes he was getting married.Only Dahlia knew it.

She washed her face .There were brighter things in life to focus on..plus this would happen one day or the other. Remaining sad was not an option…

Dahlia’s image nodded out of acceptance..she gave a last look at the mirror.There after she departed from the washroom.

She headed towards the office kitchen.This was well,..

.It was a kitchen cum store room..A place where employees loved to come.This was the most social or aptly put 

zone for all.Small but full of doors of storage cabinets that were stuffed with all kinds of food.Cookies,chips,chocolates,muffins..it also housed instant foods like pastas,noodles,coco.The chiller was also stuffed with cold drinks,apple juices,cedar etc etc. This place was a wonderland for grown ups.

She went for a juice….something about the night previously made her uncomfortable and now as she was closing the door she realized  something was making her sad . 

Leisurely she boarded the lift and went downstairs..The North wind came gushing..sending shivers .The small park stood there semi-dark,semi-illuminated.In spite of the fact that nobody used it..yet this park cum lawn was maintained.

Usually her nights at the office weren’t so leisurely as today.Apart from a few messages from clients..there had been no grave conversations.

Dahlia Roy personal assistant to Vineet Singh,founder Larsson Web Studio and Analytics stood there sighing.Everything had been a dream in this company..

till last Friday….this was the thought that was making her sad.

She looked up at the clear wintry skies..stars were gazing back..reflecting.

Her career had started as a mere web developer then it had catapulted abruptly…Her development from an assistant to the left hand here had been speedy.

Dahlia took a deep breath.

Perhaps Larsson had made her over ambitious.She smiled sadly.Afterall,she was the PA not Vineet’s girlfriend.Last Friday reminded her this forgotten fact.

Her thoughts flew back to Friday afternoon.He was on a phonecall.

“No nothing rash,No I am going to pick you”Dahlia was eavesdropping on her boss.  Vineet continued over the phone”No its kind of symbiotic..no you will have to escape”.Now the conversation heated up”Darn, forget what your sick father-in-law says..we are marrying”.Dahlia’s mouth was in a ‘o’.He is 

It was then Vineet saw her..He immediately hung up.

He was fiery.

Dahlia turned red..She felt the heat.The next things followed quickly…

He  shouted on Dahlia “The revenues”he billowed.”Do you even understand how we could be affected?” ,..”Do I pay you to spy on me?” Dahlia recoiled..she had never seen him this angry.”I..I” Dahlia had managed.”Get Lost”..Dahlia tried to say something..”Lost!!” her bosses voice almost shook the one walled glass.

Bad timing.Dahlia left immediately.

Dahlia had gone to submit the report..but to her horror the situation absolutely turned against her.

Further she had this bubble in the corner of her mind …

 

 was also over..over forever..

Engrossed in thoughts Dahlia failed to notice…

A figure watched Dahlia silently from behind the trees..Attack from behind.The figure proceeded towards Dahlia.

The car was speeding…Tina felt guilt.So many memories came back.Marriage..in-laws..their house..her parents..society.She would have to face it all someday.Yet marrying for a second time was no sin.

A voice peeped .

Though she had inherited a lot of money..she was not independent.This marriage would give her that.She brushed her fingers through her silky hair.She knew she was a catch..lustrous yellow skin..lithe frame..long legs..ebony hair.YET..yet she kept inside.

She was married to be a spectacle.Tina Arora sighed.The night made all roads appear same.Little did she know she was getting lost…

A silence hung there in the car..then it was torn by Vineet.

“Feeling teary?”Vineet asked Tina.

“No”Tina managed a weak reply.”I don’t wan’t any regrets..regret less beginning “.

Ego spoils every possible relation.Somewhat that was overlooked in this car ride.

Success had been synonymous with Vineet. There were a few things that he had failed at. He grinned. 

The only thing was that the message did not come.He had to remove just one tiny obstacle from his path. Then..and then he would inherit it all..He maliciously laughed inwardly..

 hoax.

The car slightly lessened it’s speed.

Vineet reeled back.His journey to ivy league as a thin freckelish lad.The geek type..Topper as always.He attended less clubs and societies in college..he was more into books.How he had coded it all..how he pulled up his co curricular activities..How he bagged a gold medal.His company..his dream.YET .

The old lady smiled wryly..she had this old age insomnia.The oil paintings of her ancient room looked back at her like tamed owls.

Everything ends..someday.Everything had been okay with her.Except…except last Friday..last Friday was the day worth living for.She had sacrificed her priced family possession.

She chuckled.Her heavily ornamented hands and spidery fingers slid over the wood carved table.

There she was.

Someone held Dahlia by her shoulder.Dahlia sprang round in horror.It was Paul.He then burst into a fit of laughter.

“Pa out of her suite?”Paul sounded sarcastic.

Dahlia kept mum.”Why were’s your darling boss”Paul snigggered.

This was typical of Paul..he spread had this word in the office that Dahlia and Vineet were in an invisible relationship.

He never showed anything in the office.Except the fact that Dahlia was given a speedy increment.Yes within 2 years her monthly salary had touched a 6 figure.These things never remain hushed up.The random visit to hotels,restaurants,client meets..everything had gone in 

Dahlia had always remained the reason for jealousy here at Larsson.She was this employee whom 

“Didn’t your ever-caring boss phone??” Paul cut in.This time Dahlia gave a dirty look.”After all you are alone”Paul removed a lock from Dahlia’s face.She couldn’t believe this.No one spoke to her this way at office.”I would prefer if you would maintain a distance.”Dahlia took a step back.

“Yes, you prefer to maintain a distance from all at Larsson..

“he emphasized on the last part.

Women senses asked Dahlia to leave..she walked speedily..The winter gave her a chill..”Did you know you are the sole girl today..here at Larsson”.This sentence totally took Dahlia aback.

He was tipsy Dahlia sensed it too well..but where are the other females?Dahlia sprinted towards the lift.She had to find out.

The shadowy figure was feeling equal hatred for Paul.A chance missed for this intruder.He had to attack.

 

The bunglow was..well beautiful.But Tina was used to beautiful things..

The manicured garden and dimmed lights welcomed them.”weren’t we supposed to go to a lawyer?”Tina asked Vineet timidly.

Vineet garaged the car”No even if I give them a lot of money,they won’t get us married at midnight.”

“Mr Rao will come tomorrow morning,along with witnesses.”Tina hugged Vineet and broke into tears. Vineet wasn’t ready for this.

Tina followed Vineet inside the living room..overlooking the lawn.She quickly rubbed her tears.

The interior was marvellous . Stone cut statues..marbelled flooring..overlooked by wooden open kitchen..wooded stairs..a wooden dining table.

“Sit”Vineet pulled out a chair from the dining table…”Okay keep that bag upstairs in the wardrobe”He pointed to the Hilfigher bag.Tina nodded and left for upstairs.The sound of her heels faded away from the wooden stairs.

Vineet immediately jumped to action ,he took out the wine glasses ..put generous amounts of white pills in it..and concealed them with red wine…His work was done.

The old lady rushed to the airport…The minimally jeweled women did not catch any body’s eyes..she was otherwise unattractive because she was old..

except the big stone on her finger.

The stone was hidden from peoples view as it’s face was turned,the stone was  facing the lady’s palm .. Only one of the female attendents noticed it..

Was her thought.The lady attendant felt taken aback.

The women was carrying medicines and all in her over sized side bag.She was old but stout..She had clever eyes..tall frame but white hair.The ring and the glimmer of its diamond left the attendent in awe.

The departure timing and plane number’s illuminated the boring board.

Dahlia was speeding..she entered the cubical of her female colleagues..

A realization made her shudder..

She heard the ping of the lift..

Perhaps Vineet had informed him but Paul didn’t forward the mail to Dahlia.Dahlia was rushing to the corridor..she could hear Paul approching..

he was a hand away..He was laughing like a maniac.She entered her suite quickly.

Paul had caught up she made a futile attempt to shut the door..

He was approaching..it looked develic..all traces of humor gone..Dahlia reached for her bag..a last attempt..

But wait..

Before Dahlia could realize someone pushed her from back..Dahlia hit her desk..pain made it’s way through her spine.He had with him company..It was Prabhu..

Her face was a hand away from Paul’s shoe..

 The two men were advancing..Dahlia knew they weren’t normal as colleagues anymore..

“What do you want!!?? .”

“You will help us..

” Prabhu added in cold whisper..he was furious..both the men burst in laughter..

Dahlia wondered

Paul read her thoughts..they are not here..we played a hoax with you..We stole their id’s and fuzzed up the biometric system.

“What help?”she managed.

“Help us get the morons documents..he played with us..now we ll play with Larsson’s revenue”.

“But..”Prabhu immediately pointed his gun at her..gun? Dahlia was surprised..

“Ok I will”Dahlia begged..immediately she was dragged into the founders room..the gold name-plate mocked her.

She saw they had already stolen the key the door opened..It led to the second door..”give the combination you bitch”she was held at gunpoint.

She typed every possible combination she knew..

“Tina”no it didn’t open..just when the two men were about to shoot..she hit”Venugopal”The door opened.

The joy on her captors faces was unmistakeable.

They threw her away..Her hand was paining misrebly now..

Now the men were rummaging all possible documents…They opened the safe and took whatever little money it had.

Now they targeted the mac..holy cow a password again…Dahlia shifted uncomfortably..She had no idea on this password but trouble was brewing for her,she was feeling way too timid..

Somewhere the first rays of morning sun had risen…it was 

 

Tina came downstairs..”Vineet”she called out merrily..he was at washroom..

Only she knew that her ring was hollow..with a door..

Then after sometime he was back.Tina did not smile.

On the other hand Vineet thought everything was in his favor..just that he hadn’t received the expected text.But he was an optimist.

They both gave each other a mysterious smile.

They started eating..they drank the wine unsuspecting.

Sometimes all it takes is uncommon sense to win in life.The smile faded away as both of them drifted into deep sleep……

Dawn was coming.

 

The lady reached Delhi..

She would sell the diamond at a curio.She need not work for the rest of her life..the joy was overpowering her..even in her seventies the cold of Delhi could not extinguish her excitement…She felt young again…She proceeded towards Chandni..

Old place old memories.

The man was seeing all this in a binocular.He immediately reported all this..

 woman.Curious ..very curious.

Without the password they could not make monetary transactions.NO.”Ask that thing”Paul was furious..”I..I don’t know”Dahlia murmured…..Prabhu slapped her “Foot licking idiot..Even your boss can’t find your corpse,all this while we have been tolerating your nonsense ..”The rage was extreme.

She typed random words..birthdays…the terminal didn’t give in..but she was one of the few employees who knew Larsson provided encryption services to it’s client under the hood..

His would be tricky.

while trying out combinations with L..she typed “Labradorite”randomly in haste.

“Labra..what??”Before Prabhu could finish the terminal opened.Dahlia was pushed away..she hit the floor hard.This time her backbone hurt hard..

This couldn’t be true..the labradorite had come to her rescue..as the old lady who gave to her had said..L

They opened the secret vault once more,mostly because something was written in the 

 more

 their unbelief it had small chips of diamond.”He was giving this away to his pa”Prabhu told Paul pointing to Dahlia’s cardigan pocket..she had left her cardigan in her suite while going down.

Yes it had an alleged diamond chip.But Dahlia strongly believed that it was fake. And the old lady had given her..but could this be a coincidence?or did all this have a link..She couldn’t express all this to these scoundrels.She only managed to voice a protest ,that would clearly not go in her favor.

“No don’t do this..you are stealing your company..stop it..”Dahlia said with all her remaining strength..Before she could act,the butt of the gun hit her head..it sent her into instant unconsiousness..

The shadowed figure escaped..wrong timing..plus the subject was a victim already..in a few moments she would die.

pain ..small drops of blood escaped her nose..the pain settled..she never thought of dying cold..YET COLD WAS A BLUE.

 

 

Dahlias mom phoned her for 27th time..it wasn’t ringing…it was driving her crazy.She typed in Nidhi’s number..something was utterly wrong. 6th sense never lies.

 

Communication chief at Larsson Nidhi tried in vain…Larssons website was down..

 Office phone was dead too..she tried ringing Dahlia but it didn’t ring..

Just then an unknown number rang on her mobile screen.She picked up cheerfully”Dali is that you?”her smile vanished shortly.It was Dahlia’s mother she didn’t return home from 

last night.

Nidhi asked Dahlia’s mom to inform the police immediately.

Could this website problem have anything to do with Dahlia’s disappearance?

Something was wrong. 

She dressed and left for Larsson.

Chandrakali came a bit early for his work on Saturday morning..his master had given him off on Friday  so as a sign of gratitude he had come early.Plus bunglows these days weren’t safe.He entered the meadow..car that means his master was home.He opened the living cum dining rooms door..beautiful rays of the sun illuminated the room..seeping through the glass-painted windows of the verandah.

His gaze suddenly went to the dining table.Two people were sleeping there..sitting face to face.

The lady seemed unreal.Overtly beautiful.He reached out for his master.

To his horror he found his body was cold..so was the women’s.

Chandrakali’s world came crushing down..he had to answer the police..

 

 

The police vans proceeded..the lady was a suspect..She entered the age old shop at Chandni.”Here is it..the beauty..I brought it”she pointed to the diamond in her finger..the brilliant glistning even took the police aback.They hid everywhere..She then took out the capsule box..she had kept it in in her sidebag throughout the journey.Slowly hooded figures began to emerge.

to her horror the old woman realized she had been followed..the staff at airport had suspected her capsule box and on hearing inquiry of the police had told them everything.She froze.Hilda Khan was a brave woman..half christian-half muslim but today no one could save her.

“You are under arrest..”Her game was over.

 

 

Chandrakali had acted quick..he took out his master and the woman’s phone..he dialled the number he saw at the top in the lady’s phone..an old man received..Chandrakali told that he was taking them to hospital..He drove the car to the nearest hospital..they were immediately admitted.

The old man was sobbing..he was the woman’s father-in-law..the sterilized environment was making Chandrakli sick.He hoped against hope that they would survive.For once in his life Chandra felt happy about being poor.

 

Neha arrived with the police at Larsson..the suite had been vandalized..Dahlia lay there ..blood seeping out..”Hospital..please Dali..no”she rushed her friend to the nearby hospital..She prayed that her friend would be ok.

Whoever had broken in had made use of bio-metric system..further they had jammed all the terminals as well as phones for sometime..Even they forged the online transactions and had routed money from Larsson to a vague account.

The vault had been broken.

Tina was the sole witness..apparently she had put up a fight..but the intruders over-powered her.

Neha thought Dalia and the office case ..Vineet-Tina’s case,The old women in Delhi .All these had a logical connection or..

 

Mr Aggarwal guessed it right..so when he saw the diamond missing he immediately informed the police on Saturday morning.The thing that made him sad was the fact that his own daughter-in-law was involved in it. Hilda had been arrested.

Mr Aggarwal only wanted his daughter-in-law to come back..

 

Dahlia’s mom wanted her back ..everything had been a blur for her..beyond reason she wanted her back..the TV reporters were showing over-enthusiasm The two men had been arrested and almost everything had been recovered.Dahlia had been brave…her daughter could give an accurate picture..but she had frozen..Her daughter had to come back.At least for her.

 

No Vineet had always been a winner.. His wife had died long back..his son couldn’t..He had a lot to tell his son..His father was teary.

 

Even the hustle of the cafe seemed good.The gift of life had been the greatest gift.Dahlia walked in..everyone in the cafe broke into tireless applause…Vineet,Tina,her mom..colleagues..Everyone..Most importantly they didn’t have slightest loathing for each other.They were equal.The police had caught the two men and the woman.The labradorite felt non existent in her finger.It had brought her luck indeed.It was needless to know it’s history..Tina and Vineet had apologized to one another..Tina apologized to her also,she was extremely sorry.To make up she would invest actively at Larsson and would be working with her.She was at peace.Everyone was at peace.Life seemed awesome.

–END–

