Pokemon Chapter 6: A Visit to the Northern Range

Photo credit: 

 from 

The next day, Team Pokémon prepared themselves to return but suddenly, a Pokémon rushed through the street tumbling down Grovyle and Pikachu. Alakazam was stunned.

 Torkoal – I have never seen such a Pokémon.

 Grovyle – The only way to know who that is, is to chase it.

 Torkoal – It went into the North direction.

 Alakazam – Towards the Northern Range…

 Pikachu – Can you please tell us more about the Northern Range?

 Grovyle – Northern Range is the longest mountain range in the Pokémon World and is a protection barricade of the City of Arsenilia – the royal city.

 Torkoal – It is also a home to many varieties of Pokémons including grass as well as Ice type Pokémons. Latias and Latios also live here yet none has seen them but Arsenilians told this that Latias and Latios live in the Northern Ranges.

 Team Pokemon headed towards the Northern Range. Meanwhile, back in the Pokémon Guild,

 Chatot – We have a good news, Guild Master

 Machamp – Say that Team Pokémon has got all the information that we required.

 Chatot – Moreover, they are returning today with all of the data but how did you learn this?

 Machamp – Torkoal told me this.

 Chatot – O! Then he must have sent Pidgeot to tell you this.

 Machamp – Yes. Everything what happened in Phoenicia, the awakening of the three legendary birds and how Team Pokémon defeated them.

 Chatot – We just need to wait today for the information.

 Machamp – I am sure they must have something important to tell us.

In the Dark Isle –

 Darkrai – This is the year of the complete Solar Eclipse and you need the Dark Orb only.

 Shadow – Yes, Master. I know where Dark Orb is.

 Darkrai – Muahahaha….

Team Pokémon crossed the Frosty Forest and reached the Northern Ranges. They crossed the Northern Ranges and arrived at the pinnacle of the Ranges. There, they encountered with Latias.

 Latias – Halt! Don’t try to trespass my land

 Pikachu – We’re just looking for the Pokémon who made us to fall.

 Latias – Go away from here.

 Grovyle – We won’t go till we meet that guy.

 Latias – Then Prepare for your demise.

Pikachu and Grovyle defeated Latias but then she stood up and with all her might she used the Luster Purge.

Will Pikachu and Grovyle learn about that Pokémon?

[TO BE CONTINUED]

