Pokemon – The Light and the Dark:Chapter 3

Photo credit: 

 from 

Pikachu and Grovyle went on their first exploration to the Concealed Ruins. They crossed the Nova Forest and arrived there. There in the deepest part, they saw the inscriptions on the wall depicting the war of Kyogre and Groudon, Mew and two dragon type entities.

Suddenly, a gang of Kabutops came there and attacked them all of a sudden –

 Pikachu – Wow! Look at these inscriptions.

 Kabutops – Go away from our domain.

 Pikachu – Who are you?

 Grovyle – These are Kabutops and this region is said to be their domain.

 Kabutops – Indeed, but you have tried to trespass our land and pollute our region. You shall meet oblivion. Prepare.

Then Kabutops attacked Pikachu and Grovyle. Grovyle was knocked out but Pikachu’s volt tackle helped him and defeated Kabutops but they fled. After a while, Chikorita came out. Team was shocked. Chikorita was scared but she cured Grovyle and then Pikachu took Chikorita with them to the Guild. Chatot asked Chikorita how she came there.

Chikorita – I…was…kidnapped….

 Pikachu – Do not hesitate Chikorita. Just speak, don’t be scared.

 Chikorita – I was kidnapped by a strange dark type Pokémon who forced me to cure his master but I refused. He became enraged and attacked me. I was scared and due to that, I ran away and reached the Concealed Ruins where I met Kabutops. Seeing me in such a bad condition, Kabutops showed mercy on me and let me live there and since then, they have been protecting me.

 Pikachu – What! They were protecting you.

 Chikorita – Yes.

Dugtrio – There’s a guest.

 Chatot – Who is he?

 Dugtrio – A trio of Kabutops.

 Everyone – Kabutops!

 Chatot – Send them.

Then Kabutops entered and came there. Everyone thanked Kabutops and Magnezone offered them to join the guild. Kabutops agreed and formed Team Kabutops to punish such evil guys.

Chatot was happy for the accomplishment of the task but Machamp was suspicious about the strange dark type Pokémon so he ordered Team Pokémon to go to the city of Phoenicia and gather more and more information about dark type Pokémons. Grovyle and Pikachu were too exhausted so Machamp advised them to prepare for the journey, the next day. The day ended with dinner and everyone went to sleep.

***

(To be contunied)

 

