Instinct – Psycological Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am a tough guy without fear, killing is my job and I do it for money. Though it’s against law, my scorching childhood made me to that state. I was a veteran to play with gun. My shot always scores a bull’s eye as I had a year full of jobs. I was all alone in my life time and my inner thoughts said me to settle with one last job. I worked for many high class individuals, they used me as a lethal weapon against most of their enemies in business.

I got a new companion for my job, literally he was always with me and instructing me how to do. I took sleeping dosage every day to get rid off blood smell that was over my body and my thoughts which would kill me. My companion, that man, helped me a lot to carry out the project; planning things make them to do better. Rome was not built in a day, as I did planned calmly as my companion insisted to do so.

We had left only with few days and the plan execution was near at my gates. We both had same energy as ages are same; guns were ready to make up the project. Every job I took was simple for me and some nerves will itch as first time project. My companion always had a strong look over the situation and he manages things well to me. We proceeded according to the plan.

We followed the subject as close as possible, as aim was high to do. Securities and guards of the target were always with him. Even bathroom had outside stands of his personal guards. We had iron hard gates to break it off. My mind was strengthened by my companion from the planning phase. My confident level was high as my company worked as my brain which was always steady.

The day before the plan, I took a pill to suppress my thoughts and feelings that night. My company was awake and he said if he would sleep the subject will be out of our ground. The next day we were there and my snipers were edging on him. My lens was pointed on him to get ready for a finishing touch. The tower bell was the point where I should hit him. On hearing the tower bell he came out and my trigger got pulled as the bell hits for the third.

Sure shot on head closed the subject’s chapter to death and finally we were about to return to home. My identity should be changed as soon as possible once the job was over and I did the same. I lost my companion on the way to my home and I thought he would have had his personal job to take over. The next day my phone got a message and message said “kill company if you want to live”.

I didn’t understand what was happening around me. I was stunned as message stated to kill my company.

I found my companion and asked for his final words before his demise. My gun pointed his brain, as that would kill him quickly without pain. He said shoot me if you want to live, my bullets went through his brain. As now I was at hell saying this, the companion was none other than me. I had a personality disorder and schizophrenia with paranoid illusions clearly to say. Each and every time I took the pills to suppress my thoughts to kill my illusion. But that dint helped me, finally a message to my mobile was also my illusion I made against my thoughts. I killed myself and now no illusion would kill me in hell, only good guys get heaven not me. Many were killed by me and paved way to hell.

__END__

by – Chandraganesh V

