Murder Mystery Short Story – Detective Dave

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Suuuup! A bullet comes flying from the window and pierces the chest of the great detective Yondro . The wine glass from his hand lands on the ground . The blood begins flowing from his chest and body temperature drops . The detective  is taken to the hospital . Operation goes on for hours hoping to save the detectives live finally after four ours of tedious efforts of  his conditions becomes stable. He was kept in the ICCU for further testing . Cent morning there a note “Catch me if u can u have 48 hrs before my next victim .”

The best detectives of the country were hired and one of them was Dave. A young aspiring detective who had been investigating his fathers murderers. Dave was a high school detective that means he didn’t have a detective agency of his own and could take up cases on his free will . He analyses the note the letters were written with pen not printed . He observed that the ink was smudged from left to right , he suddenly concluded that the victim was a left handed, the next thing he noted was a strong perfume from the note it was as if the note was with him when he applied the perfume. Everybody int the room was stunned.He left the hospital in search for clues .

Next thing he knew was  that there was another note saying “Well done detective lets make the game more interesting . I am in the hospital and you have 24 hrs to save the life of the detective and my next victim catch me if u can ”

This time the note was printed and warm. The  detective said “it takes 2-3 minutes for the note to cool down which means the note was printed in the hospital some where “.

He inquired about the places where they could print . Next he went in search of the murderer he observed the shoulders of each and every person because it the person was right handed his right shoulder was usually lower than this left and vice- versa. He finally found the man with the same perfume . Now he set a trap for the murderer he applied sodium-bi-carbonate all over the place as he knew the murderer would surely try to break in and the room was fitted with motion detectors as they were small and unnoticeable . The plan worked, the alarm rang, they found the guards fainted on diagnoses it was found they were attacked with chloroform and now he tested all the staff for sodium-bi-carbonate and finally the murderer was caught .

He was the old Nemesis of Yondro and new Nemesis of Dave.

__END__

