Short Story – Nightmare

This short story became 

 (Most popular story) on 15 Dec 2012 and won 

A Short Story – Nightmare

Photo credit: 

 from 

I woke up. This was a recurring nightmare. For the past three weeks, it was disturbing my lovely sleep.

I was 13 then. Being in the company of some godforsaken people, I got introduced to one of the vices of life – smoking. Being the most educated of that lot, it wasn’t difficult to become their leader and we did some bashing up of other boy gangs in the locality. 

 and see every boy pee in his pants on just one look from me. In the winter of 1989, the dream disappeared as mysteriously as it had appeared.

Being the child of Indian central government employees, there was no permanence to my life. My parents got shifted periodically and we were in Baroda those days. My father’s next transfer took us to Mumbai and there some semblance of stability came to our family. My father used his political connections to get us to stay in that place. The curve of my life took a sharp upwards turn with the injection of cosmopolitan lifestyle.

Being passionate about India, I took a job in a PSU after completing my top-notch education. Working amongst our people and for our people, gave me happiness. My father, that ultra-sincere utter-loser had subjected us to middle-class status despite the professional power he had gained in his final years. I was not going to subject myself to that any more.

 Thanks to this ‘demon’, I quickly ensured a comfortable life for myself. With one single 100 buck note, I could get those pathetic low-life traffic-men off my back. With one signature of mine, I could make lakhs flow between financial institutions. With one nod of my head, people across the chain would tap into the flow. Only the ones without balls don’t indulge in with corruption. In a couple of years, I made my name. Life went on perfectly well.

It was again in the winter of 2011 that the scream made a re-entry. This time it tortured me, shattering my life for three months.

People thought I went insane. My friends and colleagues actually got me enrolled under a psychiatrist. The doctor tried all the techniques that his school had taught him. But he couldn’t help me. How I had wished that the doctor for once tried thinking of a different type of cure instead of mechanically testing me! Well, schools have that effect on intelligent people. They snatch the ability of thinking from people.

And the nightmare persisted.

In those torturous three months, I took a decision to escape from my reality of that time. I made a career switch. I leveraged my networking to get recruited into a reputed management consulting company. Probably it was the change in pace of life or environment that made the nightmare disappear.

And what a change it was! Working for Indians? What the hell! If you have interacted with other cultures and have been to other countries, then you know what I mean when I’d say “Despicable smelly Indians! Good for nothing, lazy, undeserving Indians.”

My job took me to Greece, U.S, Australia, Spain, England and so many more places. Being the enterprising person I was, it didn’t take me long to find the ‘good’ things in life. And the greatest of them all was cocaine, sweet mother of elixirs; cocaine, the energizer of the universe; cocaine, emperor of buzz; cocaine, the door to an electric existence.

My friends started deserting me because of new this fancy of mine. 

. I didn’t regret bidding them goodbye. Money was never a problem. Corruption had helped me a lot. My current job paid me hills of money.

Despite increasing solitude, I discovered another world. My best friend, cocaine gently nudged me into a world that I believed existed only in the demented minds of character-less people.

Ah! The sleaze, that thrill of swinging. Ah! Those whores, that high of raping. Ah! Those masquerade parties of orgasmic orgies. I thanked my stars that I wasn’t trapped in some idiotic matrimonial chain!

Cocaine was slowly consuming me. But given my job and lifestyle, I remained healthy enough to tolerate the degradation that this addiction unleashed upon my body. Constant travelling, high-burn projects and some intense creative thinking, kept my pulse thumping.

It was again in the winter of 2011 that the nightmare made a comeback. This time the nightmare was far more persistent. 

 This time there was marked amount of static in it, a far creepier silence. The images kept shaking, like my eyes couldn’t focus.

I woke up wiping my face. My sheets were wet. For close to three years, this was the only dream that I dreamt. Day in, day out; night in, night out – this was the only thing that I seemed to be living for.

I tried several things. I met several doctors. Even cocaine didn’t touch upon this scar of mine. Then one day, one of old friends bumped into me. He looked aghast to see only a ghost of me, alive. He took me to a 

. At first I laughed. I even mocked his intellect. However having exhausted all my leads, I decided to check this avenue out as well.

That was one of the most surreal experiences of my life. I expected that dubious sadhu person to smear ashes on my forehead and perform antics spiced with unknown Sanskrit mantras, to conjure the bad spirits out of me.

But what he did, threw me off-track. As I sat in front of him, he had said, “Welcome son. We have been waiting for you.” That he knew of my travails and was awaiting my arrival, was not what shocked me. The fact that he spoke in clear English with a flawless accent is what put me off. In that meeting, he handed me a book.

I woke up and had a glass of water. Then I glanced at the book that the 

 had given me, a couple months back. Not willing to go to sleep again and not having anything better to do, I started reading it. As I read that book, my mind expanded. Far more than it ever did with cocaine. A quarter of that book I understood, a quarter I didn’t, and a quarter was complete Greek and Latin to me. But that quarter which I not only understood but also could comprehend is what expanded my mind. Man might have advanced technologically, politically and socially, over the millennia. But the answers to his spiritual quests still the same as they were ages ago when these 

 were scripted.

As I began reading the book, the nightmare got a bit more colourful and fortunately detailed.

Towards the end of the third year of living that dreaded nightmare, I found my peace. As the wisdom of the Vedas sedimented into my mind, I fathomed more about the world and importantly, more about myself. Armed with the empowerment of Vedas, I was finally able to see who she was…

__END__

