Short Story of Vampires – Inner Demon

Photo credit: 

 from 

Dave sat at the corner of the bar, sipping his drink slowly. It came in a clean glass and tasted good, which was all he ever expected in a bar like this. He wasn’t interested in tasteful ambience or innovative gimmicks. Cheap drinks and a talkative bartender could make the night very interesting. The night was young and he was still sober.

His gaze travelled the length and breadth of the small bar, taking in the city’s nightlife. Couples danced to the slow, sensual rhythm of soulful jazz or chatted in small alcoves – the guys in their designer t-shirts and the girls in their colourful dresses. Dave ran his tongue over the smooth amber liquid in his mouth, letting it wash over his teeth as he swallowed. He glanced outside, and saw the dark nightclouds obscuring the light of the full moon. His eyes resumed wandering across the bar and stopped as he spotted a young woman entering through the front door.

Immediately, he sat up. The woman was of medium height, dressed in a simple white dress. Her dark black hair swayed as she made her way up to the bartender. She was a stunning beauty, and made a lot of heads turn in her direction. She also received looks of venom from many women, and to her credit, she didn’t even look at them. Dave took in her long legs as she swivelled to sit on top of a stool right next to him.

“Tequila shot.” She said in a husky voice. Her eyes were thick with eyeliner – or was it mascara? Her face was perfect, chiselled to immaculate precision. She turned and looked at him, and Dave felt like he was looking into two dark pools of liquid beauty. It took a moment before he comprehended that he was staring, and quickly looked away.

“It’s rude to stare, you know.” She said, again in her low and husky tone. She seemed more amused that angry. Dave half-smiled and shrugged bashfully.

“Sorry about that,” he said, taking another sip. “It isn’t every day you see a beautiful woman in places like these.” The woman laughed softly, her lips drawing back to reveal a slightly pointed tooth. The bartender brought her the drink, and she paid him. She grasped the small glass between her fingers and thumb and turned it around slowly.

“You’re good at flattering a girl. Not like some of those demons I’m used to,” she said, smiling at him.

“Aren’t we all demons inside, though?” said Dave, smiling back. “Some of us just hide it better than others.” He said, bringing the glass to lips and looking at her.

She smiled again and threw her head back. A couple of strands of hair lay across her cheek, and she wrapped a finger around it. Dave drained his glass in one go, recognising the early signs. He leaned against the counter and extended a hand. “I’m Dave,” he said.

The woman took his powerful hand in her dainty one. “Sarah,” She said. “I’m a reporter for 

Dave was a little taken aback.

“

You mean that magazine which prints stuff about myths and legends?” he asked her, leaning in a little because the music had switched to a loud rock and roll burst. She nodded eagerly, her hair bobbing up and down.

“Yes,” she said, leaning in like him, and moved a bit closer. “I’m very interested in the occult. Particularly in cryptozoology. Have you heard about it?” she said, having to shout a little because of the loud noise. Dave shook his head.

“It’s the study of mythological beasts. The Loch Ness Monster, the Yeti, Werewolves, and…” She moved in closer still, their faces an inch apart. “…

She smiled again, her pointed tooth glinting in the light. Dave nodded slowly, entranced by her beauty. His body felt weak and slack. Sarah winced, and leaned in against his face.

“You want to go for a drive? It’s too loud in here.” She whispered in his ear, her breath soft against his skin, giving him goosebumps. He gulped and nodded again, looking into her dark eyes. She held his hand and led him out of the door, avoiding the couples on the dance floor. They walked down the stairs of the bar, and into the street, which was dark and deserted. Dave looked up at the night sky, as saw that dark clouds had formed, giving him an ominous feeling. He shrugged it off, reminding himself that he would probably get lucky that night.

Sarah brought up a red sedan which was an open-roof. She smiled at him and patted the front seat next to the driver. “Come on,” she said. “Let’s go to the beach.” Dave smiled back and got into the car. Sarah started it up and sped along the empty streets. Dave leaned back and enjoyed the cool air that swept against his face, and occasionally looked at Sarah from the corner of his eye. Her mouth was open as she drove, and her eyes were focused. Her tooth was peeking from under the upper lip, and her eyes suddenly looked red. Dave blinked and focused, but her eyes went back to normal black again. 

he thought. He looked up the streetlights which lined the roads. He frowned as he saw bats on them, numerous bats which were upside-down on the streetlights, their red eyes following the car.

“Do you believe they exist, then? Mythological beasts, I mean.” She said, suddenly. Dave started and looked at her. Her eyes were still on the road and her long fingers tapped the steering wheel as the car sped forward.

“Well, it’s more of a question of acceptance than belief, I think. They haven’t been proved to 

so I think it’s fair to believe they do exist.” Said Dave. Sarah smiled again, and looked at him from the corner of her eye.

“A man who is a believer. I like that,” she said. She took a hand off the steering wheel and ran a finger down his leg. Dave felt his pulse quicken as she smiled at him.

“Almost there,” she said. Dave looked up and saw the vast expanse of the beach by his side. Sarah stopped the vehicle on an empty street. It was only lit by a couple of streetlights, the moon still hid behind the clouds. She turned to face him, the streetlight bathing her face in its soft light.

“Let’s walk,” she said. They got out of the car and strolled down the lane. Her hand was clasped in his, and they walked side by side like an old couple. The sea beat relentlessly and waves made loud moaning sounds.

“This spot is one of my favourites, you know,” she said. “I’ve come here often to write my reports. Writing and hoping…” she said, running a hand through her hair.

“Hoping for what?” asked Dave, cocking his head to one side.

“A meeting, of course. A meeting with a mythological beast. It would be perfect for an aspiring reporter like me. To be able to meet with something so ancient. It would be a dream come true.” she said, her face excited.

“Then today,” said Dave, his voice suddenly harsh. “Is your lucky day!”

Dave let go of her hand, and to Sarah’s horror, he began to change. His skin turned deathly pale, and his lips drew back to reveal rows of pointed teeth. He turned to face her, and she saw that his eyes were a bloody red with small black pupils. He drew thick raspy breaths and looked at her hungrily, taking in her beautiful face which was blank with shock.

“Hello, dear,” he rasped at her. His eyes wandered to her throat, which looked silky against the streetlight. He imagined ripping it out and drinking her warm blood. Sarah looked at him, her eyes wide with shock. Her mouth opened, but no sound came out. She gulped and started to back away slowly.

“You… you’re…a vampire!” she screamed.

“Well spotted,” he growled. “Didn’t you want to meet me?” he said and smiled wickedly, his blood-red eyes fixed on her face, which drained of all blood.

“No, no! Stay away. Don’t kill me, please!” she moaned, rooted to the spot.

“Oh, no. I can’t refuse dinner when it walks so willingly into my arms.” He said, moving closer to her. “Goodbye, Sarah.” He roared. He sprang towards her and opened his mouth wide, looking to sink his fangs into her teeth. Suddenly he stopped short.

His eyes widened in surprise as he looked down, and saw that Sarah’s hand was clasped around his throat, squeezing hard. He brought both hands down on hers and tried to wrench it away, but her grip was like a vice.

“Fooled you,” she said softly. She smiled and turned her head towards the night sky. In a brilliant flash of white, the clouds parted to reveal the full moon. Instantly, her body went rigid, and she began to transform. Dave could only watch in horror as she grew thick black hair all over her body, and her face elongated into a snout. The hand holding his throat grew thick with hair and knotted muscles, as her fingers grew long, black nails. Dave whimpered pitifully as the transformation was complete, and the thing now stood a foot taller than him, holding him in its hands like he was a plaything.

It moved with lightning speed. Its powerful jaws wrapped around Dave’s throat and wrenched it out, before he could even scream. It dropped Dave’s lifeless body, his blood shining red on its mouth. The sea was still crashing against the shore, it’s noise deafening to the ears. It looked up at the moon and threw its shoulders back. Then, the Werewolf howled.

__END__

