Suspense Short Story – The Wish

Photo credit: 

 from 

 Jay: [Finishing his smoke]

 So. What are you going to do with it?

 Aman: Do you think that I have any idea? I am still wondering whether all of this is a dream.

 Jay: Hmm. Why does it feel like I am the one smoking and you’re the one getting high?

 [Lighting another smoke]

 But I have always believed you. So I find no reason to start disbelieving now. So, tell me what you would wish for.

 Aman: What would you wish for?

 Jay: [Grins with the cigarette tucked to the corner of his lip]

 Well. You know. An endless supply of weed. A lifetime worth of alcohol. And money. Loads of money.

 There you go. Three wishes. Three perfect wishes.

 [Taking a longer puff]

 Or at least, according to me.

 Aman: Hmm. The first two sounds fine. But the last one is going to end up being a waste.

 Jay: You think asking for money is waste?

 Aman: No. Absolutely not. But nonetheless, it’s a waste.

 Jay: Do explain.

 Aman: The genie, if that’s what we are calling it, would certainly grant three wishes. But it has some rules.

 Jay: [Finishing another smoke]

 Ooohh. Now that’s interesting.

 Aman: You cannot wish to make someone fall in love with you.

 Jay: There goes your Priya.

 Aman: Just shut up and listen. You cannot wish someone dead or bring someone back to life.

 Jay: Poof. And there goes her boyfriend.

 [Lighting another smoke]

 So far, I can’t see your messed up life getting any better.

 Aman: And the last rule caters to what you just said. You cannot ask for money. Not at least directly.

 Jay: Wow. He is like my step father. Powerful, but worthless to me.

 Aman: Well, there are other things that I could ask for.

 Jay: What?

 Aman: I am still thinking. One of the reasons I came to meet you this late is in fact this.

 But I should have guessed your charred head won’t be able to come up with anything good.

 Jay: Hey. Don’t blame me for keeping it simple. I don’t like putting too much pressure on my precious head.

 Aman: Yeah. Of course. Just on your lungs and kidneys, right.

 [After a moment of pause]

 So, tell me something. Are you jealous? Don’t you want it for yourself?

 Jay: I should be. But we all know that there’s a hidden conditions applied written somewhere. I’d rather face my dad, whom I could deal with than that Genie.

 Aman: You sound like it’s ominous.

 Jay: Not to discourage you. But be careful.

 [Waving him goodbye]

 Well. You know what they say. Careful what you wish for. It might just come true.

 Aman: Huh. Yes indeed.

 10 hours later, the next morning.

 Maa: Could you do the chores today, again? I don’t feel that good.

 Aman: Yes, it’s fine maa. I’ll do it.

 Maa: It pains me to watch you doing everything on your own whereas I sit and sleep throughout the entire day.

 Aman: It’s not like you do so every day.

 Maa: No. Lately it’s been more frequent. I am really becoming a burden. I hope I don’t have to bother you for too long.

 Aman: [Scolding her] I am going to imagine that I didn’t hear that from you. And I don’t want to hear anything like that from you ever again.

 Maa: [Putting a heavenly smile on her face]

 Come here.

 Aman: What?

 Maa: [Kisses on his forehead]

 You’re doing great. And you’ll do great. And everything will be fine. Now go and quickly bring some food. I’m hungry.

 Aman: Roger that.

 [Salutes her and moves out of her room]

 

 A few hours later.

 [Rubbing the jar]

 Aman: Here goes nothing.

 Genie: Yes, master. How may I assist you? Have you decided?

 Aman: I think I finally know what I am going to wish for.

 Genie: Okay sir.

 [Stands still for few moments. Eyes shut. Lips moving with a seemingly inaudible chant]

 I am ready. Make your wish and it shall be granted.

 Aman: Make sure that I never have to see Maa lying on bed, feeling pathetic and sad. Fix her.

 Genie: [Silent and still]

 Your wish is granted. Go and see for yourself.

 Aman: [Running out of the room]

 I can’t believe this is happening. Everything will be back to as it was, before she fell sick.

 [Slams open his maa’s bedroom door]

 Maa. Are you feeling ok?

 Maa. You are not here. All ready out and about. That was quick.

 [Rushes to the kitchen]

 Maa. Where are you?

 [Quickly paces from one room to another]

 Maa. Maa. Where are you?

 [Bursts into tears]

 Oh my god. What did I do? Did I mess it up? No. No. everything is going to be ok.

 [Calls out the genie again]

 [Shouts]

 What the hell did you do to my mom?

 Genie: Only that which you asked me to. Anyways I should…..

Aman: [Screams]

 I asked you to fix her. Why didn’t you fix her? Tell me where she is.

 Genie: Tell me this. When you entered her room, did you see her lying in the bed, feeling pathetic and sad?

 Aman: She was not there. She is nowhere.

 Genie: Yes. That was the simplest fix to your problem. So, that is what I did.

 Aman: No. No.

 [Falls to his knees]

 What have I done?

 Wait. Wait. I still have two more wishes.

 Bring her back. Goddamnit. Bring her back.

 Genie: I am sorry. I ……

 Aman: But you killed.

 Genie: I didn’t. She simply disappeared. I made her disappear.

 Aman: Okay then.

 [Aside] Think, think.

 Okay, take me back to the time when I made the first wish.

 [Aside] That way, I could make a different wish. Yes, I am a genius.

 Genie: I am sorry. All your three wishes have already been granted. If you would have just let me finish, I would have told you that before.

 Aman: What kind of sick joke is this? I have only made one wish.

 Genie: It’s only natural that you wouldn’t remember. Let me jog your memory.

 Your first wish was – Make sure that I never have to see Maa lying on bed, feeling pathetic and sad. Fix her.

 Your second wish was – Take me back to the time when I made the first wish.

 And your third and final wish was – Make sure that I never have to see Maa lying on bed, feeling pathetic and sad. Fix her.

 Aman: What are you saying?

 Genie: You just made the same wish twice. You never asked me to retain your past memory.

 Aman: [Trembling in fear]

 HEHEHEHEHEHEHE……………..

 Looks like Jay was right. I just killed my mom. Twice.

 [Breaks down into tears and hysteria]

 Genie: I should be going to my 300 year sleep now. I am glad to have served you.

 [Slowly fades out and with it so does the jar]

–END–

