Short Story Murder Mystery – Violation

Photo credit: 

 from 

Satya was a great police officer in Chennai. He was somewhat special when compared to other cops. Whatever mission comes to him he would complete that mission on time. He was famous for finding the victims in murder cases.

Like that one murder case came to him, he was asked to find the victim within a month. He went to see that murdered place. He saw that murdered body lying on the bed without any stab or injury on him. He was unable to believe that murder, it was really a challenging case for him.They took that body to post-mortem. Satya went again to that spot to find some clue regarding that murder, he saw few blood drops on a table and  called a lab technician to do research on that blood.

After someday he got report on that unknown murder. In that murder case the report given by the technician stated ”mixing of other blood group in victims body”. He was unable to understand the report. He went to see that lab technician, the lab technician told him that ”sir the blood which we took for sample in that day was B- group”and Satya showed that victims report to him and asks some questions to him for clarifying his doubt.

The technician replied that”victim was having A+ blood group and the guy who killed him has syringed him some other blood group which lead to poison his whole blood and that was his reason for dead.This case was really challenging and interesting for him. Satya thought that the murderer was brilliant and he thought that the culprit would have B- blood on seeing that report, he was just guessing. Since he was busy in his case he forgot to meet his girlfriend Yamini and went to meet her in a restaurant. Just before a month ago they both were in love. She was doing her nursing course, residing with her brother Aditya who’s working in a private company.They both enjoyed a lot and were close together. He makes a phone call to her and told that”I can’t meet you today I have got a new case sorry we can meet tomorrow”. She accepts to his apologise.

The guy who murdered before plans for his next victim.This time it was a rowdy named Ravi in Tambaram, he went to his farm house which was located outside the city,he was having bad drinks and was unable to open his eyes and went for sleeping inside the warehouse. Murderer was watching him for long time and when he slept, he went and tied the hands of Ravi by making him to sit on the chair and stabbed with his two knife on both the legs. He did not took that knife on both the legs and made a wire connecting on those two knife at one end and other end he plugged in the plug board and was waiting for his wake up. When he woke he screamed suddenly the murderer passed the current on him and killed.

Next day Satya came to that spot he was unable to see the victim’s body because it was in such a bad condition.He finds some hair on the floor and took it to the same lab technician. The hair which he found and victim’s hair did not matched. Satya asked that technician to take DNA test on that hair and the blood sample which he got before. In lab report they both matched together Satya guessed that two murder was done by the same guy. When he wents to his home he saw Yamini there and asks her”why did you came here?let’s go out” drags her hands to out his home and took her to nearby coffee shop.

She asks him”why are you not speaking to me normally has before?”

He says”sorry,I am really busy in my work,unable to find the victim but will catch him soon”.

That murderer was having coffee in that same shop he was sitting in a way such that Satya could not see him and was planning for his next victim. For his(the guy who was murdering) surprise that victim came to that same coffee shop. He suddenly acted like a barer of that shop and asked him the order.That victim order for a coffee.That murderer bought the coffee and gave to him and quickly left that place. On having that coffee he fell down. Satya saw that guy falling down and took him to hospital. Doctors told him that” in his coffee lots of drugs were added in it and he died, sorry for it”.

Satya went to that shop and was investigating and concludes that someone had done it in wanted.Yamini enquires about that guy. Satya told her that”he died, I am having a doubt whether this guy murder is also related with those previous murder?”

After a long time he met her brother Adi and was chatting with him in a roadside, near to him there was a big hotel.While they were speaking a guy ran and came from that hotel and pushed Satya down without noticing him,that guy was chased by the hotel management.They were unable to catch that guy. Satya went to his office he gets a call from that hotel regarding a murder. He was shocked to hear them because during that murder he was at the same spot. He went there to see the victim’s body and saw a man killed with a plastic bag and a rope. For him it looked like a suicide case. One seeing the reports it was proved that it’s a murder.

Has it became more than a month he got lots of pressure from the government for finding murderer in this series kills. He goes to that hotel again to see the spy cam. He was able to see the murderer from the backside only.The murderer was so wise and intelligent as he didn’t showed his face. He thinks that he’s so close to that guy and guesses murderer had only dashed him while running.

He was reading some files for finding that murderer and was looking on all his clues.Yamini was not well she was asked to take rest for a day in hospital. Adi and Satya stayed in that hospital and took care of her.At that time a doctor came and asked to them”is anyone having B- group? It’s very urgent”

Adi told that he’s having the same blood group and goes to donate. Satya felt boring and was seeing spy cam tv. He saw that same guy from back but was unable to see his face again when that guy turned it was Aditya. He was shocked to see it and thinks about that B- blood group, he confuses himself a lot but thinks that during that hotel murder he was next to him and also thinks that some other guy must have only done it. He was in great tension and thought that it would be coincidence and questioned himself “if it’s true means?”

He went and told to that hospital staff to take DNA test with that blood sample(Adi’s blood) which would give him accurate result without any confusion.Yamini was discharged she went to her course as always. Satya thought he would not be the murder and again thinks about his hotel murder (he was next to him only). He was waiting for seeing that report(Yamini was next to him) .On seeing that report he was shocked they were matching. He plans to arrest him and was thinking about that hotels murder and questions himself “who would have done that one?”

Satya was searching for him at all places but could not find him. He remembered that Yamini was only standing next to him while getting that reports and went to see her. He went to her house. She told him to wait and will be back after her shower. In meanwhile he starts to search for a clue in her home. He searched all the shelf and saw a video camera in a shelf and starts to watch the clipping,in that”at first he saw Adi tying the hands of a guy and taking blood from his body in a syringe and injecting to that guy, secondly he saw that terrible murder done on Ravi,third was not recorded has it was coincidence murder and he was shocked to see the fourth murder the guy in the hotel, it was murdered by Yamini in a suicide method. He also saw their sketch on their next guy named Raja.When she came after shower he did not spoke to her anything because he was waiting to catch both of them in right time. He told her that he came simply to see her and leaves the place.

Satya went and informed to Raja regarding it and asked him not to kill any of them. Satya was in Raja’s house that day. Raja was sitting in his house with few rowdies. A courier man came to deliver the post at that time Raja went to sign on receiving that post. Suddenly that guy took his knife to stab him, Raja noticed and blocked that guy. Satya was shocked to see it,it was Yamini who acted like a man. One of the rowdy came to stab her. Satya shouted”noo!!” but unfortunately she was killed. Satya came out of his hidden place and cried like anything on seeing her and went to fight against Raja all those rowdies blocked him.

Suddenly Adi came to that spot and fought with all those rowdies. Atlast Satya,Adi and Raja were alone standing.Raja told”Adi must be killed”.

Satya told “no,I will take care of him.

Adi told”he must be killed,Satya I think you came to know everything, she told me regarding your doubt on us,he destroyed my family,Yamini’s family and many others not only him the other guy’s whom we killed were also doing this same job”.

On hearing to his lines Satya was shocked,he came to know that Yamini and Adi were not brother’s and sister’s he asks him to say furthermore details about them.He told that “I was living at Trichy happily with my family,we had an empty land there,those land was grabbed by those rowdies, our dad complained to the cops those rowdies came and warned my dad to withdraw the case. He did not accept to them and so they killed my dad and mom, I was helpless.I was hiding in my home at that time and I came to know about Yamini’s situation on watching news channel, it was same has my situation for her also,we both planned to take revenge on those guys and also thought that there are many rowdies like them and were targeting at many of them but she loved you sincerely and died at last”.

While speaking Raja suddenly stabbed Adi. Adi died at that spot. Satya took his gun and without thinking he shot Raja.He felt lot for both for both and considered that the same situation must not happen for further to anyone. He arranged for the press meet and told to public that”this series of murder was done by two persons,they are particularly killing on the rowdies and the people who are grabbing the public land. If any rowdies having interest to live stop your activities on public otherwise those two guys will kill you, I am unable to stop them,only if you rowdies stop you are activities they can be stopped”.

__END__

