Short Story – Angel of Mine

Photo Credit: 

I thought I was the only one in the world that wasn’t normal until I met him that day. I don’t know if that day was the best one in my whole life or the contrary. The only thing I am entirely sure of is the fact that he changed my way of treating myself and the way he changed my entire existence. Before that day I was the center of attention to all the people of my neighborhood. They called me many names that I was starting to believe really suited me. My parents were disappointed and my brothers bullied me every time I told them I had a guardian angel beside me all the time. He was a little kid just like me back then with the only difference being that he had feathery, black wings on his back. He used to play with me all the time, but when I started to grow up and believing in what other people said he disappeared one day.

I spent the rest of my days waiting and crying for him to come back.  Not even the psychologist my parents took me to could help me. Nicholas liked to read. He would read all the time to me, so when I enrolled in college I spent most of the days in the library just reading even if I wasn’t interested in the words the books exposed to my sight. One day this handsome guy sat in front of me and grinned when I looked from the book to meet his emerald eyes.

“You don’t seem interested in what you’re reading,” he stated, but instead of answering I just stayed quiet. “I missed you,” he added then.

The moment he said those words I understood who I was in front of. My guardian angel had finally returned to me.  As soon as he saw the recognition on my face, he spread his beautiful wings and gave me that handsome smile. After the encounter I met up with my friends at our usual table and they also recognized the strange expression and posture I wore. They decided to ask me what was wrong.

I stuttered, but finally managed, “I saw him again.”

“Amy, you know what happened the last time you told that to people,” Claire reminded me.

“Come on, guys! You say you’re crazy like me, be crazy enough to believe then,” I pleaded.

“We are as crazy as yo-” Angel started saying, but trailed off as he looked at my side with wide eyes.

He had seen him and one by one they started having the same reaction. They finally saw Nicholas. I was not the only one anymore. Of course, they started asking him questions as to meet him and all that. The next day I was still so happy that I told my parents, but they just ignored me and told me it was my turn to clean the roof. I, obediently, went to do as told. My mother waited for me in the backyard and as I swept leaves off the roof, I lost my balance and started to fall. My mother shouted my name with worry and horror. She was not happy with my way of being, but she was my mother still and mothers’ instincts never fade away. As I slipped off the edge, Nicholas caught my hand and pulled me up onto his arms then brought me down to my mother, who stared with wide eyes at that man that had saved my life. She was speechless and immobilized by shock.

My name is Amy, I am nineteen years old and I believe in the existence of my guardian angel, Nicholas. Are you crazy enough to believe in him, too?

__END__

