Horror Short Story – The Punishment

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a dark chilly night in Hudson, but aside that, nothing out of the ordinary.

Me and Garcy decided to go out for a late night stroll seeing as there was nothing to do at the house. I combed my long blonde hair threw on a sweater and ran off into the night, leaving Garcy back at the front porch. She ran up to me as fast as she could because everyone who goes to Hudson High knows Garcy was completely petrified of the dark, she can’t even have the lights off during a lockdown drill or she freaks.

She was shaking in her boots saying over and over let’s go back, let’s go back, Hannah can we please go back?! I kept telling her to man up!

“Where are we going anyway?!” Garcy asked.

I thought about it for a second and said “How about the park?”

Garcy nodded her head but before she could say a word I quickly said “The one across town… The one next to St Carlton’s Cemetery.”

She paused dead in her tracks. “No Hannah no!! We both know that places is majorly haunted!! I don’t know about you but I don’t feel like dying tonight?!”

I didn’t responded for a second because deep down ever since I watched my little brother Billy get hit by a bus, I did, I wanted to die, everyday I’d wake up and begin to cry. I’d picture Billy’s short red hair, his baby blue eyes and the smile that lit up the entire room. That’s why everyone thought I had this new found courage by always doing dangerous and daring things, but it wasn’t courage, it was the sheer want to die.

I turned to Garcy and said “Come on, don’t be a bi*ch! I’ll protect you.”

She didn’t say anything and followed me across town making snide comments about how she didn’t want to die and not see how The Vampire Diaries ended or being able to see France with her honors French class..

We finally got to the park and we immediately ran to the top of the jungle gym. The perfect spot to see the entire cemetery, what a view… It was always beautiful.

As I’m admiring the view thinking of the memories me and Billy had here, Garcy pokes me and asks me if I’m ready to go because she was cold. Just as I’m about to say yes I see something moving in the cemetery, it looked like a elderly man except he seemed injured pretty bad.

I ran down the slide and into the graveyard I couldn’t leave the man hurt. Garcy starts to panic and runs after me screaming my name. I’m looking all around and the mans nowhere to be seen… Neither is Garcy.

I start to look around for Garcy and next thing I hear is a mortifying screech. I realized the scream was Garcy and I ran as fast as I could but it was to late… She was on the ground and she was ripped apart blood all over the ground, and a big gash across her stomach. She was still breathing… I sat down next to her and started telling her it will be okay. She looked at me and under her breathe said “Hannah… Don’t turn off the light” and after that she laid there completely lifeless. I ran to find help.

As I’m running down to the exit, I fell into a hole, an empty grave. I quickly climb out and I saw the engraving on the tombstone and I became completely pail, the stone said on it “Here Lies Billy P. Samson, the boy with the bright eyes.” I fell to the ground all the strength in me had been destroyed in an instant.

I see a hand climb out of the hole, Billy crawled out of the hole I backed up in a panic and he looked me dead in the eye. “Why didn’t you save me Hannah? Why didn’t you try? Did you not love me Hannah?”

I began to cry again “I wanted to save you Billy I really did I couldn’t get there fast enough…”

He walked over to me an said “I don’t believe you Hannah” and walked out of the Cemetery outside the park and into the street.

I ran after him, just as I’m about to catch up to him I see him cross the street and a big yellow bus comes and slams into him. I dropped to my knees and broke down. I look ebbing me and I see a dark figure, he laughed and laughed and said you couldn’t save him, you had two chances and you failed. You don’t deserve to live, but I have a better punishment for you.

My alarm clock went off and I woke up. My mom ran into my room and told me Garcy was found dead last night at St. Carlton’s Cemetery and her body was found alone wish a deep cut on her stomach… That’s when I realized it all happened Billy did die twice and my punishment was to live with it for the rest of my life.

__END__

