Suspense Short Story – Enigma

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Riley was running through the road at his fastest pace. He rushed through the station gate panting heavily. The train has gained its speed and was almost out of the platform. Riley moved even faster. He had to catch this train. It wasn’t the first time he was running to catch a train. As a matter of fact he was quite accustomed to this though every other living soul on the platform would definitely think that he’s going to miss the train. He got into the train and sat next to the window, relaxed that he was in the train. The day was sliding under the dusk. He looked through the window at the countryside that was now turning grey. His mind still set on the busy streets, the people and the hustle and bustle of the city. His love for an escape to the city was unfathomable though he knew he could never settle down there.

****

Riley stayed with his mother and two little brothers in the middle of the forest. There were hardly a few houses more around theirs. His childhood encircled people who always warned him about the city. They said that the city is not fit for them and Riley being one of them was no exception. He had no idea why they say so till he grew up. But his eagerness to see the city never left him and one day finally he slipped away from his land. That was the beginning. Each day since then he visited the city, roaming around across the roads and then catching the last train before evening to get back home.

****

The impression of the girl on the glass window was clear enough for Riley to understand her expressions. He could see that the girl was staring at him. But something was bothering Riley. He was feeling uncomfortable for reasons he knew. He got up from his seat and made his way to the washroom. He came back after a while feeling better and took a sip at his glass of juice. Riley had an impressive physique of a man just leaving behind his adolescent fervor. He was taller than most of those at his age and his neatly done blonde hair gave him an additional glaze. He looked at the girl who was still staring at him and smiled.

 

Riley smiled again and Ainsley fell in love with him at once. She kept on admiring Riley and was also fascinated by the choice of the red juice he was sipping at times. The color of the juice suited his personality she thought. She was almost daydreaming now, occasionally looking at him with shy eyes. She was dying to strike a conversation with him but Riley suddenly stood up in a hurry.

He pointed to the one he went some times before. He was by the door now. He looked back at her and smiled before he jumped off the train. Ainsley was taken aback by his glistening long sharp fangs in which was etched his blood-thirstiness. Her eyes instantly moved towards the washroom Riley asked her not to use, from which now was flowing a red fluid.

__END__

