Suspense Short Story – The Mistress

Something pinched my arms,made me wake up with a startle… A sharp hard object was peeking in my marrow.. I couldn’t see it clearly… My eyes hardly opened and with that faint eyes I could see her in her white gown.. Her blue eyes were staring at me as she pushed my blood from the syringe into a pot.. and then like the other days she whispered in my ears “This will soon be over my dear” then she kissed on my forehead and left the room..

I tried to catch her hand and pull her towards me.. all I wanted is to stare at her bright bluish eyes.. Those were the world to me but I was so tired and dizzy that my hands barely moved.. she left the room..Before leaving she looked back at me for a second.. Ahh those eyes.. I wanted to stare at it all throughout my life.. my love.. my mistress..why are you going away from me.. don’t you know that any moment you leave me I start deteriorating,I start dying… I wonder where she is going, going out to that cruel world.. the world that told me to not to stay with her..They had insisted me innumerable times to run, run away from her,from that house.. Even my best friend Rogers..

Yes I remember that even he told “Brother,please don’t ever listen to me,but for now please run away from that woman,she is not a good lady brother,haven’t you seen her eyes!!??have you ever seen such wicked eyes in any bloody woman in this universe!!please brother get away from her”

Shame on you Rogers.. I thought you my best friend.. doesn’t he know that she is my love, my mistress and I can’t leave without her. Why does he always tells me to leave her,to run away from her?? What can be the reason that he wants me to leave her.. Has he ever seen any beautiful lady than my mistress.. Maybe he also wanted to get her.. yes this can be the reason that he does not want me to stay with her..thats why she is trying to separate me from her.. Oh why didn’t I get your ugly intentions Rogers.. shame.. shame on you Rogers..I thought you my best friend and you betrayed me you loser!!..

Oh you have come back to me my dear.. where did you go??!! don’t you know how lonely I feel when you leave me on this bed with my illness and go outside this room.. don’t you see how weak I have become??!! I can hardly talk,I have become so weak my dear.. but still you didn’t leave me.. oh thats how much you love me my dear..I don’t know why I am getting this weak these days.. Do you remember those nights we spent together few months back before my health deteriorated we used to talk, make love, caress each other..and when I would wake up the next morning the first thing that I heard was your sleepy coughy voice.. but now you see I have weakened to this worst extent..I can’t even spent time with you now..will not I get back to my normal condition??.. will this pain never end??

 “your suffering will end soon my dear” she said and smiled as she traced her fingers through my hair and then I don’t remember when I fell asleep in her arms..

Next morning I woke up due to some disturbances.. I can’t see her in the room…

 Ohh..wait wait!!where am I right now.. I am not in my bedroom..and why are my hands tied??.. I am lying on a steel stretcher.. where the hell I am in!!?? the rusty smell in this room with this big star drawn on floor candles around it.. oh I can’t see clearly. where the hell am I?? Who has bought me to this place?? What did he do to my wife?? “Eh who the hell is playing this shitty tricks on me” wait.. wait..somebody’s coming.. oh there is she.. my love.. my mistress.. in a black gown.. her hair all loose..barefeet.. why is she murmuring like that.. her eyes looking so tensed than ever..

“Who has tied me up like this dear and where the hell are we now??” I asked.. she didn’t reply.. just gave a wry smile like she always gives..kept on murmuring.. then she picked up a bowl.. yeah..I remember this bowl. the other day I saw she pushed my blood into this bowl..then she came towards me.. ohh f##k.. she poured the liquid from the pot all over me..it was blood..

“What the hell are you doing?? 

Next time when I woke up I found myself in the hospital.. In my cabin I found Rogers talking to a doctor.. Rogers came to me when he saw me wake up “Thank me that I reached you on time otherwise your mistress would ripped your head off..she was trying to sacrifice you for herself.. but I never did let you loose brother,I got eyes on you brother” he said.. but I couldn’t correlate.. why would she do that to me!! why didn’t she harm me before?? why now?? still I couldn’t believe in Rogers and what about my lady??!!Rogers smashed her head,I have seen it..

“what did you do to her Rogers??you killed her you bas##rd!!” I would have killed Rogers then but he held me so tight and the doctor injected something in my veins.. I lost all my senses and fell asleep..

Something pinched my bones which woke me up.. don’t know for how much time I was asleep.. I saw a nurse drawing out my blood samples.. “Where is Rogers?” I asked

“In hell” she replied “what kind of friend do you have who tries to separate a man from his mistress!!” she replied with a smile.. this smile..there was something in that I was well aware of..”You don’t have to worry about Rogers dear” she added and then looked at me.. ahh those familiar eyes,I have lived with it for many days.. they were brighter than I have ever seen it before.. those were the eyes of my love.. those were the eyes of my mistress….

–END–

