Murder Mystery – The Crimson Diaries -Part-I

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Rajesh you’re going to be late for your office again”, chirped Anjali as she turned around face to face with Rajesh. “Same can be said for you too, darling”, Rajesh interrupted while smiling.Anjali rose, placing the white bed sheet over her naked breasts. Rajesh and Anjali were living in a dream, or so it seemed. They were living in for the last 3 years in their small but cozy and heavily furnished apartment in the newly created posh 1300 sq. ft. apartment in sector V of Salt Lake.

Not having worked, she got up, tied the bed sheet itself in the form of a nighty and went to make hot coffee just the way Rajesh liked it. Rajesh was madly in love with Anjali and just some days back in their 3

 anniversary Rajesh gifted her a precious diamond set using most of his savings and Anjali was no step further when Rajesh realized he had been a gainer of a Diamond tipped Mont Blanc classic fountain pen and a Titan gold hand watch, and for these Anjali depleted her previous years provident fund. It was like the story of the “Gift of the Magi”. Yes Rajesh and Anjali were the Gen Y of India and the country’s future depends on people like them.

Everyday Rajesh would get into his newly bought i10 car at precisely 8:10 am and would drop Anjali down at sector II where she was a teacher with the private school and he would get off at sector V at the MNC where he worked at an important position (well everybody reckoned he was an important employee and so did he himself was of the opinion that he was), but the bitter truth was he was just the software engineer that every parent dreams his son will be if not a doctor.

The story begins with the death of Rajesh’s Girlfriend cum fiancé in a desolate and empty lane of the city of joy. Rajesh dearly loved her- well he was having an affair with their neighbor (well they were in a live-in relationship for the past 3 years), so what he loved her dearly and was weeping over her dead body. The yellow street lamp fell perfectly on the knife wounds and the crimson hue on the street reflected the pale black night sky above. The lipstick she wore as well as the perfume were her favorite, just saved for the occasion (she was supposed to meet Rajesh for their 3

 anniversary) and instead Rajesh found himself attending his fiancé’s dead body.

She looked lovely even when she was dead, people who circled him were gasping and were making muffled cries. Rajesh for the last time saw her and found that from the places where the killer had pushed the knife, a steady flow of blood was still coming out forming a small puddle where the sky above had formed a perfect reflection along with the street light. Sadly Rajesh savored her smell for the last time before giving away to the authorities and the hospital people for completing the formalities. The city of joy lost the vividly emotions it once had down a stick.

Rajesh let out a deep painful cry, “NOOO what have I done? What have I done?” He continued repeating the line over and over again. It took the authorities quite some time to separate between Rajesh and Anjali’s lifeless body.

(To be continued)

***

