Suspense Short Story – PRIVATE DETECTIVE

Photo credit: 

 from 

Porter is a clever young man. People use to praise him as a smart and bold man. He had his post graduation in a famous University. He is young and energetic. He could not decide that which line will be suitable for him. He believes that education is not the scale for a man to be employed in a particular field.

He loves crime fiction, mystery fiction and thriller fiction very much.

“Hey buddy! You are not a layman. You look like a very smart and cute detective. “

“……………”

“Yes man, you really look like James Bond. Anybody can see you as a great detective.”

These are the comments of his friends. These comments left some thoughts in his mind. Porter thought that he can be a private detective.

A detective is the word that shows the image of James Bond and his girls. Porter thought that a detective should be like James Bond who is a licensed killer. Porter likes to be like James Bond. If so he can be very smart, active and he will have access to beautiful girls and a very rich life also. This thought made him to attend an interview to become a detective.

This interview is for a private detective for a detective agency ”Globe & You”. The interview went on like this and Porter answered the questions with great ease.

“Who is the detective of the writer Satyajit Ray?”

“Pradosh ‘Feluda’ Mitra”

“Who is the detective of the writer Agatha Christie?”

“Hercule Poirot”

“Who is the detective of the writer Arthur Conan Doyle?”

“Pipe-smoking detective well known Sherlock Homes”

“Who is the detective of the famous writer GK Chesterton?”

“Father Brown”

“Who is the detective of the famous writer Erle Stanely Gardner?”

“Perry Mason”

“Who is the creator of James Bond?”

“Ian Fleming, a British author and journalist”

“Which publication company has an award on crime writings?”

Ian Fleming Publications Ltd in UK

“What is the name of this annual award for the best thriller published in the UK?”

“The Crime Writers’ Association Ian Fleming Steel Dagger”

“How much the winner receives in this prize?”

“A prize of £2,000”

“What Ian Fleming said about a good thriller?”

“A good thriller makes 

“How do you detect a criminal, Mr porter?”

“A criminal will have a tag on his face and he takes every care in simple things also to cover as he tries not to be detected. But The smooth face or hard it may be, a criminal face is not one that can be undetected by eagle eyes of an experienced detective. I believe that a criminal is one who is more clever than us, so we have to be careful as if he is following us as our shadow.”

“Excellent! Porter… You are selected. I give you cent per cent marks.” The boss of ”Globe & You” said with a smile.

“Thank you sir.” Porter said.

He is earning very good salary 

 ”Globe & You”. His position in the Company is very good. Seniors also ask him for some clues in solving some cases. He feels very proud of his position.

The Boss Parker is one who loves porter very much. Porter is given very good place in the investigations. He participates directly in these investigation with his boss Parker.

Everyone working in ”Globe & You” started loving Porter. So Porter has become the center of attraction in “Globe & You”.

*****

The Chief Police officer Dark is observing Porter very closely and he invites Porter to the place of any crime in the city.

Dark is a strong, stout and bear like man. His eyes are always red like burning fire. His words are like bullets. If he speaks nobody opposes him. His action and reactions are piercing like his words. Nobody likes to invite bullets.

Porter saw this trend and he started opposing Dark whenever he finds some strong point to oppose. So Dark knew that if Porter is opposing any issue, it is understood that he has some point or clue to solve the problem.

One day Dark has invited Porter for dinner in his house. At that time, Parker is also there. He gave signal to Porter to accept the invitation.

“It’s my pleasure… I will come tomorrow evening sir. I will join with you.” Porter said.

Parker alerted Porter long back that Dark plays few cheap tricks to make people fooled, so we must be always careful and alert to get rid of such cheap tricks. This time Porter has accepted and he likes to know how Dark is going to play. He may say something that makes Porter misunderstand Parker.

He does not like Parker who is getting famous. He wishes that Parker should be always aback. He could not digest the idea that a private detective agency “Globe & You” is a better one than the government police department. He wishes to be on top position, not a simple private detective agency.

Porter has entered the police station to accompany Dark to his home.

Dark’s assistant Rutherford saw him and smiled as greeting. Rutherford said to porter that Dark has gone out one hour back and he asked Porter to wait for him.

Porter sat in Dark’s room. He saw police duty pistol P99DAO. Porter knows that it is a German made Walther pistol. There are P99Q and P88 models also which he knows well. When porter took the pistol and observing it, Dark entered the room.

“Porter, it is fully loaded. Just drop it on the table.” Dark said and sat in his place.

“You are expected to keep your gun with you when you go out sir.” Porter said.

“You are right porter, but sometimes I forget to carry my duty pistol with me.”

Dark said sincerely as it is his weak point. Porter dropped the pistol on Dark’s table. Dark is serious and he looks very much tired.

“today may be a busy day for you sir.”

“Yes porter. We found a dead body of a medical college girl on beach. I did not find any clue. She is final year medicine student. She is shot right on her forehead and it looks like a point blank shot.” Dark said.

Dark shared the details of the girl dead and showed him the dead body photo also to him.

“Porter, I am very much confused about this murder. I don’t find anyone to be an accused.”

Porter has also started thinking seriously about the case. After half an hour Porter has accompanied Dark for dinner in his house.

*****

Porter gathered some information about the murdered girl Mary. She is a well behaving very nice student. She came from a poor family and she is studying with college scholarship. She has no habit to go to beach. How she has gone to beach and how she is murdered there? It is the mystery. There is nothing to be suspected.

After two days, Porter visited Dark’s home as early as 6.00 am.

Porter is waiting in the hall. Dark came out of his bed room. It is too early for him. Dark gets ready usually around seven in the morning.

“We have to talk sir.” Porter said.

Dark did not answer. He walked in to his personal office room directly. Nobody comes in to this room. Dark only takes any one on official purpose to this room.

“I have gathered some material about the murdered medico Sir. I had some clues.” Porter said.

“I think it is too early to come to my home and discuss about the case. But I like your commitment porter.”

“Thank you sir, I am sorry to say that the murderer of Marry is in this house.”

What porter said is like a bullet going straight in to Dark’s heart. Porter explained his theory.

“Please check the bullets in your pistol sir”

Dark checked his fully loaded P99DAO. All the bullets in the pistol are intact.

“Where are the other bullets that are supplied to you by the department sir?” Porter asked politely

Dark hurriedly opened his draw and checked the secret place where he kept the rest 10 bullets. He found only 9 bullets there. One bullet is missing. Dark was unhappy at the result of porter’s investigation, but truth is always powerful. He checked the medical report and the bullet found in Mary’s body is the same bullet missing from his secret place.

Dark called his office. In another 15 minutes, his assistant Rutherford came to arrest Dark’s son Nick who is the co student of the murdered medico Mary. Dark is a sincere police officer and he will not spare any criminal, even if he is his own son.

Nick was the secret lover of Mary. Only one or two close friends of Mary know this secret. Mary was pregnant and Nick thought that his father will not accept this girl as she is very poor and her father was a criminal who went to jail number of times.

Nick planned to murder Mary to get rid of the impending problem. He knows that Mary will not go to Beach. He called her to beach to get the case confused. Nick used his father’s P99DAO and murdered Mary. He also took some other precautions to make this case weak.

Boss Parker was amazed at this case and he wanted to know how his young detective solved this case.

“How did you know that Nick is the murderer ?”  Parker asked porter.

“I have gathered the information about Mary. Mary uses a mobile and her mobile is missing. I doubted Mary’s roommate Diana. I met her and I said that I am the senior police officer and if anything relating the murder is not revealed she will be in jail. I came to know that Nick has already made her too much frightened. She is timid and law binding girl. She told me that on the previous evening Mary forgot her mobile. Diana kept this mobile secretly. She gave me the mobile Mary was using. I found that the last call is from Nick. I gathered more information from Diana. She told me that Mary was pregnant. She helped me to solve case Sir.” Porter said.

“You are a private detective. You could have helped Dark.” Boss looked in to porter’s eyes.

“Sir, I know you and also Dark better. You give in your life priority for your duty. You love truth and honesty. Even if I am a private detective, I am not a criminal to help the criminals sir. Dark was bold and he did not say a word when I have revealed the secret. He is a Gem sir. He is a honest police office and we all have to salute him. What I did is just my duty sir.” Porter said with satisfaction.

“I know. You are right Porter.” Parker replied with full of satisfaction.

_END_

