Suspense Short Story – Murderer

Photo credit: 

 from 

I loved the way my dagger pierced their chests. I enjoyed the sickening sound of their flesh opening, their painful expressions, their screeches, their struggles to get free, their blood flowing like a tap turned on. The two culprits are dead.

Sitting here, in the jail cell, waiting for the executioner to announce my name, I closed my eyes and a flash back started. My mom died at my birth. My dad was my only treasure. We both loved each other and were the best friends. Everything was perfect until that horrendous morning, when I woke up to find dad stabbed deep in the chest. The scene is imprinted on my brain. The purple cotton sattan bed sheet drenched in blood. Eyes bulging out, mouth hanging open, tied with ropes, arms lying lifeless at his sides and the dagger stabbed so deep. The left side of chest was nearly split open.

I was sensible enough to call the FBI right away. I knew who the murderers were, the moment I entered dad’s laboratory to find a tornado-hit place. He was a scientist and Mr. Dave and Mr. Ben were after his research on the Bermuda triangle as dad was ready to resolve its mystery. I dragged the case to Supreme Court but there was no proof, no fingerprints, not even a single hint of the murderer hence the case was closed. I started getting face-to-face threats from Mr. Ben. I did everything I could that the reopening of the police’s minds needed money.

I was not able to buy a piece of bread, how could I buy a whole bunch of police officers. No one ever cared how a 17-year-old boy would manage all this mess. Mr. Dave and Mr. Ben were unable to find any of my dad’s documents and could not even crack the code of dad’s laptop thus; Bermuda triangle is still a mystery.

That was why I killed them. I know I did wrong but tell me, was this all justified? At least my father will rest in peace. Mine will be a happy death too but one thing is still torturing me; I was born as a murderer and I died as a murderer.

P.S.  The password of dad’s laptop is “murder.” Go unsolved the mystery of Bermuda triangle…

__END__

