Story of Revenge – Youn (In This Way??)

Photo credit: 

 from 

 This is just an imagination of my subconscious mind; it has nothing to do with real life of anyone. I have written or better to say imagined this story when I had the toughest time of my life which I have experienced till now.  It is a message from me; whatever I have seen in our society it’s all about that. India in past two years has witnessed few changes have come in our society but still significant effort from everyone is the demand of the situation. So this story is an initiative from me what I wanted to convey to my readers. This is the story of a gangster or better to say a person who has lost everything in his life. He has left with no choice to take revenge from those who are responsible for his present life. In all the stories I have read there is a villain and hero or kind of. I am from the same planet on which you people are so my story also has “A Hero”, who is the hero; you will come to know after reading this story.

In our society different type of person are there, one are those who know they are wrong but still they will try to prove them right, second are those who know they are right but will never try or even think to prove them right .I don’t know exactly from where to start my story, in Hindi films I have always noticed all hit and super hit story starts either from flashback or from the childhood days of the leading character. I have chosen an orphanage where one of the leading characters of my story has spent his childhood. Second leading character of this story has a very colourful life means he has got everything in his life a good family, good friends, good parents who fulfil all his requirements. How life turns and these two characters face each other its all very interesting.

*********

 

ACP Ranveet Bardhawa has come to the orphanage where he spent his childhood days and he is very reputed officer of police now. Ranveet Bardhawa is an orphan he got his name on the owner of his orphanage Somdevdev Bardhawa, who later adopted him and today is twenty first death anniversary of Somdevdev Bardhawa. Many kids are there who are very happy to see Ranveet Bardhawa at their orphanage; he is a role model for all the kids. Ranveet goes to a group of child who are praying for Somdevdev Bardhawa.

Ranveet -Heyy, listen come here.

Child (Ashul)-Yes uncle.

Ranveet-What is your name?

Child- Ashul.

Ranveet-Do you go to school?

Child- yes, I am in sixth standard.

Ranveet-what do you like?

Child-I love cricket sir.

Ranveet-What do you want to become?

Child- A famous cricketer like Sachin Tendulker who can hit six sixes in six balls like Yuvraj Singh.

Ranveet (laughs)-okay. That’s really good.

Child-Sir, I also like Salman Khan.

Ranveet-yes I can understand why all kids are just crazy behind Salman Khan.

Child-I also like you.

Ranveet-That’s the problem of our young generation they really don’t know what they do in their life.

 

Ranveet gets a call to reach police station because commissioner wants to meet him. Today Brihat Pratixit, The commissioner of police has come to meet ACP Ranveet to discuss about the case of Kharsawa Singh. Kharsawa Singh is a criminal who is running from police for quite a long time. ACP Ranveet has a very good police record, so the commissioner called him to give the case of Kharsawa Singh.

Commissioner-Ranveet, today I am going to give you the most important case of your life.

Ranveet-I know sir, you are talking about Kharsawa Singh. I have heard something about him, he has been accused for murder, robbery but he has never been caught.

Commissioner-You are absolutely right, but do you know why he was never arrested?

Ranveet-May be, our Leader.

Commissioner- Sorry.

Ranveet-I mean he is working for them.

Commissioner-No Ranveet even some of Leaders are very much afraid of him.

Ranveet- But why?

Commissioner-He will kill them, that is why.

Ranveet-okay, so he is against them.

Commissioner- Not only them. He is against everyone.

Ranveet-He seems to be a socialist.

Commissioner- Kind of.

Ranveet- Okay.

Commissioner-The person who inspired him to become a gangster is under our custody. So he will help to arrest him.

Ranveet-But why will he help us?

Commissioner-Actually they have some differences now, Anyways that is their problem. Taheer wants Kharsawa to get arrested.

Ranveet- Okay, Where is this Taheer?

Commissioner-Inspector Mahim Vijay will take you there; he will be working with you in this case. You will have to leave for Twang (Arunachal Pradesh) day after tomorrow with him.

Ranveet- Okay sir.

Commissioner-Some details are there in this file regarding this case, just read this.

Ranveet- Okay sir.

Commissioner- Best of luck officer.

Ranveet- Thank you sir.

Ranveet leaves commissioner’s office. Outside Muhim Vijay is waiting for him.

Muhim- Sir.

Ranveet-You are Muhim?

Muhim-yes sir, people used to call me Vijay.

Ranveet-okay Vijay come to my chamber, Lets discuss about the case.

Muhim- Of course sir.

Ranveet-Lets go.

Ranveet-please have a seat Vijay.

Muhim- Thank you sir.

Ranveet-So tell me Vijay what do you know about Kharsawa Singh case?

Muhim- Sir, I know everything about him, we both were in same college.

Ranveet-You are feeling very much proud for him!

Muhim-Sir as far as I know that person he is not at all bad, I know what had happened with him and how he became so..

Ranveet-I will be very happy to know more about this “Kharsawa Singh”.

Muhim- Sorry sir his name is not Kharsawa Singh.

Ranveet-Okay, then what is his real name?

Muhim-Sir his real name is Abhas.

Ranveet-Then how he became Kharsawa Singh?

Muhim-Sir it’s not Kharsawa Singh. It is actually Kharpan Singh, Sawathi Charan Rai and Tilpaniya Singh.

Ranveet-I am sorry Vijay still I cant understand you.

Muhim- Sir these three are his enemies, named Kharpan Singh, Sawathi Charan Rai and Tilpaniya Singh.

Ranveet-It seems interesting, so are these three responsible for whatever he is now.

Muhim- Yes sir.

Tring Tring  the phone rings, Ranveet receives the call.

From the other end (phone)-Ranveet come to my chamber.

Ranveet- okay sir.

Ranveet-okay Vijay we will discuss this later, commissioner sir has called me. I will meet you afterwards.

M- Okay sir.

Ranveet leaves the room and goes to commissioner’s chamber.

Ranveet-May I come in sir.

Commissioner- come in.

Commissioner leaves the chamber with Ranveet and they go outside the room together.

Ranveet-Where are we going sir?

Commissioner-Ranveet I am taking you to my home.

Ranveet-Why suddenly home sir.

Commissioner-Ranveet I have one daughter and I want you to meet her.

Ranveet-But all of a sudden why do you want to introduce me to your family members?

Commissioner-Actually Ranveet I want you to marry my daughter after this Kharsawa case. And my wife wants to meet you.

Ranveet-But sir you know that I am an orphan; still you want me to marry your daughter.

Commissioner-As far as I know you Ranveet you are the best man for my daughter.

Ranveet-Sorry sir but can I ask you one thing?

Commissioner-of course

Ranveet-Have you told your daughter about this?

Commissioner- No.

Ranveet-Have you asked her whether she love someone?

Commissioner-Don’t Worry Ranveet she is my daughter. You tell me whether you like anyone else?

Ranveet-No, Not at all. Do you think I have time for all these things?

Commissioner-Then what’s the problem? Heyy, here we are, my home has come.

Ranveet-(smiles and comes out of the car)

Both enter the house Brihat introduces Ranveet to his family.

Mrs Brihat-Come sit son. We have heard too much about you. He (Brihat) always praises you.

Ranveet- Thank you Mam.

Mrs Brihat-That’s not the way son, I am narrating you son and you are calling me Mam.

Ranveet-Sorry Mam (smiles)

Mrs Brihat-Its okay.

Then their daughter arrives there, Mr Brihat introduces her to Ranveet.

Mr Brihat-This is my daughter Rayena.

Rayena-Hi nice meeting you sir, bye.

Mr Brihat-heyy where are you going? Ranveet has especially come here to meet you.

Rayena- Me?

Mr Brihat-Yes, you. He is the ACP Ranveet.

Rayena-But what I have done? Sir I have not done anything.

Ranveet (feels speechless) – No, no, Mam you have not done anything?

Mr Brihat (stares Ranveet) – Mam?

Rayena-I have to go dad, ACP sir can we meet on Sunday.

Ranveet- Sure.

Rayena-Okay bye ACP sir.

Mr Brihat-Wow Ranveet she is calling you sir and you are calling her Mam. Such a great start of a love story.

Ranveet-Sir I don’t love your daughter.

Mr Brihat-Sorry!

Ranveet-I mean sir your daughter doesn’t know why I have to your home and I am an ACP so for sure she will call me “sir”.

Mr Brihat-Oho you understood her in very first meeting, not a bad start.

Ranveet- Please sir.

Mr Brihat-Okay, Okay.

Ranveet-Shall I go sir?

Mrs. Brihat-No, have lunch with us first, very soon you will be my son-in-law.

Ranveet-Sorry Mam but I was discussing a very important case with Vijay. Sunday I will be coming on Sunday.

Mrs. Brihat-No excuse.

Finally Ranveet sits there and takes lunch there. While having lunch he gets a call that he has to go in a function to check the security arrangements of a minister Tilpaniya Singh.

Ranveet (After completing the lunch) – Okay sir I think I should leave now.

Mr Brihat-Yes Do come on Sunday.

Ranveet- Sure sir.

Finally Ranveet get involved in checking security arrangements and he doesn’t get time for Kharsawa case on that same day.

Other side Muhim Vijay reaches his home where his son is waiting for him. Vijay has one son, Vijay’s wife passed in a train accident since then Muhim has kept one maid Shivani to look after his son named Karthik. Muhim and his son take their dinner and they went to sleep.

 

To Continue Click on Page Below…

