So to start off this story we have to go back before the beginning of number one, that’s right, this is a prequel. So when Gabriel was just five years old he began to get beat everyday by both of his parents until age 8 where he finally got tired of it and killed both of his parents and personally called the cops so the cops arrived and saw him sitting in the middle of a pool of blood in between both of his parents who laid there dead on the floor they didn’t think Gabe did it they took Gabe to a foster home where they abused him every day until the day that he killed them and lit the whole house on fire. He then again called the police and this time they believed he was behind both sets of murders so they put him in a psych ward for 3 years. Once he turned 11 they let him go and he moved in with his aunt and uncle.

His first day of school he met jasper and he thought they could be best friends so he would try and come over to his house or play games with him but he was always with Spencer . One day Gabe tries to talk to Spencer and asks if he can hang out with both of them. Spencer says no because they were going to there other friends house. Spencer also said besides why would we hang out with a weirdo like you. As he laughed and walked away he turned back to see Gabe standing in the middle of the road still upset about what Spencer said.

Gabe tried many times after this to be friends with Spencer and Jasper and still no budging except for one day Spencer goes to Gabe and asks if he wants to play with them after school. So Gabe goes to Spencer’s house and knocks on the door no answer. So then he goes to Jasper’s house, knocks, no answer. So again upset he starts to walk home as a single tear rolls down his face. Just one block away from his house he sees an opening between two houses that lead to a big field.

As he starts to walk past it he hears a noise coming from field so he goes to find out what it was. He sees spencer walking toward the river bank with a bag. Spencer grabs a nearby shovel and starts digging a very deep hole but just as he was about to throw the bag in the hole Gabriel comes behind him. ‘’ Why did you stand me up’’ said Gabe.

“ I didn’t! We were supposed to meet after school outside.’’ said Spencer.

“ You’re lying, you and jasper ran from me at school,’’

‘’ We running to get on the bus, we thought you were behind us.’’ said Spencer.

‘’ What are you hiding in the bag and why are you burying it.’’ said Gabe.

‘’None of your business just go away.’’ said Spencer as he pushed Gabe backward. Gabe falls to the ground and once he stands up he grabs the shovel from Spencer and looks at him with a very evil look in his eyes that only his parents and foster parents have seen before. Then Spencer starts stepping backward slowly until his knees are almost completely submerged in the water of the river. Spencer then realizes that he can’t swim so he has a decision to make try to swim and drown or run as fast as he can toward his house to get help. He then turns toward the field then quickly back to the water as he lunges forward and dives under the water and tries to swim further and further into the water but his foot gets cut on something under water so he stops to look at his leg and slowly starts to sink in the water so he starts freaking out which makes him sink even quicker.

Gabe sees the struggle and rushes toward him. Gabe then tries to grab him and bring him to shore and instead Spencer lunges backward away from Gabe and he hits his head on a rock and by the time Gabe could bring him to shore he was dead. Due to blood loss. So Gabe takes the bag out of the deep hole and puts Spencer in it instead then he threw the bag in the water. He then fills in the hole and leaves. If this is true then why was spencer in the bag and no one ever discovered what was in the whole. Someone saw what Gabriel did but why didn’t he tell why didn’t he do anything. He had a secret of his own but you will not know how they are switched until the end.

–END–

