Short Story Suspense – Red

Photo credit: 

 from 

Still high from the rush of adrenaline and excitement, he taped the steering wheel of his spotless black sedan to the beat of the song that played on the radio.  His perfectly tousled coffee colored hair fell just below his eyebrows, slightly hiding his deep amber eyes from view.  He loved the way it made him look slightly mysterious; the better to attract the ladies with.  He was tall, almost six and a half feet.  He enjoyed how he always had to look down on people when he spoke to them.  It gave him a sense of authority which he thoroughly relished.  His broad shoulders were clad in a tight fitting sweatshirt under a sports jacket this afternoon.  This particular shade of red embellished the amber of his eyes wonderfully.  He worshipped the color red.

He drove steadily and pulled to a stop at a red light.  He glanced to his left and saw a woman standing by the bus sign.  She had a heavy coat on because of the brusque fall weather.  He didn’t like the way it looked on her.  It clearly hid her curves and womanly features; features he would have gladly admired.

Her hair was a dark brown, but it had a greasy look to it.  She wore too much makeup and she smoked a cigarette.  She sent an alluring smile at him, but it only proceeded to disappoint him.  He looked away disgusted, but saw out of the corner of his eye that she continued to stare at him.  Too slowly, the light turned green and he sped away.

He enjoyed the way women gave him second looks when he passed by, even if they lacked in beautiful features.  He had always been popular in high school.  His good looks always got him what he wanted, and it was there that he acquired the skill of being able to use them to his advantage.  He always had the pick of any girl he wanted to date.  They always lined up for him to take as he pleased.  But none of those things compared to his new found hobby.  Thinking back on it, he wondered why he never started earlier.

The first time it happened it was an accident; his hands had shaken violently and he had sobbed uncontrollably.  He couldn’t help but feel horrified at the time.  But not anymore; it had become a powerful love affair he could not draw himself away from, even if he wished to.

He turned on his left blinker and after waiting for a couple of cars to pass by, he pulled into the parking lot of the bank.

Holding the door for an elderly woman who smelled too strongly of perfume, he entered the building and was greeted by Maggie, the first attendant.  He liked Maggie.  She was middle aged with bright red hair and a spattering of freckles on her dainty face.  Her shoulders sloped in the most attractive way and the green shirt she wore this afternoon complimented her wonderfully.  He often wondered what it would be like to run his hands through her hair.  He had never touched red hair before and his fingers itched with the thought of it.

She always adorned herself with jewellery although her features would have sufficed without it.  She wore a necklace of gold and silver chains that circled her neck like a snake.  She had a set of bright rings on her fingers, including a wedding ring.  He may not be a complete gentleman, but he knew better than to mess with married woman.

He filled out a bank slip for a deposit, but when he turned around Maggie had been replaced by another stunning woman.  She took his breath away.  He stepped up to the counter and he couldn’t help but to admire her; all of her.

She was thin, but not unhealthy.  Her long blond hair waved tenderly all the way past her slender shoulders.  Her tight red blouse clung to her curves in the most sensuous way.  He swallowed hard and took a small breath to keep himself calm.

Her bright smile sent shocks through him and the musical tone of her voice would be his undoing.  Her round face was soft and angelic.  She wore the barest amount of makeup; just enough to accentuate her high cheek bones and copper colored eyes.  Her soft pink lips were full and almost called to him for his touch.  Her hands flitted easily over the keyboard as she filled out the information he had handed her.  One small discreet glance down to her hands revealed bare fingers.  Perfect.

“You must be very good at what you do,” she commented.  “You are making a very large deposit this afternoon.”  Her smile, bright and welcoming, had a slightly curious air about it.  Was she interested?

“Oh,” he answered distractedly, “Yes, I do very much enjoy my work.”

She shot him her dazzling smile once again as she handed him his receipt.

“It was very nice to meet you…” he said extending his hand to her.

“Samantha,” she said taking his hand.  Her skin was so impeccably smooth.

He turned from the bank station and pulled out a small pocket book he kept in his wallet.  Taking out a pen from his jacket pocket, he wrote in his bold, clear script one simple word:

Samantha

__END__

