Suspense Short Story – Wrist on Risk

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Leo, hop in!”

Boarding on his Cadillac, Alvin called his friend Leo, who was busy doing his assignments, to go with him to the town’s department store. Though partly cloudy, the two best buddies were planning to hang out and have some fun. Alvin was also planning to buy a gift for his girlfriend.

“What is this for? I can’t have it. It’s too expensive for my wrist.”

Leo was so hesitant to accept Alvin’s gift for him. He was trying to refuse to accept it but the latter insisted.

“Well, Tina would wear her brightest smile if you give her that diamond necklace,” Leo suggested.

“You think so? Well, I’m getting this one for her plus a bouquet of tulips,” Alvin responded.

Very excited to see his girlfriend, Alvin pulled Leo’s sleeve to go out of the store. He hardly stepped on the gas pedal and set the accelerator to its fastest speed.

“Hey, Alvin! Slow it down! You might be caught for over speeding. It’s too dangerous! We’re on Kennon Road.” Leo protested.

“What? I can’t hear you! Just hold your grip!” Alvin shouted.

Almost reaching the limits of his adrenaline, Alvin kept on propelling and neglected Leo’s forewarns. Instead, he steered and drifted to the curviest roads on earth.

“Watch out! An old man!” Leo cried out.

In a speed of light, wheels heated up and heartbeats eventually stopped. All that could be heard were the melodious inflation of their lungs. Not a single word would come out from the mouth of the boys. Both were confused and had nothing to think what to do. For some couple of minutes, Leo and Alvin stayed inside the car.

Pale-faced, Alvin toured his feared eyes in front of the car’s hood. He saw some blood stains. With his chest pounding, he sneaked and took a glimpse on the old man. Drenched in the pouring rain, he tried to come out of the car.

“He’s dead? No, he’s dead!” Leo exclaimed.

Leo was so alarmed that made Alvin to go back into the car. Both were trembling and staring to each other. Unexpectedly, Alvin started the engine. The muffler emitted a thick and black smoke and the rear wheels spitted some puddle of mud.

“What do you think you’re doing? Leaving such helpless old man after killing him? You’re insane!” Leo stopped Alvin.

Alvin stopped the engine and inhaled a bag of air. He tried to pacify himself by drawing out a stick of Marlboro. He lit it and let the smoke out of his nostrils.

“Now tell what to do, Mr. Dexter?” in a ridiculous manner, he asked Leo.

Silence went through every corner of the car. Heartbeats wee seemed to be very audible and it’s even louder. Then the car engine started again.

“You’re really out of your mind!” Leo shouted.

“What do you want to do? Pick him up and bring him to the hospital? We don’t know him! Tina is waiting for me!” Alvin exclaimed.

“Such argument is useless. I’m going out and I’m treating him.” Leo responded.

As a nursing student in a public university, he assisted the old man lying on the street. He lifted his body which was thoroughly wet with blood.

“Son, you have a good heart and a nice watch. It really fits you. Thank you so much,” the old man said.

Leo was so surprised when the old man talked to him and even appreciated his watch.

“No, don’t mention it but you’re welcome.” Leo replied.

While staying inside the car, Alvin witnessed their conversation. Thinking that the old man is in stable condition, he called Leo to come back inside the car.

“Hey, we’re in hurry! Leave him there and just give him cash!” Alvin shouted.

“He needs to be treated. He still bleeding and got some bruises. Will you please hand me the bandage?” Leo requested.

Alvin threw the bandage to Leo. But when Leo was about to catch it, a blinding white light cloaked the whole place. Leo was astonished and closed his eyes.

“Where is the old man?” Leo wandered.

With his one knee knelt and a bandage on his hand, Leo felt he was like being enchanted. He couldn’t find the old man anymore. Trembling, he ran and went into the car.

“Hey, what happened? Alvin asked.

“I-I-I don’t know. He’s gone. Something just flashed into my eyes. Didn’t you see it?” Leo replied.

“You must be kidding. You and the old man were just sitting there the whole time when I threw the bandage.” Alvin laughed.

“But…?” Leo insisted.

“No more buts. Fasten your belts. She’s waiting for me.” Alvin responded.

Alvin started the engine and continued driving. Leo was still bothered and couldn’t believe what just happened. What did the old man tells him kept on popping out of his mind. He was tapping his fingers on his lap. And such nuisances caught Alvin’s attention.

“Hey, got some troubles with the old man? You missed him, right?” Alvin asked Leo ironically.

It seemed that Leo didn’t hear a thing. He looked at his wrist and on his watch. He was wondering about what did the old man says about his watch.

“You have a good heart and a nice watch.”

Alvin tapped Leo’s shoulder over and over again but he looked like an Olympian who stared at Medusa. He wasn’t moving for quite some time. Worried, Alvin rapidly stepped on the brake and the car stopped under a shed of a mahogany tree.

“Hey, are you okay? Pull yourself! He’ll be alright.” Alvin said.

“No, I mean he’s like my father. The way he touches my watch reminds me of my father when he was still alive. Well, he used to give me a watch when I was a kid but I lost it.” Leo narrated.

Alvin showed no reaction upon hearing Leo’s story. He just stepped on the gas pedal and started the engine again.

“Really, it’s raining cats and dogs. And my wheels are really struggling. I should have changed it.”

Alvin was so worried with the condition of the road for the rain was really pouring hard. However, Leo was still in his silent mode and Alvin didn’t mind it. This made him to decide to take the short cut in the woods.

However, on its way to the shortcut, the wheels of the car started to wriggle. Alvin thought that it might affect his driving.

“Hey, what’s happening?” Leo asked.

Holding on his sit firmly, Leo suddenly woke up from his worrying.

“I-I-I don’t know. The steering is moving on its own. The brake losses its control.” Alvin explained.

“What are you saying? It can’t b…!”

Leo wasn’t able to continue to ask Alvin. Only scratches on the surface of the road were heard. His head hit on the dashboard and eventually lost his consciousness. Then, Alvin was trying to maneuver the car. But, it was too late for them. They had almost reached the cliff. And …all of a sudden, a loud blast was heard. The trunk and the hood were on fire.

With his head bleeding, Leo suddenly woke up. He was so confused with what had happened. He saw Alvin with his head on the steering. He tried to wake him up. He tried to move but his right foot was severely stuck when he accidentally put his sight on his watch.

“You have a good heart and a nice watch.”

Leo was reminded on what the old man said. He pulled Alvin but the fire was rapidly flaring up.

“I have to get out of this car. We need to get out before it explodes in a minute.” Leo told himself.

But before the car exploded, Leo’s watch glowed and sent forth spectra of colors. Everything turned white. Then another huge explosion suddenly occurred.

“You have a good heart and a nice watch.”

“Hey, Leo! Leo, are you alright? Leo, speak up!”

“Whaaaaaaaaaaaaa…!”

“Hey, stop screaming!”

“What? Are you alright? The car’s on fire. We need to get out!”

“Hey, calm down. What are you talking about? What’s happening to you? I’m fine and everything’s alright.”

“Huh? But ….”

“No more buts. Fasten your belts. She’s waiting for me.”

The engine started again. Leo was still thinking with what really happened, with what the old man said. He looked at Alvin and not a single bruise could be seen on him.

“Hey, what are looking at? You have a good heart and a nice watch, huh?” Alvin laughed.

“What’s with that silly laugh?” Leo asked.

“Nothing. I said that you have a very good heart and a nice watch! Hey, what happened to your watch?” Alvin interrogated.

Leo looked at his watch and was surprised when he saw some cracks and was almost broken.

“I-I-I don’t know. What I know is that your car is badly wrecked. You’re bleeding and … and were on fire.” Leo narrated.

“What! Such a good writer you are. You really weave amazing and unbelievable stories. Cut the crop, Shakespeare!” Alvin exclaimed.

“Believe me. It can’t be …!”

Leo wasn’t able to continue his argument. The car swivelled and fell into the cliff. The car’s on fire and a deafening explosion occurred.

The next day, the authorities discovered two totally burnt out bodies inside the car. A new and stain-free watch was also found on the wrist of one of the bodies.

__END__

