Suspense Short Story – Mary had a Little Lamb

Photo credit: 

 from 

For the love of my life, I couldn’t fathom as to how this innocuous poem had the ability to change my destiny for the worse. Here I was, in my attic, in the middle of a winter night clad in nothing except my flimsy nightgown and staring at the strange message up on the wall.

It was scrawled with a red crayon, a part of my brain snubbed at the atrocity the abomination caused to the beautifully white-washed walls but the saner part burnt with questions.

One being the prime of all though it could possibly have no answer: 

“Mary had a little lamb,” I mumbled to myself, as if the words said out loud would bathe me in the divine light of knowledge.

Nothing happened.

I shivered at the odd draft of air from the slightly open window.

I rose up shakily to my feet to latch up the window—it was a good thirty feet drop so apparently the 

 of this 

 was still in here somewhere.

I should have been scared—but I was just annoyed.

I was tired and I was cold and God knew how badly I wanted to snuggle into my covers and snore away to oblivion. But no, I was destined to patrol in 

like a 

intruder to catch the person in question.

I sighed.

I stepped out of the attic, locking the door noiselessly behind me. I tiptoed down the stairs, revelling in the sudden warmth of the house—the thermostat controlled the temperature of the house, but not of the attic.

The house was dark, save for the occasional slivers of the moonlight which lit up the house eerily, robbing the scenery of its colour. I managed to get myself noiselessly into the kitchen and armed myself with the biggest knife in the vicinity.

I held on to the knife with my both hands like a lifeline—afraid to letting it go.

A subtle noise from the drawing room caught my attention.

Hold on….a lamb???

What the…

I inched forward into the living room, keeping myself to the shadows. The shelves and the TV stand threw creepy-looking shadows on the walls.

I found the source of the bleating sound near the sofa—it was a tiny lamb soft-toy, bleating away.

I sighed before tensing up again.

I lifted the lamb with shaking hands as I fathomed as to how it appeared in my living room in the first place.

That was when I realized that the main door was slightly ajar.

A shadow fell over me and as I turned, I came face to face with someone whose face was hidden underneath a hoodie.

“Mary had a little lamb,” the intruder hissed as white hot pain seared from my chest and 

soaked my shift.

Did I scream?

**

**

“

“

“

“

“

“

Twinkle Raheja was sitting in the staffroom, checking through the notebooks. The news about the “Kindergarten Killer” had reached her ears too but she was not worried much.

After all, she knew her rhymes now, didn’t she?

__END__

