Every person who grows up wants to be responsible, responsible towards their family, towards their society and so on. 

Similarly, there was a man named Wilson Lambert who was also responsible for everything. He was a good husband, a good father, a good neighbor and a good colleague in his workplace. Everyone who knows him or meets him becomes his admirer. 

Wilson and his family live in a suburb town 100 kilometers from Stockholm in Sweden. He has a lovely daughter who is 7 years old. His wife Joanna works as a salesgirl in a departmental store. Wilson’s daughter Jenny goes to school and everyday Wilson drops Jenny to her school and then he goes to work. Wilson works as a supervisor in a construction company. 

On the weekends Wilson and his family go out and hang out together. Wilson’s father-in-law Albert Swenson also lives in a nearby town, sometimes he visits Joanna and his granddaughter Jenny, whenever he visits them, bring gifts for Jenny. The town where Wilson and his family live is small with not much population. The town is surrounded by valleys and a beautiful lake. 

As the town is in the countryside so generally most of the families are engaged in agriculture. They have farms where they grow fruits and vegetables. During the summer the people grow different berries, grapes, and vegetables on their farm and they sell it in the local market. 

During one summer a family name Stewart, they went out on their farm but when they came they found someone broke into their house and stole many things. The Stewart family was astounded to see something happened in their house because such things never happened in that town before. They call the Sherriff to look into this matter. The Sherriff and his investigating team came, and they found the door’s lock was broken to enter the house. The investigating officers seize the house and they started to gather evidence.

 The local Sherriff told media that “it is a horrendous act and whoever did it, will be behind bars.” 

The news outbreak like a fire in a forest. Every single person in that town was talking about the incident that took place at Stewart’s house. Weeks later another house was looted, things were stolen. The local Sheriff didn’t able to understand what’s happening and who is behind all these. The whole town was submerged under fear. At this moment Wilson’s father-in-law Albert was concerned and visit and decided to stay with them. 

Joanna was also a bit afraid of the incidents going on in their town. She doesn’t want to leave her daughter alone after school so she asked her father to come and stay with Jenny all along. Jenny is a little girl to understand but she was aware of something suspicious happening in the town. 

She asked her grandfather.” Grandpa? What is happening”?

 Albert replied… “Nothing sweetie, you do your homework, you have school tomorrow.” 

On the other, Sherriff has made a suspect list where he has interrogated all the thieves and burglars in the town but he was unable to find any clue which will eventually lead him to solve the case. Week’s later similar incident occurred in another house but the burglar couldn’t steal anything because the owner of that house had seen him partially and the burglar managed to escape. 

When Sheriff came, the owner of the house told me that ”I didn’t saw his face because he was wearing a knitted black cap covering his head and neck he was quite tall and as he saw me, he jumped out from the window”. 

The Sherriff searched the place outside the window and as he was searching he found a bracelet in the grass. He took it as evidence and asked the owner of the house if he knows anything about it. The owner does not know anything. Then the Sheriff put bounty on the suspect that whoever will give any valuable information about the burglar will be rewarded. The news is all over the television. Joanna was watching the news and she has noticed a very strange thing that her husband Wilson was very indifferent to all these.

 She asked Wilson.. “Don’t you know what’s happening”? 

Wilson replied “Yes, I know” 

Johanna also found that Wilson got hurt in his arm… Joanna.. “How did you get hurt”? 

Wilson.. “It’s nothing; I got hurt in the construction area”.

 The Sheriff was investigating the entire incidence with the bracelet he was trying to lead the case. The picture of the bracelet was broadcasted in every local news channel and one lady who works in a news agency, she has recognized the bracelet. She calls the Sheriff and told that she saw the same bracelet worn by her friend’s husband. 

The Sheriff asked, “Who is that friend”? 

The lady replied “Joanna Lambert” 

The Sheriff reach Lambert’s house and as Joanna saw Sheriff, she was stunned to see officer… She said, “How can i help you, Officer?” 

Sheriff: “Hello madam, I am here to ask some questions about the case of recent incidence”. He takes out the bracelet and showed it to her “Do you know about this” 

Joanna: “Well I think, yes, I know because same kind of bracelet i had given  it to my husband Wilson in our anniversary.” 

Sheriff: “Okay. Where is your husband?” 

Joanna: “I don’t know, perhaps in his workplace.”

 Sheriff: “Where does he work”? 

Joanna: “Outside the town in a construction area”. 

Sheriff: “Okay Madam. Thank you for your cooperation”. 

Sheriff and his team now in search of Wilson Lambert, he has become the prime suspect. When Wilson came home he was confronted by his wife. Joanna, with very impolitely she asked “Where were you? Do you know the sheriff came to our house today asking about the case and where is your bracelet that I had given you on our anniversary?” 

Wilson: “Why? It’s in the closet” 

Joanna went to their bedroom and open the closet and she found the bracelet right there. Joanna was eased to saw it. The Sheriff interrogated Wilson and found him clean in this matter. However, the event of matching bracelet brings escalating presumptions over Wilson Lambert by the people of the town. The whole town was embedded under fear. Children are getting afraid to go outside. The doors of the houses are double locked after evening. Some people have installed security alarm in their houses. 

Then months passed, there was no single report of stealing. The people were trying to forget about it. Only then, one night Joanna was invited to her friend’s house to have dinner together. When Joanna and her friend were upstairs drinking, they heard some weird sounds coming from the living room. By accumulating all their audacity they decide to check-in. As they went into the room, they saw a tall man wearing the same black knitted cap hiding his face and neck. 

As the man saw them, he was trying to escape from the window but Joanna throws the flashlight towards him and hit him with it but he jumped and slipped from the window and fell on the cemented floor. In the meantime, Joanna’s friend called the cops. The cops rushed into the spot and found the burglar running to escape. They chased him and finally apprehend him. 

The police took off his cap and they saw an aged man. When he was brought in front of the public, everyone was shocked to see him because he was none other than Albert Swenson, the father and father-in-law of Joanna and Wilson. Then Albert was asked about the bracelet, he told “I bought the same bracelet to mislead the cops” 

When Joanna know about her father, she was speechless and said, “How could my father do such things”. 

Albert was brought into court and in the courtroom; he told the judge that he was going through a psychological disorder called Kleptomania. Most of the people in the courtroom do not know about it. Albert’s lawyer makes them understand that Kleptomania is the tendency of stealing things. Albert sneaks around people’s house and when he sees no one in the house, he gets in the house and steal things. Although the court found Albert guilty and sentenced him for a year.

–END–

