Suspense Story – THE FINAL WISH

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Yes Mr. Alex Martin. Why I am for your last wish? “

“I like this climate very much and I wanted some fresh oxygen before going to hell.”

“Hell. Your mind was also a hell. That’s why you killed him. “

“I knew your strategy of investigation two days before in prison. I wanted to talk with you something”

“What?”

“Twins of great political tycoon Mr. Kumar Raj. Hari Kumar and Ravi Kumar. Hari was a socialist who turned into a business man and founder of Hari Associates. Do you know about Ravi Kumar?”

“He is a good doctor and MD of Kumar Hospitals in Bangalore. “

(Alex smiles.)

“Yes. The younger brother of Hari. He was married actually, One of the glamour beauty of Bollywood Mss.Meera Yamdev.  She dropped her career after marriage. She was like a sister for me. “

“What you trying to Mr?  You are going to tell Hari was murdered by Meera? “

“No. if I am, there is a scope for another investigation? “

“You have to impress the court by proofs Mr. Court believes on proofs and evidences.  On that midnight Meera was in a Skype call with Ravi and it was a strong evidence for their innocence during trial.”

“So you believed Ravi and his wife? “

“Yes. Absolutely… a yes”

“And I am here for killing Hari in that midnight as revenge.”

“Yes. You were not in good with Hari for clinical trials in your medical centre and Hari threatened you by goons and guns. You took the revenge by killing Hari near Hosur road at midnight.”

“I didn’t kill Hari. You were mistaken officer. “

“Hehe… don’t act over smart “

(Alex smiles and continues his smiling)

“I didn’t smiled against you officer and I smiled against the system.”

“System does its best in this case.”

“Well… I didn’t heard the story of crime during trial…can you please? “

“You were dreaming during?! “

“May be .that why you are here. Please officer. “

“On a morning of December 12.45AM Mr. Hari Kumar was riding his car at the speed of 60Km/Hr on Hosur-Bangalore national highway 7. He had a business meet on Ibis Hotel near Oxford College. In return from the meet his car got break down on Crystal Layout. On that time you were in Yelenahalli of Nice ring road and got a meet with Hari and killed him with a knife. There are three scars on his body.”

“Well. Do you know where Ravi was during that night? “

“Yea. His car also were got break down at Ashok Hospital which was check out in 12 AM. “

“So there will be a chance for Ravi to meet Hari Na? “

“No way Alex. It will take Ravi at least 1Hr to reach Hari and to execute murder. It won’t work Mr and also he made a video chat during 12.45 AM with Meera in duration of 12 Mins.”

“There is a chance Officer! Shall I explain? Ravi takes another car which is similar to his car and catches Hari and executes the murder. He does not reach by the NH and also by local road ways. After my arrival he offers me crores and I become the culprit. “

“I cannot believe this! If it is a possibility, why you become the culprit? “

“I don’t want to prove myself officer and I am not here for that. “

“Then for what? “

“Ravi is a good doctor before his brother’s death. But now heard that he is not a good doctor. “

“So he is the murderer?  I don’t believe this bull sh*t! “

“This is a twist officer not only he is a murderer but also he is not Dr.Ravi Kumar of Ashok Hospitals!”

“What????!!!!!”

“Unfortunately yes  …It is not Ravi. He fails in his medical field nowadays. May be it is Hari Kumar of Hari Associates.”

“How it comes possible?? “

“May be Hari killed Ravi and he became Ravi by his appearance and he made the great Skype for his wife! “

“For what? “

“I told you before officer. Meera, she was a glamour beauty of Bollywood. Seduction is not a crime in our country !”

(Alex smiles. He turns back and continues)

“Officer one more question. How much Ravi..uhhh..sorry I mean Hari paid for you? “

“25 Lakhs”

“Hehehe…. you accepted that it’s not Ravi. I am happy for that. “

“Does Meera knows this? “

“I don’t know officer but Ravi and Meera’s post marriage life was not good at all. “

(Officer sighs)

“I am going prison for rest of my life. Thank you for my last wish”

(Alex smiles at officer and goes to jail).

THE END

