Hi, I am Vanessa pol . I am not much into spirits, ghosts so, you can say gothic story or horror stories even if it is a real life story. But, the incident I am going to tell you today changed my whole life. 

This incident happened after I shifted to my new apartment in New York city. I was very excited . I unpacked all my stuff and went to sleep. That night I felt a very cold breeze around me but, I ignored it and went to sleep. The next day I got up and saw a mark on my wrist, it burned a lot so, I took some ice out of the fridge and put in on my wrist for 5 to 10 minutes. I felt like someone was holding my wrist so tightly that my wrist became all red . So, I thought to go to the doctor near by . The doctor said that it will be fine in some days . 

When I went back to my apartment There was a note lying in front of the door saying “ We are coming”. I was shocked and ran inside. There were weird things happening . I was terrified . 

Then the next day around 11:30pm somebody knocked at the door . I was already very scared because of the shadow. So I tried calling my parents they were not picking my calls or replying to my messages . I kept trying and the person outside kept knocking. So, as I opened the door it was my parents. I felt relieved and hugged them. 

After a while someone again knocked the door . When I went to open the door there were 2 policemen standing and asked me if I was Ms. Vanessa pol , I said “yes I am Vanessa pol . But what is the matter?” 

The policemen said that “sorry ma’am but your parents died in a car crash and these are their phone and your father’s wallet” 

I said to the policemen “ no sir this might be the wrong information because my parents are here with me . See ” And as I turned around there was nobody . There was only a note which said “ We are home.”

I started crying and said thanks to the policemen and closed the door and ran to my room and cried all night. 

 Now , I have a normal life but , I always have a question in my mind if my parents were really there that day?

–END–

