Suspense Short Story – The war with the Gods

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Sir the army of hades has reached the gates of anubis,’ “what are your orders?” said the captian of the guards.

“DO nothing the god are weak , ‘this is the year of man, they have no chance.” King lagbrok said as he walked in to his chambers.

All  the king heard was the screams of his people as he was thinking of a way to defeat hades’ army of the undead, as he leaned on the table of men. Lagbrok had to do the  unthinkable, face HIM ALONE.

He tuned and grabbed the sord of light that wields the power of the sun,and headed to greet the king of Hell. As lagbrok heads to the front gates of anubis,he sees the destruction that hades has caused. This fuels the kings rage.

“I need a horse” commands the king. The head guard jumps down off his horse ,”here my king a reliable stallion.” As the king mounts the beast a growl comes across the sky so loud that buildings crumble to the ground.”OPEN THE GATES” lagbrok commaned. The gates slowly open thare is only blackness.

“Do you see anything?” said a guard “no nothing” said another. It was silent thew out  the kingdom as they looked towards there king.   Lagbrok stared into the darkness as if mesmerized. He let out a woriors yell pulled the sord of light and galloped into the darkness. Not knowing when he would return or if he would.

“As i galloped in to the darkness, it felt cold and lonly as if sarrow nested there.”

” I felt dazed and confused.” i cryed out

“COWERD”, are you afraid to face a mear mortal?”

‘Some god of fear, some King Of Hell.”

‘I heard nothing but felt a presents ” I heard laughter all around, A flame of blue and red appeared and thare before me  stood the king of hell, he was tall and young. Eyes black as coal, his crown made from bones.

‘Get off the steed”,he said his  voice  went throw me like rain thew  air. As i dismonted i walked toward him, he began with a laugh but i was foolish and cut his head with the sord . The earth started to crack as i ran the darkness faded. Thare was nothing thare i could see anubis it was silent. I walked toward the gates, I was still confused. As i came to the gates i heard.

“Yeah, long live the king”the people screamed as they surrouned me i shouted.

 ” I told you this is the year of the man, the gods are weak”said lagbrok the croud simmered.

Lagbrok went on “I defeated the worst god hades so zues will cower too.

The croud cheered ” long live the new god lagbrok”

__END__

