Suspense Story – Book of the devil

Photo Credit: 

“

”

——————

 

 The cries coming from inside gave a chill through the spine of Julian as she stepped inside the office of Cranes, who are private investigators slash paranormal consultants slash demonologists. Everyone in the town knew what they actually do, though the sign board outside officially says ‘private detectives’. But they cannot risk kicking them out of the town since it is the most haunted place on earth and they are desperately in need of them. Nevertheless, Julian and her husband Rufus moved into the town recently since they couldn’t get a house nowhere than here at a price affordable by them and got ready to face the ‘paranormal’ consequences.

 Julian looked around the office and surprised to see a modern room with good furnishing and bright ventilation since she imagined a dark dungeon with holy crosses and Jesus idols everywhere. While she was observing the office, Mr & Mrs Edward and Jenny Crane stepped out of the room from where she heard the cries.

 “Hello there…” Jenny greeted with a cute welcoming smile.

 “Hi, I’m Julian Ronald…I’ve called you yesterday”

 “Yes Julian, what can I do for you?”

 “Did I just hear…?”

 “Yes you were right…we were just exorcising a crazy demon…”

 “Oh my god…”

 “Julian don’t freak out…you are safe with us. Edward honey…can you bring us some coffee while we talk”

 “Yes, I’ll be back in a minute…”

 “Yes Julian what brings you here…?”

 “I don’t know whether it is your kind of thing…but…”

 “Just spit it out…we are ready to help…either normal or paranormal…”

 “Yes, thank you…”

 Edward came with a tray and served them coffee.

 “We moved here two months back. We heard about the weird things that happen in this town, but we have had no other option. The first one month was normal and we were very happy that our house is 

. But after one month weird things started happening…”

 “Like…?”

 “Since I’m a doctor, I follow absolute cleanliness in the house. But after every night, a thin layer of dust or sand or I don’t know what it is started settling on the floor as if someone has purposefully sprinkled it.”

 “Sounds something…Have you checked the roof? Are there any holes or the broken wood …?”

 “Nothing, we have replaced the old wood of the roof with the new one. There is no termite problem either”

 “Interesting…anything more…”

 “Yes, every day after midnight there is this strange mewing and hooting of cats and eagles. They are making our lives miserable and we couldn’t sleep at all.”

 “Cats and eagles…Is there any rat problem in your house?”

 “No…”

 “There is some abandoned place that looks like forest behind every house of this town, may be they might have sneaked out form there”

 “Here is the weirdest part, none of the neighbours have heard or experienced this strange mewing and hooting. So we are the only ones to whom those creatures are singing the lullaby daily”

 “Have you found any old belongings of the previous tenants in the attic or the basement?”

 “Negative. The basement and attic are perfectly clean with nothing. Anything that used to be there was taken.”

 “Ok…anything else…?”

 “Hmm…that is it…”

 “Then we are gonna come to your house today and if you allow us we like to spend a night or two with you to study these happenings”

 “Of course…it will be our pleasure…So see you in the evening at my place…Hope you know our address”

 “Yes, we know…have a nice day Julian”

 That evening Edward and Jenny paid a visit to Julian’s house. After a formal introduction to her husband, they got into action. They sprinkled holy water all over the house and read sacred verses.

 “This is strange…usually when we come to a haunted place, whatever supernatural being that is there, start sending warning signals. But nothing happened even when read Bible and sprinkled holy water”

 “Then there is no paranormal activity here?”

 “We cannot jump to that conclusion yet since some supernatural beings are immune to these things”

 “So what shall we do now?”

 “We’ll set up some equipment which can sense sudden changes in the temperature and others like EMF meters and wait until something happens”

 Edward and Jenny arranged the equipment which can report any paranormal activity all over the house and waited in the control area to see any activity. Hours passed by; but nothing happened. After midnight the usual mewing and hooting started; but no signs of ghost activity inside the house.

 Around 5:30am in the morning something happened which freaked out Julian.

 “Edward, Jenny, Rufus…come downstairs…quick…”

 They ran downstairs and stopped at the end of the stairs shocked at the happening before their eyes. The dust that settled during night started moving towards the centre of the house. They followed its trail and found that it is descending downstairs through a hole in the centre of the house.

 “Rufus, do you have an axe?”

 “Yep, I’ll bring it”

 “How did you find it Julian?” asked Jenny

 “I just came down to fill my water bottle and found this”

 “Has this happened before?”

 “No Edward, this is the first time…otherwise I would have told you in the morning itself. But why didn’t we find this cabin before”

 “This might have been separated from the rest of the basement”

 Rufus came with two axes and torches and the two men started breaking the wooden flooring surrounding the hole. All of them gasped as they found a mud stair towards the floor of the cabin. Slowly they descended the steps with torches in their hands and hearts racing at fullest speed to find a small room covered with sand everywhere as if made of mud. At the centre of the room, there stood a muddy altar over which there is an old box. They examined it closely. Jenny open the window of the basement which cast sunlight directly on the box. It was made of some old metal and some random figures are carved on it.

 “It is Egyptian language like the one we see in pyramids right?” asked Julian

 Everyone was mused and looked at Julian as if she has just spoken an ancient language.

 “What…? I saw The Mummy and The Mummy Returns…”

 Everyone burst into smiles. Edward was the first to say something taking photos of the box in all angles with his smart phone:

 “I’ve an old friend in Egypt. He works in the Cairo National Museum. I’ll mail these photos to him…” paused for a moment and said, “or I cannot…”

 “Edward, what happened?” enquired Jenny.

 “My phone is not capturing anything…white images…try yours”

 Everyone’s phone failed to capture the images of the box not only his.

 “What do we do now?”

 “I’ll call him and ask him to come over here if possible. There is no other option”

 Edward called his friend Shoab Ahmed, the director of the Cairo National Museum. Not only he recognized him, but was also willing to come to Connecticut to pay a personal visit to the dungeon they have just found.

 “Has he agreed to come?”

 “Yes, dude has got a thing for these kinds of old articles”

 Shoab arrived at night catching the immediate flight to USA. After the formal introductions, he was taken to the underground cabin. He observed the box and cried out in disbelief after opening it using the codes written on it.

 “I just can’t believe this really existed”

 “Shoab, what is it?”

 “Well, this is called Book of Cursed Soul officially and nick named as Book of the Devil. I’ll tell the story behind this in simple. There was once a king, the Paroh who had a wicked and evil brother who used to make the lives of the people of his kingdom miserable with his deeds. To put an end to it, the king summoned his court priest for help. After he was drugged and put to sleep, the priest extracted his soul, broke it into pieces and using a binding spell he connected each piece to a book. Thus there are three books which carry three pieces of our evil brother and these were hidden in secret places around the world so that no one could find it.

 “But some of the descendents of his followers found the three books and brought them together and locked them into a single book. The book we are seeing now is the final improved edition.”

 Everyone was in shock. Edward was the first to recover

 “But who brought this here?”

 “No idea. I heard that it was spotted first in Russia, later South Africa and Italy. After that it disappeared. I was even not sure whether this kind of thing ever existed”

 “Oh my god!! Then this book or whatever it is that carries the soul of the devil” Julian cried.

 “By all means yes…”

 “But why is it so passive?”

 “Because it needs the blood of the priest or his descendents to activate it, break the binding spell and set the soul of the devil free.”

 “So these eagles and cats are trying to protect this from being getting into wrong hands”

 “On the contrary, they are actually trying to lure someone into finding this”

 “But why?”

 “Even though he is evil at heart, he is a great worshipper of the then Egypt pagon gods. So they are fond of him and want him to be released.”

 “So all the three books were found based on the unnatural sightings of the eagle and cat activity”

 “Exactly”

 “That explains everything. So let’s just destroy this book and get over with it”

 “I’m afraid that is not possible my dear. It is indestructible. The union of the three pieces of soul transfers it the power to the book and makes it indestructible. It should have been done when they are in three pieces which unfortunately didn’t happen”

 “Then we can torch the mummy instead”

 “Sorry to disappoint you again Edward. Legend says that his body had been cremated after his soul was extracted.”

 Everyone seemed worried and disappointed.

 “I’m not done yet friends. Everything has its own weak point. Perhaps the priest had expected this at that time itself. He had left a small piece or a finishing and important core piece in a ring which he wore during his life on earth and it was safe in his coffin in…”

 Before Shoab can complete his sentence, there was a sound of a blast followed by fast running heavy footsteps inside the house. Everyone started climbing out of the basement and came outside to find a group of armed men in black suits.

 “Hello Professor” said the one who seemed to be their leader.

 “Zaroon, what is this? What are you doing here?”

 “Sorry to say this professor. But we want the book”

 “What? Wait…Are you the followers of Avanta?”

 “You are very intelligent Professor. Now handover us the book”

 “Never…”

 “Expected…Boys get to work”

 Soon there was fighting everywhere. Some grabbed the ladies, while the others were fighting with the two men. Zaroon was beating Shoab hard to extract the book out of his hand. After a long fight, Shoab finally gave up and Zaroon got the book. He took a knife from his pocket, cut Shoab’s wrist and extracted the blood into a vial.

 “All right boys…show is over…let’s leave”, cried Zaroon.

 “You dishonest son of a bitch…”

 “Easy there Professor. I showed my honesty by keeping you and your friends alive. I’m just taking what I want. Don’t follow us or you folks die the most horrible death you ever imagine” Zaroon and his crew left with the book. Everyone looked horrible with bruises particularly Shoab who was bleeding profusely.

 “Shoab, he took your blood which means…”

 “Yes, I’m the only living descendent of the priest who cursed the evil brother”

 “What shall we do now?”

 “Julian and Rufus take my friend to the hospital. Me and Jenny will leave for Egypt and find this coffin of the priest. Hurry up!!!” said Edward

 “….” Shoab was fainting and mumbling something.

 “Shoab what is it? Try to say clearly” asked Edward and turned towards Jenny and asked her to pick a paper and pen.

 “Mmmuseum…2-34-12345…dddiamonddd” Shoab mumbled and before becoming unconscious kept his ID card in the hands of Edward. Julian noted down what Shoab has just said.

 “Edward…what does this mean?”

 “Let’s figure it out on our way to Egypt. We have to reach the museum before those sons of bitches lay their hands on the ring”

 “See you Rufus and Jenny, take care of our friend”

 “All the very best” cried Rufus and Jenny as the Cranes ran out of the house towards their limo. The caught the earliest flight to Cairo and reached there by evening. They hired a private cab at the airport and directed him to take them to the Cairo National Museum.

 Somewhere in the Cairo, Zaroon and his crew started the ritual to break the binding spell using the blood of Shoab.

 Sun hid behind the other side of the earth and darkness occupied Cairo. Rufus and Jenny waited for the museum to close and using the ID card of Shoab, got inside.

 “Rufus, where should we search now?”

 “No need of searching Jenny. The numbers indicate the place where we can find the ring. See here…The number two probably indicates the section of the museum where the mummies are displayed. The number thirty four indicates the case no. which housed the coffin of the priest and the last number probably indicates the sequence to unlock the case”, explained Edward while walking to the second section of the museum. As usual the ID card gave access inside and they ran through the line of case and finally stopped at case no. 34. Luckily there is no lid on the coffin. A plate indicated the name of the person inside and the probable age of the mummy. It also bore the name of Shoab, who might have found it. Without brooding over the details of the name board, they searched for the lock and Edward rolled the numbers 1-2-3-4-5 carefully on the lock which clicked open. Both of them felt relieved.

 They carefully removed the lid of the case and finally observed the mummy who seemed very old and the ribbons were torn here and there. Before they proceeded any further, the lights started to dim which is followed by a big roar. Rufus and Jenny shuddered a little. A green transparent silhouette entered the room followed by Zaroon and his men.

 “Oh my god…the evil brother” screamed Jenny.

 “Jenny listen to me…start searching the ring while I deal with those b***ards”

 “Rufus, No!!!”

 “Hush…Find the ring before I die” Edward gave a quick smile and left her to face them. He successfully took down Homosapiens and was left for a duel with the incomplete soul of the evil brother. As it came nearer, his body started to shiver. This was new to him and to her. The devil started tossing him all over the room using its powers. While Edward was fighting with this devil, Jenny finally found the ring in a small case beneath the mummy.

 “I found it…I found it…”cried Jenny in excitement.

 The devil turned towards her and roared “THE RING!!!” and started moving towards her. Jenny hurriedly rubbed the ring with her hanky which caught the blood of Shoab. The ring started to shine brightly with the diamond shedding out beautiful blue light. She started pulling the diamond; but it didn’t come out. She examined the ring carefully. There seemed to be two layers in the ring portion with the diamond on the top. Jenny thought for a couple of seconds. Suddenly something struck her mind. She rubbed the sweat of her hands on her dress and slowly turned the two layers of the ring in opposite directions with her finger nails. The miniature gear mechanism worked and the diamond started to turn around and finally dropped to the floor. She took the diamond and ran towards the table at the other end of the room on which there seemed to be a paper weight. The devil started running towards her after sensing what is happening. Before it came near her, Jenny took the paper weight and broke the diamond into pieces. She turned back to see the devil few feet before her and closed her face with hands screaming. Flames from nowhere consumed the spirit and it burst into thin air.

 Jenny opened her eyes and felt relieved. She ran towards Rufus who was in a bad shape.

 “Rufus honey…are you alright?”

 “I’m alive…thank you”

 And they hugged each other.

After one day, round about 1:00am in the morning, Jenny’s mobile buzzed. She sleepily took it from the table beside her to see Julian’s name on it.

 “Hello Julian, Good morning”

 “Jenny, we have a problem…”

 “What now?”

 “The eagles and cats are back…”

 “What?”Jenny exclaimed sitting straight on her bed.

Deep down beneath the altar in the basement of Ronalds’ house, the mummy of the Evil brother rests in a small cabin in which the last and the fifth untouched/unknown piece of the soul which can reconstruct the remaining pieces was left and waits silently to be found by someone. After all legends are not always true and a father cannot actually curse his own son to eternal death, can he?

 __END__

