Suspense Short Story – The Lone Walk Home

Photo credit: 

 from 

As usual I got my coat off the hanger made my way out of ladies cloak room; I was always the last to leave work, except for the care takers at the old school house. The winter nights had drawn in and the cold darkness had crept in too. I made my way around the long winding drive way out on to the treed avenue that went on for over quarter of a desolate mile. The walk was always lonely at this time of the year and the path ways were hard to see without proper street lights.

Tonight I longed for my warm cosy bed in my little house; just the idea of the warm welcoming scent of the place beckoned me on, even though tonight I could feel something else chilling me to my bones. I had only got an eighth of the way along the avenue when I had the distinct feeling that something or one was watching me , pulling my coat closer around my neck and picking up my pace I moved forward forcefully determined that nothing was going to faze me. I shook my head physically as if trying to chase the feeling out of there but still it came, that feeling that everywhere I looked more and more eyes were watching me beckoning me towards them trying to get me to leave the path and find out what they wanted.

Beginning to feel dizzy in the head at the idea I began to worry and stress more, the longer this walk was taking the worse the fear was growing. Now going at almost a trot I made my way faster and quicker down the avenue with the feeling that all hell was after me I pushed on, my mind scrambling for some common ground where no fear lived but to no avail. Just then a rustling came from behind me and I made a mad dash for it down the path at full speed my heart thumping harder and harder in my chest till I could see nor feel no more. Slowly my eyes opened and I saw a man in paramedic uniform looming over me he was shaking his head from side to side. Why? I thought what the matter was. I tried to speak to him but he either was not listening or could not hear me I tried and tried but he just straighten up and walked away from me “ stop please come back” I said as I got to my feet ‘please please don’t leave me here’ but to no use.

I turned back to where I had been laying only to see in shock and horror my own body still laying on the floor flat out cold and blue and then I realized why he could not hear me because I shook my head from side to side in the new found knowledge that I was dead, now no longer able to make my way home to my cosy little house but to wander amongst these trees with the others trying to catch the attention of those who come by on cold lonely nights to ask and whisper to them for help, please help please help me for if you do it may be the last thing you ever do………………..

__END__

