 

two boys and two girls got an vacation leave . So they decided to go to the jungle of africa . So they ask their parents that they wanted to go to the jungle of the africa on their vacation But their parents didnt allow them to go to the jungle . One night they all decided to go to the jungle without telling their parents as they got all the cash they need to go to the jungle. So they booked the flight and reached the jungle safe .When they reached they saw a beautiful deer, the girl touch him and he ran away so they chase the deer but when they were chasing the deer they saw a big gate with lots  of tree . ONE of them said ” this place doesn’t look safe so we got to go away from the place ” ALL decided not to go there except one

 so he got there. when he reached the door big red man appear and sliced his head .All of them were scared and ran but one of them fell down and big red man killed him by a spear . and one of them brought the gun and killed him after then the surviors  thank god were safe but rip Marty and jill and after that the big net trapped them ………………….

 when both were trapped the cut the rope of the net and escaped  and they saw something and said ”oh sh*t what the hell is this” they saw the big flying women one of them pull the trigger of the gun and started to kill him and she laugh but the girls who survive kill her with the fire torch.they thought she’s killed but she was not killed, when she came she kill the guy who was firing at her.And float away.THEN two people were left.

 

.

 they saw a crashed boat not so crashed but when were trying to fix the boat the zombies appear one said i will fix the boat here take a shotgun and killed them so when zombies were coming closed and she ran out of the bullet . They were scared but boat started to work and they jump on the bot  got away and got safed then they reache the city .People was living their and they said to the people help us so they didn’t know english one guy their was a tourist he said to them whats wrong than they tell him the whole story and he said ok ”i will give you the ride to your home from my helicopter” and they reached safetly when they got home their parent said why did you go their without telling us and where are the boys .Girls said they got killed .so they tell their parents im sorry the died so their parents cryed

”so guys never go without telling your parents or any guidance”

__END__

