Suspense Short Story – Reality of falsehood

Photo credit: 

 from 

“I don’t bother about setbacks, Roger” said carter

“Well, honestly sir, I presume your experiments are a sheer waste of time.”

“That’s because you know nothing.” Carter, pushing his wheel chair towards the table. “Have a look at my thesis.”

“Holy-sh#t, that was some serious stuff, sir. I am in vehement approval of your thesis”

“Do you know the reason for my paralysed condition?”

“No,sir.”

“Well, that was a long story…..you will get to know very soon.”

“Your deduction was that a man can store his memories, and project them to others whenever required.”

“No, dear, we can store our fondest as well as horrific memories, and project them only when…………………..”

“Excuse me, sir…. Hello dad, I am at a friend’s house. Will meet you after an hour”

“Who is that, roger?”

“My dad,sir . He is a scientist, just like you.”

“I knew his name, son” and “My aversion for him began 25 years ago.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Don’t you get it, son…..” said carter “Your father paralyzed me.”

“What……”

“Yes, as of now, I am at peace with my mind. I don’t want to kill your father.”

“How did that happen, sir?”

“Well, ask your father, son!!!!!!!!”

“I am sorry, sir. On behalf of my father, I apologize to you.”

“I have experienced every emotion, son. But, I feel querulous for not enjoying one.”

“What is that emotion, sir?” asked roger.

“I’ll tell you.” Carter took out a rifle, shot two rounds at roger. Roger fell down.

“Wanted to experience blood shed around me, son. I would store this memory, too.”

Roger died.

“What have you done to my son, carter?”

“My torment is relieved now, Dr.Chris. I can die in peace.”

“I am not responsible for your condition, Dr.Carter. It was you.”

“Me …..what do you mean……?”

“Your experiments are a failure. We are humans, doctor. We cannot mess with our brain.”

“I have messed with it, doctor. I have succeeded in preserving memories.”

“Could you display your memories to me?”

“Well, I can…………..Come with me”

“Look, doctor…there was nothing in here. All your life, you were under false-imagination.”

“No, chris. My device is missing.”

“There is no such a device, doctor. It is your assumption. 25 years ago, I told you the same thing. You never listened.”

“Then why am I paralysed?”

“You don’t remember anything, do you?”

“Be more precise….doctor. I am confused right now…..”

“Do you remember anyone by name Jennifer?” “Jennifer…..who?”

“She is your wife, doctor. You were never a happy couple. You experimented and tortured her, doctor. She got vexed and left you, eventually.”

“I don’t even have a picture of her,Dr Chris.”

“She erased all your memories related to her.”

“How do you know her, doctor?”

“After she left you, she joined as an assistant in my lab.”

“So, you married her……..”

“No,doctor. I cannot.”

“I watched you and Jennifer together, doctor chris.”

“Yes, I remained a friend to her till her death, doctor. We are not married. Probably on seeing us together, you depicted that I am the reason for your paralyzed condition.”

“I still think you are……doctor chris”

“C’mon, doctor…………you are never paralyzed. Have you ever tried getting up from this chair?”

“No.” said carter and he slowly raised from this wheel chair.

“This is your life, doctor. You were in a loop of own imaginations. You created a false world for yourself.”

“I am interpreting everything that has happened so far doctor. Thank you for showing me the reality. I am sorry for the loss of your child.”

“Well, doctor…………Roger was not my son. He was the son of Jennifer”

“Then who is his father……!!”

“ Jennifer’s husband……………Goodbye, doctor carter. Hope you remain intact with the real world from now on.” Chris left.

“I crucified my own son………” carter cried and cried and cried.

THE END

