Suspense Short Story – Night scares

Photo credit: 

 from 

During the school holiday I would enjoy spend a few weeks at my aunty April, her home was fairly old from a distance it leaned slightly to the left, it had its own quaint rustic charm like crumbling brick work shutters that just hung on for dear life it had everything but the 3 bedrooms on the ground floor. To the front of the house there was a large tree and a small concrete yard, small but big enough to fit 2 cars on comfortably. The back garden was partially hidden by a large garage, as you moved around this you came to a small orchard of apple trees, the orchard had 2 rows of 8 fully grow trees that when underneath you could walk down between them to the bottom of the garden without being seen and peep through the bushes and see the race course across the road. Now it was a great place to be in the day time, but night time was another thing.

Waking up during the middle of the night to visit the bathroom was part of my regular routine it also filled me with dread, as I had to make my way down the stairs in the dark through the creaky cluttered front room then through the slippy tiled kitchen before making my way through the old lean too or as I called it the glass house. There every night as I made my way through I would hear loud creaks, thuds and little tapping sounds that I thought came from the windows or should I say, the creature that was tapping on the window to get my attention as I scurried past at a fast scared out of my wits pace.

Once inside the little out house toilet, I was thankful for the pulley light although it always took its time before slowly blinking in to life, then my attention would be caught by the old wooden farmhouse style latch door that kept me locked in and safe, I would watch and watch the latch feeling that something was waiting, watching, ready to pounce on me as soon as I left and stepped out.

It did not help that it was so quiet in that part of the house this made things worse. It made me extra jumpy, readying myself to leave I would take a deep breath push open the door and run for my life, like the hounds of hell were after me and with every step I took strange weird creatures would pop in to my head and scare me more, tonight was different I was going to be brave stick around and confront my fears there were no such things as monsters I smiled. Tonight I would never be scared here again.

Armed with a sense of braveness from watching an action film on TV and wearing my favourite well-worn jimjams, I flung open the door and gave a loud growl to show I was not afraid, there to my shock and horror stood a dark large hairy creature outside of the window with its face pressed firmly up the against the glass. It looked hungry and menacing; its yellow eyes watched me they never left me, it was like it could read exactly what I was thinking. I made a mad dash back through the rooms, my heart was pounding hard as I leapt up the last few steps to my room then I piled what I could against the door before slumping against it ,my chest was hurting from where my heart had been thumping and my legs were like a load of jelly hardly able to take my weight, I stumbled over to the bed pulled the covers up tight around my neck and thanked god it was all over or was it, fear gripped my mind after a while of pondering over the creature, I thought that maybe I had Just imagined it, I gave a small sigh and drifted wearily off to sleep.

I was partially awakened by an itch on my right cheek, I kept scratching it but it kept coming back, then there was a wet feeling in the same area, then a warm bad smelling gust of air hit me in the face. I opened my eyes to come face to face with those same menacing eyes just inches away from my own, it stared, snarled and drool dropped on my cheek. I wanted to scream but nothing would come out, scream I told myself scream, the face was slowly beginning to get closer and closer aarrggghhhhh.

The next morning I awoke to my own surprise, looked round my room everything was the same, everything was fine. I was still in one piece and not a trace of the creature being there. At breakfast we had pancakes and waffles, I had just helped myself to a second helping of syrup, when my aunty looked at me with a puzzled expression then said. “I don’t know what you were doing last night but you left the back door open, mucky foot prints on the floor and a smudged face print on the window”.

To this day I still don’t know whether it was it real or not.

__END__

