Suspense Story – THE MOON BENEATH THE WOMAN’S EYES

Photo credit: 

 from 

I never forget how you first laid your eyes on me, the first smile you gave to me and the first touch of your hand; that was all magical. You may be the famous melancholic teacher I’ve known but in my heart you’re the most beautiful and bravest person I loved and I will hold you forever in my arms.

My name is Alex and I am a Physics teacher in one of the school in my hometown. Well, I’m a new educator here for about three months. At first, teaching was out of my league but then I couldn’t refuse my sister to take her place because of her situation right now. She has to take her leave before she undergone her operation and able to survive from thyroid cancer.

The adjustment period was not that quite bad. Actually I’m having fun with my students. They were all good and spirited especially during the time of our laboratories. I usually hear “wow!” and “oh!” and we all enjoy it. It’s fulfilling in part as a teacher that my students got something from me.

Tuesday morning, I woke up with a strange feeling. I feel like there’s something going to happen on that day. It came into my mind a picture of a person that everyone dislikes; my mysterious co-teacher, Miss Yelena.

Oh well! Great day! Standing in front of me is the girl I thought about earlier. I’m not a choosy person but I really don’t like her aura, it’s something darker than blue. She was looking for a place to take her lunch but because it’s everyone’s taking their break the cafeteria was occupied by students and teachers, but there’s only one place left and that is the seat in front of me.

“Is there anyone sits here?” she asked in her low tone voice. I said none, so she took it.

I have to say something before she thinks I’m a nonsense and impolite person. But to my surprise she first broke the silence. “So, you are the brother of Miss Elissa? The new Physics teacher; good to see you and thanks for the seat, “ she said without any emotions seen in her face. Then I realized she left me; speechless.

Beforehand, Elissa told me some stories about Miss Yelena. She was a teacher already when my sister arrived at that school two years ago. Just like my sister, our co-teachers warned me not to come closer to Miss Yelena. At first, I don’t mind what they are trying to imply but when I first saw her from a distant. That was my first day in school, I honestly say that, well, she has a looks. Pretty and slim in her all black attire, from eyeglasses down to her shoes. I bet black is her favorite color. But when she laid her eyes on me, I felt strange coldness that runs into my skin. My knees trembled and weaken. I couldn’t even move a single finger in my hands. The way she stares was like she’s casting a spell on that person. I couldn’t explain what kind of expression I saw in her.

The fact that Elissa was right; maybe I should avoid her as much as I could. Or better yet, do the other way. For what happened in the cafeteria caught my curiosity. I know behind those thick eyeglasses there lays the true magic. After all, mystery and investigation was my job before I got here. Maybe I should start to play in their stories.

One morning I got a chance to talk with one of the teacher in the campus; Miss Shaine. She used to be Yelena’s co-faculty and probably she may contribute a lot of things that I needed to know.

“So, you mean that Miss Yelena was having an affair with our School Director, Mr. Choi? Strange! It doesn’t look like she could manage an affair with an attitude she possessed. I mean, no offense but we all notice that she’s so quiet, stiff, and cold. Melancholic to be exact,” I protest.

“Looks really deceiving, Alex. I don’t know if you believe in witches. It sounds odd but some told me that she practices witchcraft so that she can attract people without being so blunt.”

“And that includes Director Choi?” I asked in disbelief.

“And a lot of men even students.”

I arched my left eyebrow to look more convincing, “what do you mean even students? Miss Shaine, mind you that’s something sensitive. And what we’re talking about here is Yelena and not a wh*re,” this time I started to dislike the idea of pursuing this investigation.

“Well, I can’t blame you if you don’t agree the idea about her. If I’m not mistaken, she had a scandal with her student in her early years of teaching. Though it’s not a sex scandal but it really brought out to the entire school board of directors and yet because she had a connection with Director Choi, the case has been dismissed”

“You were saying that she had a scandal, what kind of scandal is that?”

“Others told me that when she and her student Emir went for a date, they encountered a group of men. The student was beaten up so badly and got a serious physical injury that leads him to comatose and until now he still doesn’t awake. And they said that Yelena was being abused by those men. I think, that would be the reason why she’s like that today. After all she has been through a lot. We try to reach her out so many times but she chooses to be alone.”

“Then, what should we do to help her? To gain herself again,” I asked her with conviction.

“Help her? Maybe you can be a help if you let her be. Or else would you like to be under her spell? Trust me; she’s not as innocent as what her pretty face should be.”

Shaine left me paralleled but there’s something I realized and wanted to do. Help Yelena to bring back the life she lost. But the other side of me tells: Alex, look at the other side of a picture. What if she doesn’t need help specially from you? What if she really chooses that life she was into right now? Come to think of it; you do this investigation out of your curiosity and not with legal purposes. In the first place, nobody hires you to do that and she did nothing wrong to you. Shaine’s right; let her be! You are now a teacher, act as one! Well I guess my brain is right.

The next day, the same scenario happened in the cafeteria but without any anticipation I called her and offered the seat which she instantly took it. A small line of smile painted in her face as her way of saying thank you but it doesn’t reach through her eyes. I smiled back but I guess she doesn’t notice it; she kept herself busy in the food she eats. And from that day, I look forward to see her sitting in front of me.

“Hey, Yelena! Wait!” I called her when she’s about to passed through the school gate. “The rain is approaching, you’ll need this,” I hand her my umbrella.

“No, thanks,” she reply.

“I insist,” I left her before she utters another word to refuse. The rain started to fall and I felt the raindrops slowly became a shower. The sky is dark but I saw a ray of light behind those thick clouds; a ray of hope to Yelena’s case.

 

THE bell rang for our lunch break but I have no spared time for that. Every minute counts; I hate lesson planning. Why do I have to do this? Lessons should come in natural ways. Besides, physics is more on application. How can I write the formula of explosion and all that stuff in this piece of booklet? My goodness! I stopped grumbling in my mind when I heard something. I’m alone in this faculty and all of my co-teachers were having their lunch in the cafeteria. And thinking of cafeteria was remembering Yelena.

“Whoa!” I grasped my mouth in surprise when I saw Yelena in front of me. I was thinking of her and then she immediately appears. Magic!

“Did I scare you?” she asked.

“N-no! I… I mean…” now I look stupid for stammering words in my mouth. “I’m surprised you visited me here. Is there anything I can do for you, Yelena?”

“None at all, I just dropped by to return your umbrella. And to give you this food, I guess you haven’t taken your lunch.”

 I’m speechless, she’s so cute.

“I’ll go ahead.”

“No. I mean you can stay here…if you like. Have a sit,” then I grab one of the monoblock chair behind the door. “Sorry for the mess, I just don’t expect you to come here. I’m working with the lesson plan that’s why I was not able to take my break but since you’re here with a food, I have no reason for not taking it. Thanks Yelena; you’re an angel,” then I take my big first bite of hamburger. “Hmmm…. This is really good! Ahm, by the way I’m Alex. Just in case you wanted to know my name,” I smiled at her even if there’s still left over in my teeth.

“I know.”

“You know? Oh, good to hear that,” she nodded as her response. “You know what; I’m starting to like you. Can we be friends?”

“Friends?” she asked with anticipation in her face.

“Yeah, friends!” I repeated showing my sincerest proposal. Then a question rose in to my mind. Don’t you have any other friends, Yelena? It seems that you’re not used to have any.

“You don’t know what you’re asking for, Alex. People here disliked me and I know they already told you about me.”

“And so? Those were all hearsays and gossips; no proof. After all, only you can tell what’s true and what’s not. At the end of the day, you are still who you are.”

“Aren’t you worried of what others may say for making friends with me?”

“Yelena, I’m not a child that needs permission from my mother or any other person in making friends with you or some other people. No one holds my will.”

“Aren’t you afraid of me? They say I’m a witch and a wh*re. Your reputation may at stake if you linked yourself to me.”

“Look, I’m just being friendly here. I have no intentions of making some funny stunts. What I desired is that everyone here in the campus be a part the circle and no one lefts behind. Isn’t it so good that every one of us were being united in the same profession, same advocacy and with the same purpose? That we are not just working in this school but living as well.”

“Good speech! I have to leave; it’s my time to perform that advocacy you spoke with.”

“Hey! You still haven’t accepted me as your friend.”

“I’ll think about it.”

“Thanks.”

“Don’t blame me for your misfortune, then.”

“I’ll bear that in mind.”

EVERY day is a good day to look forward; the only time that Yelena and I have a small talk is during lunch break in the cafeteria. Sometimes, we walked together on the way to our own apartment. And sometimes I visited her in her class, pretending to hand some paper works just to see her. I know it sounds odd but I think or shall I say; she’s really something special.

And just what I thought, a lot of our co-teachers relent for an explanation from me. They keep on nagging me to avoid her and they all say that they will find ways to save me from her spell. Actually, seeing them concerned about me is so cute but; “Folks, don’t worry about me. Everything is well. Aren’t you guys happy that finally; someone stood still in reaching out Yelena? That, who knows I may be a good way for help that she may be able to show you who she really is?”

“That’s a trap, Dude!” Leo’s instant reply

“She’s using her mysterious effect to attract you,” motioned by Hannah. “Men who had fallen into her hands ended up in the hospital bed with tormented body and lost soul. And for you Alex, you still have time before you dropped yourself off and soon you will realize that you have no way to escape from that trap.”

“You guys are impossible! Enough of those telltales, I don’t know where did you reaped those words but to tell you. Whatever is true, I don’t care. Yelena and I were friends and I would like to keep that as pure as it could be.”

“Dude, we’re just concerned about you. Don’t take it as negative because whatever may happens to you Elissa will kill us,” it was Cedric’s way of diverting the commotion.

“Nothing will happen,” I said with deep conviction with a smile in my face as an assurance as well. Then I got my back pack. When I reached the door step I paused for a while. “Folks, one thing I realized being in this profession aside from being so difficult to handle was that teaching were not just a one way direction. You will not just teaching students about do’s and don’ts, it was not just giving exams and checking attendance but rather, teaching was also a perfect tool for transformation from oneself to another; that in every word we speak is a measurement of what we know and from what stage are we. And through that word and by that word, we are able to influenced and be connected to our recipient. So you see, we can’t deliver our lesson if we don’t study it first. Oftentimes we fail to understand the very idea of the topic. Comprehension is quite difficult to sustain but we have to try harder for us to give a good and valuable teaching. And teaching is not just saying but also acting. I hope we all have the same realization. See you all tomorrow!”

DAYS have gone so fast, it’s my third quarter today. Yelena brought something for our lunch; it’s a baked macaroni with lots of cheese. “Wow! It looks so delicious can I have my first slice?”

“Go ahead, it’s for you.”

“Mmm…”

“Do you like it?”

“Ahmmm… It’s ok but… there’s something missing,” she looks so disappointed but actually it really tastes good. I’m not fun in macaroni but when I taste it, I’m gonna write it in my lists of favorite. Looking at her down cast face, I can’t stop myself admiring her. She has a pretty pair of eyes behind those thick eyeglasses. A high-bridged nose and a small heart shaped lips. She still looks good and fresh even without make up on.

“Maybe I should try harder next time.”

She still couldn’t look at me so I lean on closer to her. I touched the tip of her nose with my index finger full of cheese. Then, I laughed at her when she looked surprised for what I did. “You’re so cute! I’m just teasing you. The food is great!”

“Liar!” she starts to smile. “If that is true then finish it up.”

“Okay!” without a minute nothing’s left my plate. “See, I’m telling the truth.”

“You’re a glutton.”

First time I heard her laughter. It’s like a sweet music to my ears. How I wish to see her like this every day. No restrictions and reservations.

Before we part ways, our co-teachers invited us to have some fun in the nearest resto bar which I accepted. At first, Yelena refused to be with but I persuade her more. “It’s okay, I’m with you,” then I hold her hand to make her feel comfortable with others around.

Cedric the master of all folly rent a private room for us. Inside the room has a small rectangular table at the center. At first we had our dinner and others started chatting while Cedric give an order to the waitress.

“How’s your food?” I asked Yelena being so quiet in a group.

“It’s delicious. Would you like to taste some?” she lifts her plate to offer her food to me but Alvin was so quick that he picked the fried squid which is my favorite.

“Hey, that’s mine! She offered it to me,” with a child-like attitude I grabbed Alvin’s hand to snatch the food but he’s really quick.

“Get it from my mouth,” he immediately swallowed.

Then everyone was laughing at us including Yelena. “You two look so stupid,” said Leo.

“Yelena, can I have the other squid?” I pleaded.

“Sure.”

This time all eyes were in us.

“Ahem! We’re still here,” Hannah’s hand waving at us.

“Alex, does Yelena say YES to you? Are you two officially together?” Shaine’s question does an impact to me.

I looked at Yelena before I answer, “No, we’re friends.”

“We don’t believe you,” Hannah said in disbelief tone.

“Wait up guys,” Cedric’s interruption. “We have all the night to spend. So let’s get the party started!”

Two waitresses appeared in front of us with buckets of cold beer and assorted chips. Cedric wants us all to be drunk that every fifteen minutes of the time a waitress came in to deliver drinks. We all have enjoyed the night with drinking, bantering and making some funny stunts.

“Alex, my friend, are you two together? Huh?!” Cedric was so drunk that turns his face in red.

“I said no, we are not what you think,” I said politely.

“Tsk… You’re fooling me. I’ll just asked Yelena,” he first tossed for a drink before words came in to his mouth. “Yelena, tell me, do you like Alex”

Yelena was stunned on what Cedric asked for and that everyone is waiting for her to answer him back. But no words came out from her. I feel like I was being beaten by thousands of whip. I felt a pinch in my chest like I was in my first break up. I like her even if she’s so cold and stiff but I’m not losing hope.

“If you don’t like him, maybe you can like me too. I’m sweet and adorable, right Alex?” Alvin was also drunk that he threw himself up to me for a hug. “I love this Buddy,” then kiss me in my cheek.

“Ewww!” Hannah protested.

Passed eleven in my wrist watch when the group decided to leave the resto bar and take our own different way. I offered Yelena to take a walk with me and bring her to her apartment. Along the way, silence comes between us until we reached her place.

“Have you enjoyed the night?” I asked before she opens the door of her apartment.

“Of course! Would you like to have some coffee inside?”

“No thanks. I have to go; you must be tired right now. Good night and see you on Monday. Bye!” then I turned to my way.

“Alex,” she called me and I turned my head to see her face once again. “Thank you, it feels so good to be with you” and I see her smile reached to her eyes.

Oh, God! Don’t smile at me like that. I looked above the sky to regain my self-control before I left her.

AFTER flag ceremony, the principal announced our meeting in her office. She discusses about the upcoming Foundation Day Celebration three weeks from now. Part of the school tradition is that every year-level has something to prepare on that one-week festival. The school will be an open place for all who wanted to join and participate in the said event. Also, this will be the time for the other school to visit and have fun together with our students. And the last announcement; “By the way, Yelena called up earlier for her three-day vacation leave. She got an infection that runs through her body and the doctor advised her to take some rest.”

“Can we visit her?” Hannah asked.

“I’m sorry but she was under the quarantine. No visitors allowed but we can all see her after three days. We’ll just have to wait, right Alex?”

“Yes, Ma’am.”

For three days of not seeing Yelena worries me a lot. There were plenty of thoughts came across my mind but in the end I fall to the idea of wanting to see her but the problem is, she was in the state of quarantine. Again, I felt defeated by my own will.

 

TUESDAY night, I can’t catch a sleep so I got up and wear my jogging pants and white shirt. I guess I need a long walk tonight. So I let my feet to take a lead. I passed through some convenience store, pharmacies and even the resto bar that we gone last Friday, still, my feet wants to go farther. I’ve been walking too far when I noticed that I’m walking for about an hour. I decided to take a break when I saw an open club house from the next block. I came in and ordered one cold beer. When I got my beer, I sit on the chair outside the club house where I can see the open sky with an out numbered stars.

“There’s no moon tonight,” the old man said and sat next to me. “They said, when the moon is gone from the sky it lies beneath to the woman’s eyes.”

“Woman’s eyes… sound poetic,” I muttered while I listened to the music of a country song.

But the serenity of the place has disturbed when I hear someone’s screaming for help. “Where is that come from? We have to check the area-“I pause on what I’m about to say when the old man gripped his hand to my wrist. He’s strong! “Sir, let go of my hand. We have to do something for that person.”

“Stay. Do not interfere,” the tone of the old man’s voice was deep as if I came from the core of the earth. As I looked at him, danger is about to fall on me. I grabbed my hand and run towards the place where the scream comes from. I ran as fast as I could and started to pray for the life of that person. I hope I may not be too late.

“Help! Somebody, help me!” a voice in deep agony.

I headed towards the man-made Lagoon. When I got there, I saw a woman fighting for three men with a pistol in their hands. She has a long blood stained blade on her right hand. Without delay she strikes the first man in the chest that immediately fall to his knees. Then, a blow from the other man’s pistol echoed throughout the place but he doesn’t hit the woman who moves so quick that even I can’t notice that she struck the blade in his belly and slashed his stomach from the inside to give another strike that landed on the third man’s left arm. I heard no scream for she cut the man’s throat instantly. The blood spread all over the place. An assassin or a savage criminal; But I can’t let her go, she’s too dangerous. So I picked up the pistol from the man’s hand that lied dead on the ground.

Her last victim is the man who sank in the corner of the wall. She said something on that man but I can’t hear it clearly. She grabbed the man’s collar and suppresses his neck against the wall then she slowly lifted him up using only her left hand. She really has an incredible strength and mastered fighting skills.

“Stop right there! This is NBI, drop your weapon!” I said in a loud clear voice.

She made no response but she withdraw her hand from the man’s neck. I can see fear in the man’s eyes that though being strangled in the neck still manages to run off for his life. Now, it’s between you and me.

“Drop you weapon, now! And slowly turn towards me,” I said it calmly.

She half turned her body but her head facing above the sky, eyes closed. Her hair hanging loosely was played by the wind that some strands touches her face. There were blood spell on her face, hands and on her clothes. With a deep sighed she laid her eyes on me. ‘…when the moon is gone from the sky it lies beneath to the woman’s eyes… lies beneath to the woman’s eyes… to the woman’s eyes’ words that echoed to my ears. “Yelena…” I walked slowly towards her, eyes were fixed and stop in front of her. No words came out from me.

Then to my surprise, she dropped her head on my chest; “I’m tired” then her blade fell on the ground. She closed her eyes and I firmly embraced her.

IT was a week from now when I last saw Yelena in the Lagoon. After I brought her to her apartment and arrived to my place. I immediately called Erol, my partner in the investigation team in NBI. I still haven’t quit my job in NBI even if I’m devoting myself here in school. I gave some of Yelena’s background information and some of the things connected to her including Director Choi and her former student Emir. After two days I got Erol’s report but I have no courage to open it. Instead, I leave it in my drawer.

The school’s Foundation Day is approaching and everyone in the lobby was busy doing their own tasks. My students made the classroom a unique style of photo booth with a touch of light exhibit. They made it so wonderfully that even I can’t imagine how talented they are. The bell rang for a recess and I decided to treat them as a reward for their hard work and without delay they all rushed into the cafeteria. After I paid their bills I decided to go back in my faculty but I heard Director Choi’s raising his voice to someone.

“That’s enough Yelena! You’ve gone too far. How long would you take that into your hands? Are you not tired of doing this? Why can’t you live a normal life?”

“I’m still not through,” Yelena replied in a low tone voice.

“What if they come after you and you will be killed?”

“So be it. I’m doing this for the people I loved and taking their lives are not enough to gain what I lost. I’ll finish what I have started for and nothing can stop me, not even you.”

Silence comes between them before Director Choi had spoken, “I guess I am responsible of what you had become and looking at you now, I’m thinking if you are still Yelena that I have known for and raise up like my own child. This is not what I dreamed of for you, Dear” he embraced her with tears.

“I’m sorry, Sir but please do understand” and she kissed him in the forehead.

 

THINGS are getting complicated; from what I saw the night Yelena killed the three men and from I heard a while ago I don’t know how to think things right. A simple teacher turned into a monstrous killer. What if the Director is right about those men who may come after her? How would you able to handle these things, Alex? Do you still want to protect her?

Then, how would you able to do that; not only her but also the people around her, the students, teachers and the entire school if those men were connected to some illegal group? From what I see in Yelena’s eyes that night, I know that this is not just a simple case of fraternity hazing, there’s something deeper than that. Come what may but I have to do my other duty as an NBI officer; to protect the innocent people from any kind of threat.

So I rushed into my table and read the report that Erol send me. I was right. Yelena was the so called “Mistress” of the CI syndicate before she became a teacher and quit after the death of their leader. If the leader was dead, how come Erol couldn’t close the case until now? Is it possible that the syndicate was not yet dissolved? Does it mean that Yelena is the core to solve Erol’s mission?

I was in deep thought when my phone rings and I know that this is Erol. “Hello”

“For God’s sake Alex, where have you been? I’m calling you for four times!”

“Why?”

“Bro, the CI syndicate is heading at your school right now and they were damn serious to finish her and if Yelena will die I probably wait for another decade for this case. I already called your school Director to settle the security of the school.”

“Okay, I’ll bear with you.’

“Hey, are you armed?”

“Always”

“Good! We’ll be there in three minutes.”

The school alarm was echoed around the school and the Principal was giving an instructions.

“Announcement: We have an emergency evacuation. I am requesting everyone not to panic and follow the instructions of your teachers. To all teachers, please settle all the students to our school buses. This is an immediate order. I repeat, this is an immediate order.”

Everyone was puzzled on what the principal has just announced but the good thing was; they obeyed her without any questions or contradictions. The teachers played a good guardian for the safety and protection of every student in the school.

It was a kind of relief that seeing those children secured and out of danger. There is only one bus left and every school personnel were in it except Yelena. Where is Yelena? But before I make some move I heard bullets striking in the rear end of the bus.

“They’re here. Go and leave this place as fast as you could,” I ordered the bus driver.

“Alex, please find Yelena and keep her safe.”

“I will”

Then I run inside the building to find Yelena. Some men chased after me and showered me with their bullets. “Oh, I miss this job, thanks to you,” then I stretched my hand to pull the trigger. “My turn,” four men down.

“Yelena!” I run upstairs but before I made it, a lot of CI men were heading towards me. They are all determined to kill all those who hinder their way. It took me for a while in handling them and when I saw a fire extinguisher I grab it and blow it to their faces before I strike them with my fists. Then I heard gun fires from the outside, it must be Erol and some of his allies that arrived.

On the other hand I’ve seen some men falling from the rooftop and was bleeding due to some lashes on their chests, arms and legs. And when I arrived there, I’ve seen again the other nature of Yelena. The same as what I have seen in the Lagoon. With her long hair down waving behind her back and a deep impassive eyes holding her bloody sword. Facing her was a man in a mid-40’s holding two paternoster blades in both hands.

“Oh, look who’s here, Officer Alex. You have just come at the right time. As you can see, Yelena and I were having some a sort of reunion. I know you don’t know me but I know who you are.”

I know this man was trying to divert us into something. “I bet you are the new head of the CI syndicate, am I right?”

“You’re so smart kid. My name is Benjamin, so you also know her.”

“Yeah, my co-teacher.”

“Co-teacher,” then he laughs out loud. “Is that what you’re trying to portray here, huh?” he draw his face closer to her and whisper into some words that I couldn’t hear and paint a smile as he looks at me that makes my blood burning. “Well, before I end up your lives here, I have a small confession to make.”

I saw Yelena draw her sword, “make it quick.”

But Benjamin draws it away, “well, it’s not really a big deal anyway.” Then I saw some CI men surround us.

Whatever may happen… may happens. “Spell it out.”

“Yelena, my brother didn’t kill your father. It was I who made it.”

It was like I saw a blazing fire in Yelena’s eyes that shifts her in quick and precise movement targeting the head of Benjamin. It was also an indication that the war has begun. I’m fighting with the CI men while Yelena and Benjamin have a one on one fight. They have good fighting skills, no one gives and no one receives.

It took me some time to end up my fight with these men that I haven’t notice that Yelena’s left arm was bleeding. It was Benjamin’s chance to get rid of her when he kicks the arm with wounds that makes her fell down and about to strike her head. But I rushed into Yelena’s side and grabbed her sword and thrust into Benjamin’s belly. He felt weak and dropped into his knees holding his wounds.

“Are you alright? You’re bleeding,” I immediately attend her and wrapped her arm with my handkerchief to prevent the bleeding.

“I’m okay.”

Then I held her both arms as a support in getting to her feet. When all of a sudden, Benjamin ran towards me and attacked from my side and on my instincts I push Yelena away from me. And both Benjamin and I fall from the rooftop.

“Alex!!!”

I heard Yelena calling my name stretching her hand to reach me but everything is too fast, I felt the hard ground on my back. In instance, everything becomes dark.

“WHERE am I? Everything is white so I guess I’m in the hospital. But, where’s everyone? Nobody comes to visit me? Poor me, this is very much painful than what I’ve got in falling from the rooftop. Speaking of rooftop, is Benjamin dead or still alive? What did happen to him after we fall? When I got tired of thinking I press my eyes to get another sleep. It was then I heard someone comes in, maybe a nurse that made a roving. Afterwards, I felt a hand caressing my hair; it comforts me.

 “Alex,” it was Yelena’s voice.

Still my eyes were close. If this is a dream, I want to savor this moment before it ends. She’s still calling my name, caressing my hair and sense her warm breathe in my face.

“Alex, I’m sorry. I am the one who cause you into this,” her voice was trembling. “Please open up your eyes. I promise I will be good this time. Please stay with me,” she’s crying now.

I was about to open my eyes when she pressed her lips to kiss me and I got overwhelmed that I touch her hair in response to her kiss. She then opened her eyes and saw me smiling at her. She turns red and stunned while looking at me.

“You’re awake,” she managed to say. “Wait, I’ll call a doctor.”

Before she moves, I captured her hand “Please stay.”

“How’s your feeling? Is there something hurt?”

“I’m okay. Your kiss makes me well.”

She’s blushing again. “I’m s-sorry about that.”

“No, don’t be.” a moment of silence filled us. “Yelena, can I ask you something?”

“If that concerns the CI syndicate, I’ll be honest to you.”

“How did you get in to them?”

“I was ten years old when I witnessed the death of my father. My father was a policeman and in his job, its normal to handle a case of murder, drug trafficking and more over. And his last case was to mole a syndicate that leads to his death. I was there on how they slain him in front of me, same as what they did to my mother. At the very young age I was an orphan. I don’t know how to escape; all I needed to do is run, run away from them until I made it to the police station. I reported the incident but the case of my parents was the same as the old story that immediately forgotten.”

She pauses for a while to get some air, I still holding her hand. Part of me wants her to stop but I needed to hear her story. For a long time that she keeps it on herself, I think she needs someone who wants to listen to her. I still see pain in her eyes for the death of her loved ones but looking at her, she has finally moved on. She closes the dark part of her like.

 “After that I lived in the orphanage until one day, a friend of my father appears to me. He adopts me and changed my surname, the surname of his wife. He made it to protect me in case the syndicate will try to come after me. That’s our school director, Director Choi. He became my father and my mentor. He taught me how live again and gave me a normal life. Until such a time when I saw the picture of a man in the newspaper, memory flashes through my head, I recognized him; the man who killed my parents. So it came into my mind, my parents deserves justice, if nobody will do it, I will be the one who could make it.

At the age of fifteen, I engaged some illegal jobs that lead me to the CI syndicate which I didn’t fail. I undergone their tests even the hard core trainings and illegal operations. I became a successful assassin as well and able to earn their trust specially Simon, the head of the CI. He opened his world to me and taught me a lot of things until he declares his love for me. At the age of nineteen, he proposed me a marriage and during the night of our wedding was the perfect time to revenge. I poured some poison on the wine that serves in our wedding that those who drank it burned their throat but for Simon, I don’t tend him to taste that wine. I planned something for him, something that makes him looked miserable and tormented. I wanted him to plea for his life. And I got what I wanted.”

“And you bring justice for your parents.”

“No. You made it for me. I missed because it was not Simon,” a playful smile appeared in her face.

How I really love her smile. “Should I deserve a reward?”

“A reward?” now she’s blushing again. “What reward?”

Then I pulled her closer to me, “something sweet like you did earlier, maybe?”

She gave me her sweetest smile and lean closer to me, closer like it was an inch away from each other and with her soft voice, “I can give you that but I’ll cut your throat after.”

Then we’re started laughing. “Hey, you forgot something. Where did Emir set in the picture?”

“Emir was the youngest CI member. In a quiet some time, I saw myself in him. A vagabond who wanted some place to fit in, just like me. When everything was clear I brought him with me. Together we fixed our lives; I finished my studies and became a teacher where my foster father worked. And later he became my student. Until then, Benjamin started to rebuild the CI and his first mission was me. He doesn’t know about Emir, it was all in a coincidence that they saw us together.”

“So, how is he now?”

“He is perfectly fine now. We just have to foul play his condition so that the CI will focus on me. Also, Father Choi paid some of the school personnel to spread some coarse stories about me so that no one will be interested to befriend me. Not until you came,”

“Did I ruin your plans?”

“Not exactly, it’s just like everything becomes different.”

I got confused, “different? Why?”

“B-because you’re different” she’s stammering her words.

“What makes me different?” I began to tease her.

She takes a deep sighed. “I don’t; maybe because you’re so nice to me and comfortable to be with.”

“You like me,” I said with conviction. “Since when do you feel something different in me?”

She refuse to look at me this time, she looked so tense that instead of facing towards me, she chooses to look at the floor.

“W-when you first hold my hand.”

Slowly I slipped off my hand from her. She then looked at my hand the way I withdraw it from her. Again, silence comes between us.

“D-do you… like me?”

I gazed into her eyes to answer her, “No… because I love you.”

In so much happiness, she placed her arms around me and paid my reward; a sweet and passionate kiss.

From that moment on, I vow to myself that in me Yelena will find home.

END

