Suspense Short Story – Scary house

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was summer time and two brothers were forcing their parents to spend this holidays with grandparents.But parents had to work.So they couldn’t go with them. They told to their kids that they both can go. But don’t force them. They both tried to convince their parents. But it was not possible. After sometime kids understand and went to their room.They were happy because they can go and spend these summer holidays in a village. Their grandparents were living in a village near the sea coast.

Rahul was 14 years old and Rohit was 11. After two days they went to their grandparents village. Grandparents were also very happy to see them. They all were enjoying there. They both mainly spent their time on the sea coast.

One day, when Rahul and Rohit were playing on the sea coast, the ball went to an old house. Their grandparents had told them not to go to that house anytime. They told them that this was a very scary house. Rahul and Rohit decided to go inside the house.They both went there. Actually they both were a fan of scary, horror stories which has ghosts, etc. Suddenly Rohit told to Rahul that they would go there when their grandparents gone to sleep, late at night. So they returned to their home.

At the middle of the night, their grandparents slept. They both went from their room and closed the door silently. It was dark at night. They both loves adventures. They reached there at 1’0 clock. In the dark middle of the night, the house was looking so scary. They opened the front door. Rahul gave torch to Rohit and he switched on the torch. The first thing they saw there was a small kitchen. They went there and saw an old doll. They then went to a room. Rahul turned on the torch. They were shocked to see a small girl lying on the floor. The girl eyes was closed.

Rohit asked Rahul, ” Is she dead?”.

Rahul replied, “I don’t know”.

They were trembling with fear now. They wanted to go from there but their feet were frozen. The house was deathly silent. They both began to fear the worst. Rohit and Rahul tried to ran from that room. The door suddenly slammed shut of it’s own. Rahul was out of that room but Rohit stucked. He tried to open it but he can’t. The door was locked. He screamed, “Brother, please help me.Help me!” Rahul heard that. He banged on the other side of the door. He was desperately wanted to save his brother. So he was trying to break the door. But it was of no use.

Sometimes later, the door opened easily. They both hugged each other and ran from the house. When they opened the front door. Someone called them. They turned their head and saw from the flashlight (torch) . The flashlight illuminated what appeared to be the dead girl who was lying on the floor. She was laughing now. Rahul and Rohit were crying. They were scared to see that girl. They saw their parents and grandparents were also there. Rahul and Rohit ran to them and hugged. Grandparents told them that it was a prank. Their mother said ,”you both never listen to us. You always read horror or mystery book instead of your school course books. So we decided to gave you a lesson from a prank. Sorry for this. It was scary but we don’t have a choice. ”

Rahul and Rohit were shocked from this. But they learnt what their parents and grandparents wanted to teach them.

__END__

