Suspense Short Story – SNEHA

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rajsekhar,Sree,Subbu,Bhanu  are pursuing their third year Btech.

Among all, ‘Rajsekhar (simply Raj)’ is kind of person who don’t believe in god and evil. He hasn’t been to temple at least once in his life time, and even won’t listen to people who speak about evil things. Though he seems to be a strong minded person, he is the sensitive person of all.

 

After completing their semester exams Sree,Subbu,Bhanu went to Rajsekhar room for chitchat.

Bhanu : “

”

Subbu : “

”

Sree : “

.?”

Rajsekhar: “

….”

Bhanu : “

Rajsekhar : “

Bhanu : “

(In kind of sarcasim tone)

“I suppose that you are fear at these evil movies, and so telling as if you are not actually believed in them…

Rajsekhar : (in a serious tone) ” 

…”.

This way both Rajsekhar and Bhanu went on fight between existence of evil and god.

(After a conversation of around 15min..).

Bhanu : “

.” and went out of Raj’s room in a serious shutting of door.

 

Clock is ticking 10 o’clock in the night. All the three friends met at Raj’s room back again. Bhanu opened a chart and spread it over on the ground.

Bhanu : “

…”

A spirit chart or talking board is a flat board marked with the letters of the alphabet, the numbers 0-9, the words “yes”, “no”, “hello” (occasionally), and “goodbye”, along with various symbols and graphics. It uses a planchette (a coin) or movable indicator to indicate the spirit’s message by spelling it out on the board during a seance.

Subbu : “

Bhanu placed four candles at end of the four corners of chart. Each of them sat at each corner of the spirit chart. He kept a coin on the center of spirit chart and instructed to keep their index finger on it.

Bhanu : “

”

Every one closed their eyes and started chanting”Spirit come…Spirit come”, silence was all around them and seriousness started creating some strange feeling in each of their minds.

After few minutes of chanting, a weird thing happened in the room. All the lights went off as a result of power cut.

Now slowly the coin on the chart started moving. Everyone including Raj, surprised at that moment. Subbu built up the courage and asked,

“Who are you??”…

The coin moved gently and pointed to the word “Hello” which is in one corner of chart. After a couple moves again, it pointed to some alphabets and responded to the question.

“

(written on the spirit chart by the motion of coin)

Bhanu : “

?”

He repeated the same question two more times, but there was no response from soul. After a couple of minutes, coin moved and wrote “Murdered”.

Sree : “

Again there was hell full of silence…. this time coin moved fast and wrote….

“I WANT MY RISHI BACK!!!!!!!”

Subbu : “

Soul : “

”

Raj : “

Now coin moved immediately and wrote “KILL”.

Raj all of sudden removed his finger from the coin, consequently one of the candles in the corner fell down and spirit chart blew up in to fire.

Abruptly room filled with full of fear and terror. After few minutes power came on and all the lights were turned on back. After this serious incident, everyone is in appalling state. As its already late Subbu,Sree,Bhanu went back to their homes..And so Raj was all alone in the room that night.

 

Early in the morning Raj wake up soon and looking for his Spectacles. In search for it he came across the dressing table mirror. Astound on seeing that something written on it.

With blood stain marks he saw a word “SNEHA” on the mirror. He immediately rubbed off the stain marks on mirror with a towel. But he didn’t take it seriously for first time.

That night raj was watching a movie on laptop and slowly went in to a boundless sleep. Suddenly he heard noise of someone pressed the handle of door to come in. He then went to see is there anyone outside. All the doors at staircase were locked. He could not find anything weird.

He then turned off the light and tried to get back in to sleep. Again after a couple of minutes he heard the same noise again. When he saw at the mirror, his mind immediately strikes with the blood stain marks of words that he saw on morning.

He could not able to sleep that night as he was haunted by ghost things all through the night.

 

From that day on, every morning he saw the blood stain marks on mirror written “Sneha” or “Kill”…But never Raj had spoken about this with his friends.

One fine day all four friends decided to go to a beach and spent some time on weekend there.

All started of journey in their own bikes and Bhanu was riding little faster.

Bhanu : “I will be there at a tea stall to drink some water and you people follow me up there soon…ok..”

Mean while Raj,Sree,Subbu were talking snaps and going slowly. When reached the tea stall, suddenly they saw a group of people surrounded. Raj went close and surprised to see Bhanu lying almost dead on the floor, at last breath Bhanu was trying to say something…he said a name “Sneha” with a dead voice almost and passed away.

Raj and his friends came across a lorry with which Bhanu met an accident with. On back side of the lorry number plate, name “Sneha” is written.

 

Raj was totally gone into depression after that incident and believed that Bhanu died since he was the person who bought spirit chart that day night.

Subbu : “

.”

Raj  : “

They started discussing about this and decided to seek a Swamiji who can get rid out of their problems from so called soul ‘SNEHA’

Raj and Sree went along with Subbu to meet with Swamiji who is residing far at some hilly forest area from their place. It was totally dark in the evening when they had reached the Swamiji’s ashramam.

That was a little hut amidst refreshing natural surroundings. Though Swamiji were looking to be very young enough but the walls of his room infers that he is too old enough, might be some hundreds of years….!!!

As and when Raj entered inside the ashramam, Swamiji asked him to stay outside as because Raj doesn’t believe in GOD and so denied to stay outside only. When Sree explained the situation of him and begged for a help, he replied as

“Ok..then… i will give you a token of power which will help to stay out of this problem, only when he believe in it i.e, believe in god indeed.”

Raj gladly accepted the power of token and went away thanking Swamiji for consoling him.

 

It was too dark in the night when Raj,Sree,Subbu reached their homes from that forest area.

Raj was back to his room. Though his mind was now confident enough to fight with soul SNEHA, but his heart completely filled with deep sorrow at his close friend Bhanu’s death and who had died just in front of his eyes and could not able to help him at all.

As days passed on, no more haunted circumstances he came across after tying that power of token to his hand. But whenever he looked in to the mirror the blood stained words KILL/SNEHA strikes to his mind. The glimpses of door sounds on every night haunted him again and again.

After these terrible incidents he was not able to talk with his friends or family properly. He himself struggled to fight with the impressions of ghost. Then finally Raj was not able to stay any longer in that room. And so vacated the room very next day itself and went in search for a new room to stay.

Raj took a new room far away from the old one.

The token of power (given by Swamiji) which he tied to his hand, set him to create belief in god…since he hadn’t haunted by SNEHA’s soul again from then.

Slowly he forgotten the incidents happened to him and started new life. He is now talking and mingling as good as before with his friends or family.

 

Go back to the day when Bhanu had bought the spirit chart to play.

It was actually all set and played by Bhanu only.

He had only written the name Sneha, Suicide, Kill etc…on spirit chart…and there is no ghostly action involved there.

“Sneha “ or “Kill” words on mirror are also wrote by him only. In making Raj to believe on ghosts and thus on GOD as well some day.

But the day when Bhanu met with accident, he was actually tried to tell that Sneha is not there really and it’s just his creation to play with him. But failed to utter completely and thus Raj and his friends heard only the name SNEHA at his last breath….

 (Situations that really happened in the story)

Bhanu’s game of bluffing.

Door sound on that night was because of the spring inside Lock has loosed, So when any one opens the lock with loose suspension will make it flips up again after some span of time.

 (Situations that are coincidentally happened in the story)

Power off/on had coincidently occurred, when the spirit game started and ended.

Bhanu’s accident added an extra fear to Raj.

 (Situations that Imagined for believe in non existing soul SNEHA)

When Raj heard lock opened sound, imagined that someone was out there and so he didn’t slept the whole night.

And every time he saw in to mirror, imagined of SNEHA and so finally came out of the room at end of the story.

So Raj in his life started believing about God and Evil things after this incident in his life. And important one is that, He never come to know that all this is just a bluffing game by Bhanu and might again stick to his old behavior of not believing in God and Evil.

 

One fine day after Raj shifted from that old fear full room to a new room, while he was busy in cleaning the racks a wooden frame fallen on to the floor. He turned the frame and looked into it….

He starred looking in to the frame and then suddenly felt on the floor

It was a 22 years girl photo frame and these two lines written on the corner of it,

SNEHA

Birth date: 1991 & Death date: 2013

.

**************

I was once planned for making a short film with the same story. It was my third year of degree.

We prepared the script and ready to shoot on every evening after our college.

When we tried to shoot Spirit game episode, a weird incident happened. Suddenly our camera got charged down, since it was not charged enough properly at all. That day night we went to a restaurant for dinner. When we finished and came out, a bike came fast and crossed us rashly.  Shockingly name ‘Sneha’ written on the back side of number plate.

Of course we didn’t take it serious but postponed the spirit chart episode to last day of our shooting, which had never happened at all. Since everyone in the team became busy with college technical projects and some of them got placed in a company, so never found time to complete it.

__END__

 

