Tringgggg….I suddenly jumped of my seat when the  bell rang during our last lesson. It was my favourite subject and my favourite teacher.

But that day I was not at all listening to any of my classes. My mind was wandering, overflowed with thoughts. I have heard that a wandering mind isn’t just a distraction. It may be your brain’s default state. The realization may help us better understand the difference between creativity and mental illness. I was in search of that  precise word, “creativity”.

Actually I was not a day dreamer. If you are not surprised I was a frontbencher. Like all the frontbenchers I too acted really well even if I didn’t understand all those indigestible topics. Now coming to this subject the situation varied. The best teacher whom I have ever met in my entire studious life. When she took lessons I usually get melted into it. But that day I didn’t hear anything. I was melted into the thoughts of writing my first story. I didn’t know what to write, but I was sure that I wanted to write something. I wanted to explore the world of creativity.

“So students we will continue the next class. Don’t forget to submit the assignment tomorrow.” My thoughtful mind was intervened by her words. Class finished. All the students jumped out of the class like peas popping out the pod. I listlessly took my bag and slowly walked towards the school gate where my cycle was parked. I decided not to ride it.

“Hey…Amal stop dear.” I stopped the cycle and turned back. It was Nimisha my best friend. Moreover my second-guesser.

She reached near me and gasped heavily. “Oh God…why you didn’t wait for me. I was trying to call you but you didn’t stop.” I opened my mouth to answer but she intercepted. “By the way did you complete the assignment.”

“Assignment..what? Which assignment?” I looked at her questioningly. She started laughing at my question and that made me suspicious.

“Oh..Nimmy come on, stop laughing and tell me which assignment you are talking about?” She controlled her laughter and answered. “Just now teacher reminded us of the assignment. You forgot???”

“What was it about?” I asked. “It was about the wonders of the world. Hey we have to submit it tomorrow dear. Don’t you know Meera miss doesn’t like late submission and forgetfulness.” She reminded me. Now I remember… assignment on ‘Seven Wonders of World’.

“I really forgot about the assignment. And I didn’t hear teacher mentioning it.” I tried to give a lame excuse making my face look like the most innocent creature. She looked at me as if I was hiding something. I hope she didn’t expect me to postpone my works and remain absent-minded. Avoiding her uncertain looks I continued to push my cycle. She stood there puzzled.

While walking I erased all the thoughts of writing my first story. My assignment on ‘Seven Wonders of World’ filled my mind and senses. Today I should work on my creative mind to complete it.

Reaching home I threw the bag and laid on the couch. Closed my eyes and started to recollect all the possible ideas of finishing my work. How would I collect informations within a short span of time?

The clock struck 5. I opened my eyes and looked around. All of a sudden a brain wave flashed through my mind. Attic….in the attic I have stored all my old books, my quiz books, encyclopedias and old magazines and news papers. They were more than enough.

I hurried towards the attic and hurdled through the stairs. The attic room was fully soiled and dusted. I fished through all the cartons and boxes laid there. After a long hunt I finally found out the box that contained the encyclopedias. Those had lots of pictures and details about the wonders.

I wiped the dust from the box and managed to lift it. I took it towards the stairs. But on the way I lost my balance and fall down. I felt a sudden dizziness and my head was spinning. I felt that my leg was pulled towards something. Even though my eyes were blurred I tried to focus. Yes, it was a big hole. Yes, I was being pulled towards it. Oh…God. I was falling down…down…I could not open my eyes to see the surroundings.

With a quick thud I landed. Haaa….my head is paining. I think I smacked my head somewhere while falling.

I got up and gazed around. To my surprise I was in the middle of a large barren land.  It was a desert. I could feel the heat of the sun on my dusty cheeks. Where is this place? I adjusted my specs over my eyes. Luckily I didn’t lose it during my fall.

I stared to the bareness again and started to walk. I could not walk, I was limping.  A sandy storm was blowing swirling me down. I closed my eyes tightly intelligently not to allow sand enter my eyes.

After a few minutes the wind stopped blowing. I widely opened my eyes. What? Pyramids….So I am in….Egypt. I reached Egypt through that hole!!!

—*—

(To be continued…)

