Short Story – The Moment

Photo credit: 

 from 

Memories, Sometimes those are all that can cheer us. Most of the times bad memories used to cheer me up because I had gone through them. But now, I don’t need them. My mind is filled with the other ones. A lot of people took horrendous effort to cheer me up through out my journey of life. All I get on thinking about them is nothing but a mirth.

He is no less than any super hero when he gives you his hand against bullies at school especially when you are an orphan. Along with whom you would have hit puberty, secretly watched movies and ahem ahem, shared your first crush secret, had your biggest emotional fight till date, your first priority. He was also the one whom I fought with, for a girl. Best friends could make best enemies. I had to leave the town for boarding school after our tiffs turned into tussles. I would die for a chance to wave him a good bye. Anyway, I might meet him soon if myths are to be believed.

One of the best feelings, receiving love and making love. Jessie, showed me the euphoria in boarding high school. She was the epitome of sassiness. I was addicted to that. Nothing could make you feel better than alpha female being your girl. Cloud 9 wouldn’t last for eternity. Principal walked into private time. Tears were all we had to explain him. Her sassiness wasn’t enough to get through the situation. Her parents took her away. I was out of the school. Later I heard, She was out of her life. It was always my mistake, I always wanted to tell her sorry but couldn’t. Anyway, I might meet her soon if myths are to be believed.

It’s an exhilarating feeling when you are traveling through filthy surroundings and a whiff of aroma lifts you to heaven. Love has the habit of doing that to people. Love can inspire. Love can make people go nuts. It’s Dolores. Her love laid a path for me to drive my existential crisis away. Sometimes, I believed in Chinese philosophy of balancing. Good comes with bad. Dolores left me in dolor. She left me while gifting ourselves a daughter. Anyway, I might meet her soon if myths are to be believed.

Nothing more could make a person responsible than a daughter in his hands. All I wanted is to feel her feet on my face all the day. It was never a great burden to raise a kid like Sarah. I felt like watching myself growing up all again but in a different gender. I couldn’t get prouder to have a kid like Sarah.

World means not just love, It also has lust. For some, lust is world. All they could live for is to let their sperms out. Their psychopathy often beheads the budding blossoms. This time it was Sarah’s turn. I was left with nothing but to be out for blood.

“It’s time”, guards call disturbed my thoughts.

I closed my eyes and blew out a sigh. I turned back to him and nodded my head with agreement. I was taken out of the room.

“You’ve done nothing wrong, You made us proud by sending that animal to hell. You might meet them all if myths are to be believed”, assured guard.

I walked towards gallows with an expression of hope and satisfaction on my face.

I might meet them real soon if myths are to be believed.

__END__

