One Ghostly Night-A short story

Photo credit: 

 from 

I sit in Rembrandt’s sipping at the warm cup of coffee that sits in front of me. Slowly I move the spoon around the liquid mixture. Waiting patiently for my friends to show up. The place was practically dead save for me and a few customers. The staff sat around chatting with each other and the manager was asleep in a booth.

Rembrandt’s was a family restaurant that stayed open twenty-four seven. The outside was made of brick with a huge red and white sign that flashed Rembrandt’s.  The inside had booths that were alright to sit in and chairs that looked like they might fall apart one day. Some tables still had gum underneath them and the smell of cigarette smoke filled the air. I pull out of smokes looking at the ashtray the waitress had placed on the table for me. The waitress a woman named Lydia she was beautiful with long black hair and deep brown eyes. A smile that warmed your heart on those cold empty nights. Lydia had a body one begged to touch. I watched as a few guys made comments to her about her buttocks. I wanted to jump up and tell those brutes that is not how you treat a lady. Lydia just laughed and thanked the guys. I continued to drink my coffee.

My friends finally arrive. It was the usual group of 3 ghost seeking individuals, well 4 if you include me. We had heard rumors about ghost within the tunnels of an old dirt road months ago.  So we began to make a weekend thing of it. Leroy drives the car an old reddish orange firebird. Cheryl sits in the passenger seat, while me and John take the back seats. The sound of the engine roars to life its metallic hull coursing at 80 miles per hour down the streets towards our destination. A few quick turns here and there as Leroy drove his car like he was a racecar driver.

A forty-five minute drive to get to our location and soon we were getting out of the vehicle. We had to be quick as people every now and then would drive up and down here at all hours. John usually went first as he takes off his shirt walking into the first tunnel to leave the rest of us behind. He was very pale with short brown hair and covered in Celtic tattoos. Tonight seemed different I could sense it in the air. Tonight something was going to happen as I felt the energies within this area surrounded by nature far away from the industrial buildings of man. I peered into the darkness of the tunnel. There was no sign of John only the empty abyss. John soon returns his back having been clawed by something. Blood trickled down as Cheryl took a cloth and took care of the wounds. John looked up at us with a smile. For some reason he loved when he got marked. I never understood why, maybe it was his way of knowing that there was something out there

John took Cheryl’s hand and led her in. Nothing usually happened when they were together. Perhaps the spirit saw the love they shared for each other. Cheryl was short and skinny. Not anorexic she did eat, but her body never allowed her to gain any weight. She had light olive tone skin and black hair. The first couple of times Cheryl had been reluctant to go inside. Feeling uneasy about what was in there. So John had promised to led her in and out quickly each time. Each time they stayed in a bit longer. We had a few minute time limit for each person.

Walk to the middle of each tunnel, either stand or sit and wait. Sometimes a car filled with teenagers looking for a place to party would drive up and so whomever was in the tunnel would have to cling to the rocky sides.  Eventually they would come out and then Leroy would go take his turn. Walking with a gimp leg Leroy moved slowly at first and then come running out a few minutes later. I would prepare to go in. I liked going in last it made me feel more connected to the area. I walked with my hands clasped behind my back. Bowing to whatever was inside before I entered.

The darkness surrounded me as I sat down in the middle. I look up seeing her there. A ghostly apparition floating naked before me. Her long golden hair flowing in the windless void. Her ample breast perked as I felt her hand caress my check. Planting a gentle kiss upon my lips. The kiss was cold and inviting. I wanted her, I needed her. She whispers to me to protect her from the man in the darkness. I bow to the Lady in White vowing to become her protector and her lover. I kiss her once again as our souls become one within the emptiness forever lost to each other. I head back to the others feeling a sense of power surging through my very being.

We drive up to the second tunnel where the man in the darkness awaits. This time I go in first, the man in the darkness waits for me. His eyes gleaming red with predatory lust. Blood trickles down his lips and claws as he prepares to attack. I feel the power of my ghostly lover within and let it out with a loud blood curdling scream. My body is ripped asunder as claw slash at me. I take the blows with each breath I take. My blood flows over the ground as I look up to see her the White Lady her arms wrapped around the Man in the Darkness waist from behind him. A sadistic smile on her ghostly lips. I look at her hurt that she had used me. I was not her lover, merely a meal for her and her lover. My essence to be drained in order to keep them here longer. I close my eyes listening to the sound of children laughing in the night. I hear my friends shout for me in the distance. A sudden power is unleashed from me, one I never knew I had as I link my soul to the area vowing to protect those that enter from the evils that terrorized the terrain. I walk out followed by a large gust of wind that lets me know they are not happy.

We head back to Rembrandt’s to finish our night with a nice cup of coffee and the company of good friends. I smile knowing none shall be harmed so long as I am still around. One the way back I feel my soul drift out of my body and back to that place. I watch as my friends take me to the hospital and then a few months later they are burying me in the ground. I had died that night and had never exited the tunnel. My friends had merely seen my spirit and had rushed in to rescue me. Yet they had been to late. I wander the forest terrain watching for those that would be foolish enough to come here…

__END__

