We had to carry my friend for the last mile of the expedition.

Raffay and I sighed a sigh of relief when we saw Shereyaar lying close to a scree.

We were snowboarding in Malam Jabba when Shereyaar lost his balance and rolled down the jagged snow.By the time we reached Shereyaar, I was breathless. He was lying on the brink of the mountain which made me dizzy.

Shereyaar was out cold,which meant that we had to carry him for the last mile of the expedition.I licked my dry lips as I placed Shereyaar’s arm on my shoulder.Hoping,that I could support his weight.I lifted my eyes to see the snow-capped towering mountain which was shrouded in mist.I took a deep breath and regretted my decision for the umpteenth time.Maybe if I hadn’t forced them to come snowboarding with me,this wouldn’t have happened.I continued to march up the hill with my snowboard in my other hand.

Despite the fact that I was chilled to the bone,a bead of sweat managed to trickle down my forehead.

Raffay read my facial expressions and sensed my guilt.He assured me that there were no serious injuries except a slight wound on Shereyaar’s cheek;there was nothing to worry about.He smiled my favorite smile and I nodded in return.

My feet sank into the snow that had blanketed the ground as I managed to trudge forward. I could feel Shereyaar’s hot breath on my neck against the frosty air. The snow had practically enveloped everything and it was blinding.We passed a log cabin and black smoke diffused through its chimney.Oh! How I wish we could snowboard up the mountain top.

It was dusk.One and a half hour had passed.I carefully observed the sky,upon which beautiful colors splashed.Just then Raffay’s stomach grumbled into the silence.I laughed and snorted which was very un -lady like.Now it was his turn to laugh.We carefully rested Shereyaar against a snow laden tree and stretched. Raffay pointed out to the mountain top from where we could seek help.5 mins more of stomping.

I managed to place Shereyaar on the snowboard and hook his feet and arms to the foot holdings. Raffay stood there dumbfounded as I handed him the rope so he could start dragging the snowboard.The surface was smooth and slippery,so the snowboards glided on the snow.

Adrenaline rushed through my veins as we stopped. Raffay fell onto the snow,exhilarated.

It wasn’t so bad after all, I thought. After all, I had certainly learnt my lesson.Things could go terribly wrong when you least expect them.

–END–

