It happened again…Petals spread all over the floor, covering it completely. The smell of roses resides in the air, smothering her lungs with its sweet-seductive scent. She tries switching on the lights but the powers down, as it is every time the roses appear. The only illumination in the big room is provided by lit candles standing up among the millions of rose petals. The candles are placed in such a way that it forms a clear path of light, leading up to the spiral staircase. The stairs, like the rest of the floors, is covered in rose petals.

This isn’t the first time she walked into her apartment flooded with rose petals and enlightened with the small flames of hundreds of candles. In-fact, the exact same thing happened six years ago. It was after her first international beauty competition that she won. Of course she thought it was from her agency or her admirers. But no one knew anything about rose petals. Nevertheless, the second time it happened was only six months ago, after she was crowned the first princess after miss universe. It was a big disappointment no doubt, she wasn’t happy with the Russian girl being crowned as miss universe. Her bitter thoughts subsided as she inhales the scent once again and slowly start to climb up her rose-petal covered staircase. Everything around her is pitch black, exept for the candle-lit path leading to the upper floor.

She was no longer in doubt, this was an obsessed lover congratulating her on her victories. The thought of a millionaire romantically obsessed with her, turnes her flame of pride and self-obsession into a fire. As a super model and a miss universe finalist, she had crazed men stalking her on a regular basis, of which most of them is obviously millionaires. She felt pleased, coming home to the work a romanticised man spread all over her floors.

Finally, someone who truly recognises my beauty and appreciates the light I bring to the modelling world!

Her lips, as red as the roses beneath her black high heals, smiles in frantic expectation. Her slender face is skillfully covered with expensive make up applied perfectly on her flawless skin. Her deeply captivating blue eyes, decorated with black mascara and eyeliner looks picture perfect as she looks up to the stairs in excitement.

Maybe, this time he’s waiting up there for me. She thinks to herself as she climbs higher to her destination.

No other model. Not even miss universe had such an admirer! Her self worship grows as she meditates on that particular thought. But what she finds at the end of the spiral staircase, blowers her mind to bits and erases all her thoughts within seconds. She lets slip a soft, high-pitched yelp as her eyes falls on her mirror image, painted on a massive canvas. It’s a painting painted with such care and perfection that it could be mistaken for a photograph.

For a few moments all her power and concentration is focused on the painted version of her self standing on the first step of the staircase, staring at her with mesmerising blue eyes and a brilliant white smile. Her thick, wavy, blond hair draped over her shoulder. The tight, long red dress is painted perfectly, emphasising every curve as she stands in the middle of millions of rose petals and candles on both sides of her.

She realises that she is somehow out of breath, as the absolute perfection of the painting enraptures her senses. For a moment she could just imagine what unimaginable love and infatuation this man must have toward her. After staring at the art-piece for another few minutes she hears soft music starting to play.

Big, warm hands slowly and softly creeps up from her wrists to her shoulders. She freezes in anticipation, her eyes wide, her full mouth slightly parted. Her red satin dress sits tightly on her splendidly sculpted body, edged with superb curves and cleavages. The red material emphasises the faultlessness of her physique. And she knows, the man behind her is the creator of the magnificent painting.

She can feel his breath colliding with the skin on the back of her neck, filled with the sweetness of an expensive Rose. Her head slightly tilts to the side, exposing her slender neck, decorated by a single beauty-spot. Her whole body awaits the promise of warm and gentle lips on her skin.

He swiftly fulfils the unspoken promise she abidingly waits for, leaving an electrically arousing feeling speeding down her sinews. She forgets all the thoughts she meditated on only moments ago, as her mind is enraptured by his alluring lips just barely touching her soft skin. As he removes his hands from her shoulders, her legs feels strangely weak, her breathing shallow from expectancy. When she finally opens her eyes, she feels hypnotised. Unable to move she stares at the painting. It takes her a few minutes before she sees clearly, but as her eyes starts to focus, she notices a small detail that she didn’t see earlier.

Weak, and aroused by her admirers lips she unsteadily moves closer to the painting, unable to resist the urge.

A Small frown grows between her perfect eye brows.

She moves even closer.

Her heart thumps heavily against her chest, before ceasing to beat.

She stares at her painted figure, powerlessly realising.

Her fascinating, painted self is posing with a delicately sliced neck.

–END–

