Suspense Story – “CRAZY DAY, ENLIGHTENING EVENING”

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Now, 

 happened to have two friends. 

 aged 

 and younger to him, the other was the same age as 

. His other pal’s name was 

. 

 seemed to be more mature for his age with a vast in-depth knowledge of the 

 and its verses. He was a very philosophical minded kid. Always happened to be fond of the stars and wore a ‘cross’ around his neck at all times. While 

 was a brash kid, who used to go around thrashing other orphans who did anything 

 according to him. He thought of himself as an 

, who was here to bring the people to justice who committed any kind of 

. His way of bringing them to 

 was by beating them up, no matter how many times he was punished for beating the other children up, he still returned to the same habit. 

 told 

 that from now on, if anyone disturbed him, he was there to beat them up. This attitude didn’t quite seem to please 

. He seemed to be perceived as 

himself by 

.

After chatting for a long two hours, 

 decided to get some fresh air. 

 decided to join in while 

 didn’t care much to join them. But,

 suddenly remembered he got some task to finish so even he decided to stay back as the next day was ‘Monday’, and, he would be punished in failing to submit his homework on time. Well, so 

 was by himself again. Contemplating about what happened. The whole day was totally crazy for him. Right from the early morning till now, weird things had happened around him that was unimaginable just the day before. He wanted answers real bad.

“why the hell am I being targeted God! What have I done?”

, he shouted while at the same time he desperately cried. It had a very cleansing and purifying effect on him somehow for reasons unknown. He felt lighter than ever before.  It was late in the evening, it was getting dark outside. So he decided to go back to his dorm and study the 

 for a while. This sudden urge was not regular in him. He didn’t care to read the 

 before. That evening, he wanted to read it real bad. Maybe because unconsciously; he wanted to be like 

, who knew the whole bible and, yet happened to be younger than him. Or was it an unconscious 

, one of the 

 Or straight out the snake episode and the washroom thing that occurred, both stirred something deep within his soul. It could be any one of these, you decide.

It was just the 

 of 

. The chosen one; with a destiny that would take him on a spiritual journey of a lifetime. He was on his way towards a soulful journey that would shake his very core and, make him understand the necessity for the existence of; good and evil and the forces at work behind the scenes.

So that whole day had been quite crazy for 

, everything that happened was totally otherworldly and 

without any explanations. Neither could he ever imagine that such events might occur one day in his life. The day started like any other but turned ‘

 for him. But then again, it wasn’t as boring as the other days. Quite eventful, wasn’t it? Now all he could hope for was that 

 kept him safe from malefic and malevolent 

 and 

. He was quite hoping that whatever happened with him wasn’t because of any such 

. He thought long and hard about all the events that followed that day, while quietly sitting at his corner bed with the 

 in his right hand, looking out of the window, reminiscent of those nerve-racking events he witnessed and trying to decipher a meaning out of it as to 

 had a hard time trying to keep all that mysterious and horrifying incidents to himself; after all he was just a thirteen year old boy.

, a boy living in the same dorm spotted 

 sitting there at a corner with a confused and disturbed expression on his face. It was quite evident from his face. The dorm had double decker beds, total of twenty. So there were forty kids in one dorm with a very scarce amount of space to walk. The walls were of a boring beige hue with cracks and crevices. It was rather quite un-interesting. Above the main entrance of the dorm there hung a cross. 

 was a friend of 

, since they shared the same double decker bed. 

 called on to 

 and pointed him towards 

since he noticed 

 hanging out with 

 earlier in the day.

Hey, what’s up 

? From the look of your face it seems like something is really bothering you! What’s wrong brother?

Hello? Hey! Are you alright? You seem lost.

Oh, yeah. Just a bit tired that’s all!

David: 

Brother, something is surely wrong. I bet. I never saw you with a 

 before! That’s weird. Please tell me what is it? I am your friend right? Just let it flow! Oh yes, if you need any help with the Bible there, you can always call on me. I feel like a 

, the whole 

 is inside my head. By the way is it the 

 or the new one?

Nothing, just weird things happening around you know! 

. I have the 

 with me 

Though I haven’t read it much you know? I don’t know much 

Well at least it seems like you are interested in reading it! But how did this sudden transformation happen? Christians either read it when they follow it in a hard-core way and the others hold it when in some sort of a trouble. Something has happened to you! I am not moving until you tell me about it! What kind of weird things?

That’s pretty scary actually! I don’t know how you were able to contain all of these, without sharing with anyone. If it happened to me, I would have been in a 

 by now. I will pray for you 

. Don’t worry things will be alright. God works in mysterious ways so does the Universe. May 

, 

 and 

 protect you from malevolent energies and entities! You saw a serpent make a perfect circle on you. Well it is known as 

Don’t worry that was a blessing from God. It wasn’t the serpent of the 

; in that case it would have spelt trouble. I believe you don’t have any Idea what ‘Oroborus’ means, isn’t it?

