Short Story Suspense – When the Screams were Silenced

Photo credit: 

 from 

I found a way to stop it. The noise. I found a way to shut it out, to stop the screams. Finally they were silenced. I feel so ashamed that it led to this but what could I do? We live in a cruel world it’s true but I know deep down I wish I could’ve done something.

That day in March, it was a Tuesday. It had rained most of the day and I felt sore and tired. I had to go to the store I

 was completely out of food. As I was going down the highway I was five miles from my exit, when I heard the tires screech. A large SUV maybe five cars ahead of me flipped. The world seemed to come to a screeching halt, as if time was standing still. I gripped the steering wheel and slammed on my brakes only for the Truck behind me to slam into me pinning me between him and the Chevy in front of me.

A small car hit the woman next to me and I saw a child, maybe 10 fly over top of the woman’s vehicle. I was in complete shock, all I could hear was screaming and vehicles smashing into each other. Several people who seemed to be uninjured mostly got out of their vehicles and tried to help people trapped, one woman I presume to be the mother, ran up to the child who was lying on the hood of the vehicle next to me. She screamed, that shrill of a scream, the horror she witnessed will torment her for the rest of her life.

I suddenly became more aware of myself, my air bag failed to deploy, as it turns out it was a common default of my vehicle. My windshield was almost completely destroyed only bits of glass remained in place. The steering wheel dug into my chest I then realized I could hardly breathe. My feet were trapped, I couldn’t move my right foot at all. I started to panic, My claustrophobia kicked in. I wanted out but I could not move. It seemed like hours had gone by and I heard the sirens, finally they were coming to help, they could get me out. My vision started getting blurry, I could hardly keep my eyes open. I can vaguely recall the firefighter tapping on my window before I faded out.

I never woke up, I’m still in a coma. I believe I’m dying, or have gone deaf. The screams…they just…stopped.

–END–

Devona Star

