Lucy always lived under someone’s shadow. She prejudiced everyone around her. She had preconceived notions about the people who cared about her. She wanted to demonstrate everyone that she can never run away from them no matter what but truth was something else. She never found peace with her parents or her boyfriend. 

She was bestowed with the ability and capability of finding darkness in everyone. She was a really good observer always tend to observe little things in people’s actions. She had a belief, a really strong belief about the world , she thought that this world is not real. This is the cursed world and she need to go on a quest to find the real world. She wanted to hide away from this world so she was finding someone who could do that for her who can make her fake self who can replace her while she was gone on a quest. She never wanted to see heinous crimes in this real world, as she knew these crimes can have stronger influence on her, so whenever she interprets about the heinous crime or someone desires to do something terrible she just ran away and breaks the relationship with him/her no matter what is the cost. 

She was in search of inherent world where everything is immortal. She knew everything about herself now she was in search of something else.

Her family knew that she ran away once so they used to observe every action of her. She was not allowed to walk freely so she was always in someone’s shadow but this was going to be end soon. 

She always had a tendency to self restraint herself from the people , she never let anyone to come under her skin, she always listens to herself as she knew people only pretends to be sentient but they are not. 

She wanted to find the primordial world which may be past present or future and she knew the resources of this other world would be available in this world. She had a pretty idea about how she must start the journey whoever thinks differently from the world are her saviours. She was ready to withdraw her propensities to achieve this other world. 

Few months later, she was walking down the street, she saw the moving stone which was making a round in the circle. It was the multi-colored stone and she wanted to tether its movement and she took the stone with her, she found this stone to be prominent for her to start her mission. She always had a boyfriend around her as he was instructed by her family to keep a watch over her. She felt that her parents would always rebuke her as they never trusted her beliefs and that was the reason she wanted to run away.

She always had to visit Dr. Naveen who she really admired him for his rolling chair exercise which had its wheels and pivots and she always wondered that how doctor used its wheels to make her forget everything. He had his whiskers jut out like wire. He had so old and small clinic that it feels cramped with just 5 people waiting room and she liked the privacy that Dr. Naveen used to give her whenever she entered his cabin. The waiting area of Dr. Naveen’s office was always scented with citrus and she used to reach early as she was very excited to meet him because he used to make her see about herself like the mirror. He had a variety of exercises for his patients which he never reveals to anyone from where these exercises came into existence. He even used to hypnotize Lucy and in that hypnosis stance, chides her till she cries out heavily. In that hypnosis she remembered some weird and past stuff that she never want to remember when she used to be “Edgy Reggie”, the feral personality always whacking down others for their wrong doings but now she knows that she is agile.

One day, it was raining heavily she had planned to visit Dr. Naveen, Robin advised her to not go alone but her father had stopped Robin and tell him I need you to fix my car,  let her go alone today. 

She said to her father “Don’t you all worry I will come home straight as I don’t want to sink in the mire of this never ending rain”.

 She left her home at 9 A.M. She had her appointment at 11 AM. She used to go daily at this very time no matter what weather comes by. After few minutes of her departure, she saw the group of men running under umbrellas and few others holding each other’s raincoats. She saw her doctor with them. She got curious and started following them, She was pretty sure that they are kidnapping her doctor and taking him somewhere. 

After following them for an hour she saw the “BLACK MAN” who was wearing white hat, it was very unusual scary hat, and she tried to hide beside golden car. Suddenly someone clipped her very hard on her head, she felt like she is soaring in the rain, her eyes were wide open but still she was unconscious, she didn’t understand who is taking her to where. She saw the raincoats on her and she found herself in the Clock Tower. She couldn’t find her doctor now. She was caged in the clock tower and was really desperate to find doctor and wanted to go home. 

She understood that her curiosity finally made her choose wrong path. She said to herself, “I can’t feel my legs, I hope they haven’t hamstrung my part of the leg”. 

She suddenly remembered of her past and she further said, “I need to jump over this obstacle and will not let them succeed in any of their mission”. 

She wanted to understand this place and knew that they have baulked her to leave this place.

(to be continued)

*_*_*

