Suspense Short Story – My UNUSUAL EXPERIENCE as Police

Photo credit: 

 from 

The most unforgettable moment in my life. I was a police a that time. We got quarters in a rural type place. It was a nice quarters. But most of the houses were empty. I got surprised. Because it was a nice quarters but only less people were living there. I asked the servant about this haunted houses. But he ignored me. I was surprised with his behaviour.

Next day when i went to my first day work, a colleague asked me “where are you living now?”

So I said “I’m in police quarters”

Then he went simply without telling anything. I didn’t knew why all were behaving like this.

That day I went home late night. My mom and dad were tensed. When I asked they pointed a place outside and said “Something unusual sound is coming from there”.

So I went there to check. But I saw nothing other than a wolf running. I came house and convinced my parents. But that night I didn’t sleep only. Many questions were running in my mind. The servant’s and that police’s behaviour, my parents’ words. These all were running in my mind.

The next day I went to work lately but came early. We all finished our dinner. My parents were sleeping and I was about to sleep. Then an unusual sound came from the place where I went yesterday. I went outside and went through woods. Then a sound came from behind and suddenly I turned back but no one was there. Then I started walking forward. Then two voices came from both my left and right sides. But I couldn’t notice anyone. Then suddenly I heard a voice of a small girl crying. But then also I couldn’t notice anyone.

After walking another few steps I saw a girl who was about 7-8 years in front of me. As I started walking towards her she started walking backwards. There was a open well backside her. I wanted to warn her but before that she fell into that well. I wanted to rescue her and searched for some ropes. But at that time she was dead. Then I returned home, but I found my mom and dad unconscious. I woke them asked what has happened.

Then my mom said “Some sort of unusual sound came and I came outside. A lady wearing black saree was moving outside. I got feared and felled unconscious”.

Then dad said “I went outside the house. Then suddenly someone came and I don’t know what happened after that”.

Then suddenly I checked the room and found that some jewels and money were missing. Then I came to know that this was done by thieves. I complained that in police office. Within 2 months the thieves got caught.

..

My mom and dad were not in the home. I was single and was reading the book till midnight. I heard the doorbell and got surprised and opened the door. Then what I saw is the real horror. The same girl whom I saw that day was standing outside the door staring at me…..

__END__

