I was returning home after my duty in police jeep with driver. At that time, as it happens in movies there were 3-4 gigantic guys with wooden sticks, who perfectly placed some needles in road to puncher my vehicle. They rushed towards my vehicle as if tiger saw food after fasting for two days. They started hitting me like anything after taking and throwing my gun far away.

I also hit them, but it is like a mosquito bite for them. I can’t fight alone as driver fainted on the moment he saw them. And they don’t bother about him. I decided it is not the right moment to feel I am Police, but to realize that I am a human being willing to live more. Even though, I wanted to prove what it means by police power, I took to my heels.

Luckily, I escaped and reached home late night. Usually rowdies ran on seeing police but straight opposite happened in my case. I couldn’t digest that. I want to find who might have tried to kill me. I started thinking. There are three guys who has that much anger on me.

One is my father-in-law, he only selected me as son in law. Later, once accidentally when he was talking badly about my family to his friend at a cafe during casual conversation, I heard. I wanted to hit him but controlled my anger for my future wife, shouted at him and left the place. He could not tolerate as I insulted him in front of his friend. He called my parent and broke the marriage up.

But my wife said she is not a doll to say okay to everyone her dad shows, escaped that night itself and reached my house. Although my family members were afraid, they accepted her as we all like her. Next morning itself we did register marriage so that no one can separate us. We have a son who is three years old now, but her father hasn’t accepted us yet.

Second person who hates me is my colleague. As he is senior, he hasn’t got the promotion and I got. He couldn’t tolerate that. Few days before, I talked to him in an orderly manner as I was tensed. He replied saying I should never ever speak to him in such a way otherwise I need to feel bad later. Even after that I spoke to him in such a way twice or thrice but not purposefully.

Third one is none other than my neighbor. His parents were old and sick. He and his wife don’t take care of them properly. One day, I spent time with them as they were alone. they were sweet and caring . They felt extremely happy seeing a child (my son), after long time. Then we (my wife and I) started sending our son every day to spend at least ten minutes with them. And my family too meet them frequently to make them happy. But we didn’t expect this to happen. We came to know after their death that they wrote will in my name for a farm land they had, which made my neighbor to hate me.

Who must have planned last night among them?!If My father-in-law had to kill me, he must have killed me a long back. Now I have a son. He will not let his daughter and grandson to lose me, whether he likes me or not.

I strongly feel my colleague must not planned this as he is a kind of person who prays to god for that to happen. And my neighbor is a guy who bothers a lot about dignity and has a vision about future always. He knows he will get caught now or then, if he tries to kill me.

I couldn’t find the person even after spending the whole night. My wife asked what happened. I told her everything. She hasn’t prayed god for saving me or hugged me in emotion. Instead, in front of my son, she started shouting at me for not fighting with them. A spark came to my mind at that moment. I found the culprit.

Two days before, I went to arrest a guy who posted a cartoon in social media criticizing a famous ruling political leader. Under much pressure, I reached his home at late night. He said he has rights to freedom to do whatever he wants. I got anger and shouted at him. His daughter got up from her bed and was crying seeing police shouting at his father. He told me that he will come after some time to surrender but I was in a situation to beat him and take him to police station. He went in parole yesterday.

I haven’t wasted a moment after recognizing that he is the one who did that last night. I rushed to his house. I ran inside his house. I held his hand not with handcuffs but with my hand and said sorry. He repeated the same saying that his intention is not to kill, anyway he must not have arranged rowdies to hit me. I smiled and left his house with light heart.

