Short Story Suspense – When you are not alone

Photo credit: 

 from 

Normally, people are scared when they are home alone or if they are alone somewhere. Many of us feel scared when we are alone, sometimes while walking somewhere if the place is deserted and we are alone then we feels like someone is watching us. We feel scared of the unknown, but it’s not only unknown from which we need to be wary.

For me being alone is acceptable it’s not so scary until you feel like you are not alone anymore. Have you ever felt like you are being watched when you are supposed to be alone? Have you ever felt that you are being followed, but you were supposed to be alone? That’s when you feel real fear. The moment you realize that you are not alone. The moment you finally realize that they are watching your every action, listening to your every talk, hearing your every breathe you will understand that they are near you.

Don’t go noticing them straight away, even if they are watching you try to ignore their presence, and then they may leave you alone. They will try to do everything to make you notice them, like the little clanking sounds from the kitchen; furniture’s being shifted in the basement, the sound of footfalls on the staircase and so on until you realize that you are supposed to be alone. That exact moment when you realize that you are not alone anymore is the moment fear engulfs your entire body making you stay rooted to your spot, but until you can ignore them it will be alright.

Something like this happened with me once; I was home alone that night. As always I studying, suddenly I felt a rustling from my cupboard. Curious of what could have caused it I went to check it. I found nothing, when I came back to my homework I found some pages were torn, I was damn sure that I hadn’t done it. Still I sat down and started doing my homework again then suddenly I heard someone whisper my name near my ear.

I was kind of scared; still I maintained my façade and started working on my homework. I thought I was alone in my house, but all those incidents started indicating that I am not the only one. Until I was alone I wasn’t scared but suddenly when I realized that there is someone with me in this house, a chill ran down my spine. I could hear it calling my name many a times throughout the night, but I ignored it.

The next day my parents found me curled up on the sofa, they got worried and ask me if I was scared as I was alone in the house, I looked at them and answered, “It wasn’t scary because I was alone, but it was scary as I wasn’t the only one here in this house”. Their faces paled significantly.

From that day onwards, whenever I was alone without my family members, I could hear it laugh, calling my name again and again reminding me that I am not alone.

So be wary of it, don’t notice it. Always remember that you need to be careful when you are not alone.

__END__

