Some say vengeance is sweet i disagree with that statement. Jake smith agrees with that statement 100%.

This is the story of Jake Smith. It was a normal day in Smith High school but that all had changed when a certain student got bullied. Oddly enough he had swords hanging over his bed and Jake had grabbed his dagger out of his dad’s dresser. The security at the school was sleep. The bully did not know it was his last day bulling people. Jake was pinned against the locker and Jake reached for his dagger and stabbed the bully in his heart. The principal called the police and Jake was charged with 2nd degree murder.

The cop said  ” if you confess now we can lower your sentence to 4 years.”

Jake said ” I killed him.”

Jake got out of jail at 19, he went to assassin school. The first day of training his mentor came to check Jake’s room for inspection. Jake hid under the bed and dragged him under the bed and said ” if you ever yell at me again you will die, got it.”

The mentor said “Jake you’r a mean individual who preys on the weak, just leave my kids out of your raging war path.”

Jake said” i was never gonna involve them, i’m not that kind of person.”

The mentor said “fine.”

Days passed, judgement day was here whose top dog who became the lead assassin and they need to compete in a tournament the most dummies ripped up in the lowest time will win. The winner is Jake Smith. He wore his uniform with pride, his head held high with a sly smile saying “Behold your new ruler.”

Later on he went home and his parents said “what happened.” His father was proud because his father was an assassin to.

The mother said “what happened to my sweet innocent baby boy ?”

Jake said “He died when somebody picked on him”

Jake’s dad said “we are going to the Atlantic Ocean and then Red Lobster. We are taking the limo.”

As Jake and his father are riding a mysterious car pulls up right next to limo. The limo driver is really Jakes father rival Jack Leroy. Jack drives to the Atlantic Ocean and he shoots Jake’s father in the heart and dumps his body in the ocean. Jake tries to get Jack but he’s gone. With the limo still drivable Jake goes to New York City. He goes to the Fox News Station and said ” This message is to my fathers killer if i catch you your head will be part of my skull collection.”

Before he could finish his last sentence he gets a call from Jack saying “I have your mother if you ever want to see her again you will hand over your title as top assassin to me.”

Jake said “meet me at the Atlantic Ocean.”

Later at the Atlantic Ocean Jack has Jake’s mother Christina tied up. The swat team helicopter arrived and arrested Jake. He was framed for killing his father. At the prison he meets an inmate name mark. Mark said “so you were framed by my father.”

Jake said “yea. Thats why i’m in here because of him”.

Jake said “lets teach him who the real assassin is.”

Mark said ” oh really i saw your handiwork on the news. The way you took down that assault copter was crazy.”

Jake gets a phone call from Jack, he said ” it didn’t have to be this way you could have just handed over your title. You wont survive in this prison.”

Jake said “I survived the cops, explosions and bullets I’m pretty sure i can survive in prison.”

The phone called ended, Jake went to his cell and the next morning he was bailed out. Oddly enough Mark was too. Cause it was Jack. Mark said” you told me you was never going to bail me out why they change of heart.”

Jack said “your my son.”

Jake said “and what am i ?”

Jack said “my pet.”

Jake said ” oh really we will see who talking when i take your heart out of your chest. Your son hates you and where my mom ?”

Jack said “we let her go.”

Jake unties his self and mark and puts a bomb in the driver seat the car blows up. Jake and Mark survive but they realize it was just a clone. Jake said ” his head will be part of my skull collection.”

So Jake and Mark moved on in a Bugatti veryon the car was dropped off the was red and black and the car was indestructible, it was made by Jake’s father Vance they drove to Jack lab. They got out the car grabbed and AK-47 and shot the keypad. As soon as they enter the lab they see the worlds first female assassin, her name was Ashley.

She said “why is the top assassin here ?”

Jake said “Im here looking for Jack.”

Ashley said “what did my father do this time?”

Mark said” that’s my sister.” Mark told Ashley “you can join but Jake is gonna be next to you.”

Ashley said “good i need somebody like him to protect me.”

So Mark, Jake, and Ashley go to find Jack. Ashley said “were going to need guns.”

Mark said “no we just need Jake.”

She said “if he is that good we need to get to know each other better.”

Mark said “ok sis enough flirting with jake we got a job to do.”

So while Mark is driving his friend calls and says “yo i need some guns I will give you 20g.”

So they got the guns and got to his friend house and Jake said ” where my money if you dont have it your head comes off.”

His friend said “I dont have it.”

Jake cut of his head. He said “New skull for my collection.”

Jake puts the skull in the trunk and said “next is your father. Yo Mark hook up that tracker you put on the clone it sholud tell us where your father is.”

Mark said ” my uncle is working with my father.”

Jake said ” where ya sister?”

Mark said “I dont know.”

All of a sudden Jake and Mark see a hole in the car. They get a  call from a private number. Jake says “Hello Jacob.”

Jacob said ” How do you know my name ?”

Jake said “your nephew told me.”

Jacob stepped on the phone. Jake pushed a button and the hole in the car was gone and the car turned into a plane. Jake said “where are they ?”

Mark said ” In Florida.”

Jake said “wasn’t your brother buried there in Daytona ?”

Jake saw a weird thing in Mark pocket. Jake said ” hey isnt this zendors symbol”

Mark said “yea.”

They arrived in Florida Jake said “we should go to Daytona I heard who ever find zendors mask will reveal zendors grave.”

Mark said “really?”

Jake said ” I heard that he is incased in ice to preserve his body.”

Mark said “Fine.”

So they go to find the mask of Zendor. Mark passed out and he had a vision zendor came to him and said “my mask is in my house the keys are under the mat.”

when Mark woke up he was greeted by the paramedics. Mark said ” I know where the mask is.”

so Jake and Mark get in the car Jake said ” you think he will come back to life ?”

Mark said “I sure hope so.”

They arrive at Zendors mansion they get the key and take off the glass case. When they take the mask off the stand a secret door opens under the stairs Jake said “should we go?”

Mark said “we should stay back and wait a while.”

All of sudden lightning came from Marks Fingertips and it was aiming towards a tall block of black ice zendor was inside. Jake said “Where is your brother?”

Mark said “right there.” The mask floats to  zendors face and a beam of light burst from his eyes.

Jake said “He’s alive. Maybe he could help us I mean he does fight against evil and your father is evil.”

Zendor said “My father is the one who burned me so he will pay. Jake since you are the top assassin so I’m giving you the fire swords.”

Jake said “The legendary fire swords are the best, i always wanted these”

So zendor, Jake, and Mark get in the car. They hear the news saying “Breaking News The President has told the military to let all the terrorist go!!!”

Jake said ” Car take us to Washington D.C.”

Mark said “Oh no just what we needed the assassination of the President.”

Jake said “With me its a 50/50 chance you might not get caught. Wait cant zendor freeze time?”

Mark said “yes look we need to focus on getting my sister back.”

Jake said “She’s right there.”

Mark said “Why is the shields down?”

Jake said “someone de-activated them manually. I cant over-ride it.”

Jack puts a silencer on a sniper while the back passenger window is down and shoots Ashley. Zendor said “We should set Jack on fire.”

Jake said “Were in Washington zendor get ready.”

Ashley said “What am I going to do?”

Jake said “We thought you was dead.”

Ashley said “you know its such thing as a bullet proof vest right?”

So Jake, Zendor, Ashley, and Mark go to the white house. Jake said “Let’s go and i swear if the president is related to you say good bye to him.”

Ashley said “He turned on us. So its payback time, i’m taking the kill.”

Jake said “Alright but I’m keeping the skull.”

Ashley takes out the first guard Mark takes out the second guard and somebody takes out 5 guards on the roof. The mystery guy said “I am your father.”

Jake said “really?”

So Jake, Mark, Zendor, Ashley and Vince go in the white house the lights shut off. The group gets Ambushed. The lights turn on and they were in a cage. Zack said “How quaint considering the fact that you were in jail.”

Jake said “The minute I get out of here I’m going rip your skull off now where is Jack?”

I’ll let you out and tell you where he is if you shoot zendor in his chest.”

Jake got his gun filled with blanks and shot zendor in his chest. The cage was lifted and zack said he’s in Antarctica. Ashley grabbed the uzi and shot zack dead, Jake grabbed zack head and ripped his skull off put it in the trunk and was now in Antarctica. Jack came out of no where he said ” Didn’t your mom tell you that you have a sister but i got your sister and what happened to your mom was your fault and you know it.”

Jake pulled out his uzi and shot Jack in the leg and the arm Jake tried to catch Jack but Jack got in his plane and left. Jake got in his car but Jack was gone before they can catch up. Mark said Jake you had him what happened?”

Jake just sat there in shock replaying in his mind what happened. Jake said “where is he? Next time I’m taking the shot he got my sister. I cant let what happened to my mother happen to my sister.”

Jack called Jake, Jack said “Give up your title dont make the same mistake. Meet me in connecticut.”

Jake said “Last time i let you go this time i wont be so forgiving.” The car gets shot in the main engine by Jacks crew. Jake said “dont you dare land this now you land it in connecticut.” Mark said “Jake your playing with fire im landing this now.”

Jake said “unless you had your family threatend dont land this. Your dad killed my mom I’ll be damn if he kills my sister now keep going.”

The plane catches on fire and they crash land in New York. Jake said ” what are we doing in New York?”

The plane was teleported there by Jacks crew. Mark said “Lets go see the Statue Of Liberty.”

Jake said “your joking right this need to be replaced and fast. We might have time on our side but he could kill her in a second we need to go now.” Jacks crew was shooting at them in the plane, Jake said ” Then again that Statue Of Liberty plan aint so bad.”

Jake and Mark go to the top and shot the gun men in the leg and feel into the water. Jake and Mark got on the plane and threw him in the water. Jake said “Mark over-ride the plane. Get us some disguises.”

Mark said “Jake just step on that platform and you’ll look like one of Jacks men.”

Jake and Mark are stopped at Jacks security gate Mark pulls out a silencer and shot the guards and Mark hacked into the gate system the gate opened and Jake shot the gate so it remained closed. They enter Jack’s lab and found Jake’s sister.

Mark said ” Jack security system is not hackable we gonna have to be extra sneaky doing this mission cause aint no way we can make this.”

Jake said “I’m sorry sis I dont know ya name.”

Jake sister said “My name is Katira. I think I know how to get out of here.”

Jake and Mark put on their disguises and made their way to Jack’s office and started looking for blue prints for the security system before Jack came in they grabbed the plans for the underground level of the lab. They shot at the window to make it look like an ambush. The Alarm system went off Jack seen the bullet holes Jack said “you two lets go we going underground and get the prisoner and bring her down.” All of them go down to the lab they see a bomb. Jake said “what you gonna do with that bomb I forgot.” Jack said “We are going to nuke New York City in progress blowing up the Statue Of Liberty.”

Mark said “Isn’t that a little too extreme I mean tons of civilians live there.”

Jack said “My daughter and son live in New York City and they trying to kill me.”

Jake said ” maybe because you payed mpre attention to your lab work than youu did them.”

Jack said ” you dont understand how much i had to do for science now shut up before I shoot you in the head.”

Jake said ” Ok boss no need to result to violence it aint that serious.”

Jack shot Jake in the arm and said “I said shut up.”

Jake reached for his gun before he could pull it out Mark said “Dont do it Ashley is gonna get him. We risk ya sister life if you shoot him He’s not worth losing your sister.”

Jake said “If something goes wrong I’m shooting you in your foot.”

Mark said “Why it got to be the foot?”

Jake said “Would you rather it be your head?”

Mark said “Why you so violent?”

Jack said “Enough talking. Open up the bomb.”

Mark said “New York City is going to be decimated. Jake any thoughts on how we are gonna stop this before it launches and reach New York tommorw night ?”

Jake said “We should stay down here when they go up. We take my sister sabotage the rocket get home go off the grid for a while and maybe retire.”

Mark said “Retire? man your to far in the game to step down now. Did you know why I have so much faith to go on with this plan? Its because of you.”

Jake said “Ya know what your right now lets go destroy this bomb.”

Mark said “Thank goodness I can disable the audio on the cameras or we would have been dead with ya big mouth.”

Jake said “Shhh Jack is coming.”

Mark said “So what i was never scared and neither was Tiyazjah.

Jake said “Who is that?”

Mark said “My cousin.”

Jack said “Where is that girl?”

Jake said “She’s sneaky you should check upstairs.”

Jack goes upstairs and Katira came out behind the cell. Mark tries to re-wire the bomb but the alarm goes off. Jake said “Katira is taking this one for the team.”

Jack said “Ok someone touched my bomb who was it tell me now and you might get shot in the arm or your foot I choose not you.”

Katira said “It was me cause if this bomb hits New York you gonna be the most wanted man in America.”

Jack said “I faced a 100 man army im pretty sure I can handle another army.” Jack shot Katira in the arm and said “if you ever tey to pull that again it won’t be your foot it will be your head now get back in that cell.”

Katira got back in her cell and Jack locked it back up but this time he put his state of the art security system on the cell.

Mark said ” Just great she aint getting out for a while. We need to get those plan’s for this system and fast or she’s dead lets just hope your sister dont make him mad cause he could only take so much.”

Meanwhile back in New York City Ashley is sitting on the beach enjoying the sun. When Mark calls Ashley and said “You need to get to the location I just sent you but come in a disguise.”

Ashley said “Mark I know what to do is Jake there?”

Mark said “yea” Mark put Jake on the phone and Jake said “Hey Ashley what’s up?”

Ashley said “I think im in danger.”

Jake said “Do you know why or who it is?”

Ashley said “They look like Mark Friend’s but I can’t tell right now.”

Jake said “If you find out call me not him you on your way here?”

Ashley said “Yea I’m on my way.”

Jack came down to grab his gun and take it to his office in case of emergency ambush. Jake hears the elevator running and Ashley is on top of the elevator cause little did Mark and Jake know he had an even lower part of the house Jack planned to kill everybody who crossed him including Ashley, Jake, and Mark was on the list.

Jack came down and said “We can cross off Ashley we gonna get Jake and Mark later actually just Jake cause my son got his friends to kill Ashley. Here they are now.”

Marks friends Ashley 10 times. Jake went back upstairs where Mark was and said “Mark what color casket you want?”

Mark said “Is that a threat? Do you wanna die today?”

Jake pulled out his gun and said “You even try something I’ll kill you, with one shot Ashley not be living but I’ll kill you for her and me.”

Mark said “I did it for a reason.”

Jake said “Just because you think that you wouldn’t be forgiven and Ashley would. You get your friends to kill your sister.”

Mark said “You think you know everything. I thought you would understand me but you don’t.”

Just before Jake shoots Mark, Vince and zendor come out of nowhere. Zendor eyes lit up and shot lighting towards Mark gun. The fire alarm went off Jack came up and said “what are you two doing shoot them you morons.”

Jake and Vince shot Mark and Jack in the leg. Vince said “Son I think it’s about time we go home and bury your mom and your friend.”

Jacks crew came down and Jack said “you three aren’t going anywhere.”

With all guns pointed at Jake, Zendor, and Vince. It seemed like all for them was lost then a miracle happened. The bomb alarm was set off and it didn’t work anymore Mark said “Ok but spare my son.”

Jake said “where is he?”

Mark said “He is in Connecticut at my house I’ll give you directions.”

Jake said “I’ll take care of him and tell him all good things about you I’ll also tell him how you traded on your sister.”

Jake shot Mark and Mark fell to the ground. Jake pulled his fire swords out and held it to Jack chest and said “Lets go down stairs and get my sister out and maybe I wont kill you just maybe now lets go.”

Jack Opended the cell and Jack pulled out his gun and shot Jake in the arm and tried running but Zendor set fire to the doors. Jack re-activated the bomb and launches it. Now with the bomb going to New York City and Jack about to take on Jake.

Jack said “Two Situations at once what yak gonna do?”

Zendor said “Me and Vince will go. Jake get him for us and your mom.”

The moment of truth has finally come Jake vs. Jack. Jake shot Jack in the leg 3 times to make sure he stays down Jack got back up and said “Jake you know one of is gonna walk out of this alive and its gonna be me.”

Jack shoots at Jake head but Jake dodged it and Jake pulled out a different sword it was a lightning sword. Jack said “Ok you must have every kind of sword.”

Jake said “Shut it Jack. For too long I have been tortured by you now your day has come.”

Jack said “What I don’t get no last words?”

Jake said “Make it quick!!!”

Jack said “Jake I known you since you were a little kid but I should let your father tell you what i am to you. lets call him.”

Jake calls Vince and says “Dad is there something you forgot about Jack.”

Vince said “Jack is your uncle.”

Jake said “Just great.”

Jake hands the phone to Jack. Mean while back in the air the bomb was 100ft away from The Statue Of Liberty. zendor said “Ok vince all you got to do is hop on the bomb, rip the door to the wires off and when we get close to the water. Kill the power by cutting the red,green,orange, and blue wires only.”

Vince hoped on the bomb and ripped the door off. They were close to the water he cut the wires but it was going to fast to hop off the bomb so he took a swim into the deep depths of the river. When vince came to the surface and said “I think I seen some sunken treasure.”

Zendor said “Your ride is right there when you decide to stop swimming and I adjusted your Jet Bike so it can have a built in seat warmer.”

Vince got on his Jet Bike and both of them went back on the path to connecticut and back at the lab Jake and Jack are busy staring each other down.

Jake said “I cant believe this.”

Jack said “Well it’s true so what ya gonna do?”

Jake said “Ok Dr. Frankenstein what did you put in that bomb?”

Jack said “Toxic waste and explosives.”

Jake called Vince and said “Dad that bomb isn’t under water is it?”

Vince said “Yea why?”

Jake said “It had toxic in.”

Vince hanged up and told Zendor they rushed back to New York City Zendor said “I’m  taking a swim this time.”

Vince said “Good as long as I aint got to swim with the sharks.”

Zendor said “Great I love a challenge now put on a nose plug cause when it come up toxic waste is gonna hit ya nose and mine ”

Zendor dives under water and grabs the bomb he comes out of the water and takes out the toxic and explosives and destroys all the toxic and explosives without getting hurt. Zendor bends the bomb to make shoes for The Statue Of Liberty.

Vince said “You should make a purse out of the shoes.”

So he makes a purse out of the shoes and put the purse on The Statue Of Liberty and they headed to the lab. Back at the lab Katira just killed the last of Jacks crew and went upstairs. Vince and Zendor got to the lab right on time. Jack said “I have an army on my side.” Jake said “Oh yea you and what army?”

Jack pushed the remote and 50 clones came down from the ceiling. Jake said “Oh that army. Anybody got any ideas on how to beat them? I suggest we should split up.” Vince said “Me and Katira take the right, Zendor take the left, and Jake that leaves you in the middle. Now lets go kick some butt and go to New York City to celebrate.

Jake pulls out his lightning swords again and stabs the clone in the chest and Zendor shoots the clones on the left. Vince and Katira both decimated the clones. Zendor finished off the rest of the left side. Jake stabbed the last clone and Jake told them to “get out” they all got out except for Vince. Jake said “Dad that mean you to dont worry I got this.” Vince took a shot at Jack and hit him in his foot and said “I love you son.” Jake said “I love you to dad.”

Vince walked out the room. Jack said “Any last words before you die.” Jake said ” Shut up Jack enough talking. Now its time to see who walks out alive.” Jake mixed up the swords and made a fire and lightning tornado and aimed towards Jack. It hit Jack but Jack down for long. So he thought about something else to do since the tornado didn’t work. Jake threw a smoke bomb and was secretly up in the rafters and hid there for a good minute till Jack found him with his heat vision goggles.

Jake said “Really are you kidding me right now?”

Jack said “All’s fair in love and war. You’re gonna die and this shall be your final resting place my dear nephew.”

Jake was running out of ideas so he grabbed his dagger and stabbed Jack in the leg. Finally Jack was down for the count. Jake towered over Jack and said “You’re wrong Jack this is your final resting place.” Jake picked Jack up and held the fire sword up to Jack neck and said “You are a beast but I will slay you.” Jack kicked Jake in his stomach grabbed the fire sword and said “You die now.”

Jack stabbed Jake in the chest and Jake’s last words were “Vengeance is sweet but not on the receiving end.  I will be back.” With all his might Jake shot Jack in the shoulder.

__END__

