Suspense Story – THE DREAM

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Getup! We need to start the trip within ten minutes.

“I knew that was mom. I got up like any other, boy of my age, sleepy and fussy. I was excited about the trip, but waking up at five in the morning isn’t just my thing. I looked at my cousins, all set for the trip. The second we started our drive, I fell asleep. Well when I woke up, I found myself alone in the car. I thought everyone had gone for snacks or something like that, and I waited up. But even after thirty minutes, there was no sign of anybody. It was dark already. And I was scared.  The place gave me shrills. It was foggy and dark, like the woods we see in horror films!

I started walking through the woods, hoping to find someone.  I walked for around forty minutes, and there was no sign of anybody. And that’s when I came across these two roads. I had no clue where they were leading to. But one of the road had a sideboard. It read “DeadLane”.  And I smiled. I knew my cousins were trying to mess with me. I took the DeadLane road; and I was full of excitement. I wanted to surprise them now. I found this old cottage at the end of the street.

I knew I had come to the right place. I moved slowly, not wanting to make any sound. I opened the door and screamed out so loud that I was terrified. I expected some reaction from someone in the room. But there wasn’t any reaction. I found the switches to the light. To my horror, the room was empty. Suddenly the lights went off. I had all these scary thoughts coming back.  And then the bulb started to flicker. That’s when I noticed something else, there was something else in the room with me. And it didn’t look pleased. It was coming towards me. I thought I was going to get a heart attack. And BOOM! The alarm rings.

“That was a dream?! Pretty weird dream. It almost killed me,” said Ron.

Well I heard lots of voices and screams. The house was pretty loud that day. We all had planned a trip. I was really excited, not only because we were going on a trip, but because the next day was my birthday. We sang and played games during the drive. I have no clue when I fell asleep, but when I woke up I found myself all alone in the car. I was startled. I had no clue why no one woke me up. I was so frustrated for being alone. I waited for some time, but no one showed up. I started walking, I had no clue where I was going.

After some time, I noticed something. It was dark and the place looked creepy. All these weird images came running into my mind. I had no clue what it was. As I kept going, I found myself in a very familiar place. I said to myself “Oh No. It can’t be”, but it was. I came across the two roads once again. But this time, I found the ‘DeadLane’ board pointing towards the road on the right. I was pretty sure that it was pointing towards the road on the left. I definitely knew my cousins had something to do with it. They expected me to go onto the left seeing the board. I took the road on the right. As I kept going, I came across an old cottage. “Have I been here before? Yes, the Dream,” I said.

I took my chance. I went inside and switched on the lights, but it was of no use. That’s when I noticed something in distant, coming towards me. It had red eyes, and wings or something. As the lights were out, I couldn’t tell for sure. I remember crying and trembling, crawling towards the door.

BOOM! I felt something on my back. I was scared to turn and look. And then something loud burst. I almost died. The lights were on. I thought I died and I was in heaven or something. I was shocked.

“SURPRISE” they screamed. It was my family. They shouted “Happy Birthday”, and that’s when I realized I wasn’t dead.  While everyone were hugging me and kissing me, all I said was ‘The Dream!’

__END__

