Suspense Love Short Story – The Beauty

Photo credit: 

 from 

They often say that the first impression is the last impression. His first impression of her would forever be engraved in his memory. The first time they met was at the coaching class. He enrolled in the class a week later than most of the students. As he didn’t know anyone, he went to the first bench and sat down. Suddenly she appeared in the room and sat right next to him and that’s when he got his first glimpse of her.

She had a tannish complexion with ebony black hair, a cute oval face and a smile so pure and deep that it would make someone’s day just seeing it. When she talked, the hearer could feel her soft, musical voice spread a warm glow through their entire body. With soft, enchanting features and a beautiful, lithe figure, she definitely got eyes turning wherever she went. But her most mesmerizing feature was her eyes – so innocent, so gentle, so inviting…

He was so engrossed drinking her beauty that for a moment he forgot anything else existed in the world at all. Suddenly, he heard a noise that broke him from his reverie and he saw that the lecturer had come at last and that the whole class was present.

When he reached home that evening, he was sure of one thing – that he wanted her to be his…forever and ever, even if that was the last thing that happened in his life. There was just one problem – he was in no way a Super Stud or Mr. Charming or even remotely someone that a girl might like. He had 18 years worth of life experience to prove that.

With a short height (yes, shorter than even her) and a frail body, he already didn’t carry much appeal. Add to that a limp in the left leg and you got yourself someone no girl could ever go out with. But what he lacked in looks, he more than made up for in his intelligence, his understanding of people’s minds and his ruthlessness. But his biggest asset was his perseverance. So he decided to at least have her as a friend and move on from there.

So the next day, he talked to her a little. As days went by, they became more comfortable around each other and even started exchanging messages. One day, on an impulse he asked her out on a movie. She understood where this was going and decided to cut the tree at its roots. She smiled that beautiful smile of hers and said that although he was a nice guy and all, but she couldn’t go out with him because she was with someone else. At that time, he just left her there and ran away, but later he called her and apologized for his behavior and told her that he hoped that they could still be friends. She agreed although there was definitely some distance between them now.

They finished the coaching and gave the engineering entrance exams. They went to different colleges and from there went on to different paths, though they always remained in contact. They passed out of their colleges at the same time and took jobs. After five years in their respective fields, she was a manager in a company while he, on the other hand, was the managing director of his company.

Suddenly one day, out of the blue, there was a call from her, telling him that she had found her Mr. Right and that they were soon going to get married. He congratulated her and wished her all the best for her life. She told him that he had to come in and help with the preparations. He reluctantly agreed. When he did come, he seemed sad and depressed all the day and looked even worse as the days went by. She even cornered him one day about it and he just shrugged it off as tiredness. At the day of the wedding, as soon as the groom came with the 

, there was police at the door saying that they had an anonymous tip that there was a dead body at the groom’s car and that they had to investigate. When they opened the trunk, there really was a dead body – that of the bride’s previous boyfriend. He seemed to have been killed by poison as there was still white foam on his mouth.

The scene was sealed off as a crime scene and the marriage had to be postponed. As the police investigated, they found that the dead person was in fact killed by the groom, who was known to publicly hate the girl’s previous engagement. He seemed to have used a Potassium Cyanide injection, which was found on his pocket by the police after another anonymous tip. So, the groom was arrested and thrown in jail and the whole marriage was called off. The girl was left in tears. At this time in her life, there was only one person who provided comfort to her. After a few weeks later, when she was normal again, he asked her hand in marriage and this time, she finally agreed.

As they were about to leave for honeymoon from his home, he checked his drawer for his Potassium Cyanide injections. He always kept one in his pockets, never knowing when he might need one of those. After all, he didn’t become the youngest MD of his company by just following the rules of the sheep.

__END__

