Suspense Short Story – Haunted House

Photo credit: 

 from 

23

 December 2014, the day everything changed.

I went from Broke to a Million-dollar guy. Today I have everything what I want.

I have started my own company which is working very well, my friends now help me in my work.

I have a lavish bungalow right front of sea and i enjoy cool breeze travelling from that sea to my house, everything is just perfect now.

We all face many difficulties in our life and we should always learn from that difficulties and become stronger than before. I didn’t even imagine a single bet could turn me into a million-dollar guy and all thanks to my friends who placed the bet and then we embarked on a journey and then we became owner of million dollars just in 3 nights.

Read this and you will know how it all happened and what the bet was?

 

17th November 2014

A not so normal day because I was with my crazy ass kicking squad and we were known for destroying and breaking bones of people who tried to interfere or confront in matter of any of our squad members.

“so hey chill pal what’s up today?”, Christian asked

“nothing dude just boring day”, I replied

“so hey why not play a game, a truth or dare game okay?”, hasan asked

“okay let’s play”, we all said

“first Christian you choose truth or dare”, I asked him

“I will go on with truth first”, he replied

“what’s your biggest fear?”, I asked him

“none”, he replied

“are you serious?”, we all asked him

“yes! I’m not afraid of anyone”, he said confidently.

“okay so let’s go and live in that haunted house for 3 nights and see are you afraid of anyone or not?”, hasan asked

“okay let’s go and yes if I win you will have to be my servant for 1 week okay?”, he said to me and hasan

“okay”, we both replied

“so meet me today at 12:00 am near the garden and then we all will go to that haunted house and live there for 3 nights and see who is scared of whom”, I said and left for home

“okay”, they both said and then went their way home.

At night we met and then we embarked towards haunted house.

“It was rumored that an old lady’s ghost becomes active after 12:00 am. she was killed by a murderer and then her house was robbed. so she always visits her house to see if that murderer returned or not”, I said to the and saw both of their legs were shaking out of fear

“so you both got scared from now ahaha”, I laughed on them

“No I’m not scared! It’s cold here so my legs were shaking hehe”, hasan replied

“yeah… yeah..  I’m… al…so… not scared…”, Christian replied slowly

I noticed he was scared after listening the story as his hands and legs were shaking because of fear. his eyes were wide open.

“FINALLY WE ARE HERE HAHA”, we all screamed

“COME ON LET’S SEE WHO’S THE STRONGEST IN OUR SQUAD”, we all screamed and entered the house

when we entered everything was normal, there were no noises or any sound of old lady or any door opening and closing sound, neither any sound of moving chairs or any scream of a girl asking for help.

 

2:30 am

Everything was going well and then suddenly I heard the cacophonous sound of colliding plastic, bending steel, and screeching tire and a horrible car crash. now i was scared too and then looked for my friends but they were disappeared out of nowhere. I looked everywhere but I couldn’t find them anywhere.

I saw a ghost like shadow and then I fainted at the place. when I woke up it was morning and then I looked again for them and I saw they were sleeping in a box.

“hey you both wake up and did you hear the same voices what I heard yesterday night?” I asked them and woked them up

“nah we were sleepy so we slept and don’t know about any noise”, hasan replied

“why are you lieing to him?”, Christian said and narrated the same things what I heard and then we all left for our home.

When we reached home our legs were shaking because we were scared but still we decided to see who is the strongest by again visiting the haunted house at 12 am. we reached and then parted our ways to our respective chosen rooms and then we sat there.

As I was leaning down I saw dark shadows lurking in the still air, along with a faint smell of death hanging in the chilling darkness of the night.

I even heard whispers of long-dead children echoed with the sound of footsteps that were coming from nowhere now the aura around me got darker and I was scared. I ran out in fear and saw hasan and Christian standing there

“hey listen something is going on here which shouldn’t happen”, hasan said to me and Christian

“yeah i saw a projector which was used to scare you Arjun and yesterday night the ghost you saw was hologram made by some people and they are doing illegal work here.”, Christian said to me

“what about the noises then?” I asked both of them

“the noises, they were created by the speakers they have setup here everywhere so that people doesn’t come here and they can carry out there work easily”, hasan replied

“okay so this is all the matter let’s play a game?”, i said to them

“which game?”, hasan and Christian asked

“simple game listen now we will leave this house and tomorrow morning we will return here and then I will tell you the game”, I replied and walked outside and went home with them.

soon it was morning and as decided we all met at that so called ” HAUNTED HOUSE”.

“so now we are here what’s the game?”, Christian and hasan asked me.

” so we will now go inside and i have this spy camera’s which i got from my uncle who makes this types of camera’s for security, so we will now install it where only we can see and the people inside won’t even know about the camera’s”, I said to the them and gave them the spy camera’s

” how to install them but?”, hasan asked me

” just keep it somewhere and click the button behind its back and it will start recording and we will see all that on our mobile devices easily”, i said to them and entered the house and started looking for good spot to install them

after some searching we found good spots and installed them easily and then came out of the house and waited it the sun sets and moon comes up.

” so now what? we installed the camera’s and we can see the house on our devices but nothing suspicious is happening there now?” Christian asked

“wait for night and then we will make a good move”, i said and went to home for some arrangement of catching those people red hand.

The sun went down and moon came up and we heard our mobile devices making some noises and then we saw some people entering the house wearing masks and carrying huge boxes.

I called Christian and hasan on the phone

” hey you both go and see what they are exactly doing but don’t get caught be smooth and sneak properly”

“okay bruh we will make move softly and they won’t even know we are spying on them but where are you and what are you doing?”, hasan and Christian asked me

“don’t worry i will be in 30 minutes, I’m helping mom now so can’t come now”, I said to them and then hanged up the call.

After 30 minutes I reached the haunted house and then screamed, “I saw a ghost!! a ghost spotted” and then Christian and hasan started screaming too. we even heard them getting scared and then they started searching the people who screamed. we ran and then we hide behind the wall and I played an audio which I recorded and then the people there got very scared and ran out of the house. when they ran out the cops caught them and they threw them into the van with handcuffs put on them.

“but how did the cops know about them and how did they reach here”, hasan asked me

“remember when I said I will come in 30 minutes because i was helping mom? I lied you I was actually here in police station showing them those videos we recorded by our spy camera’s and then we silently sneaked here and I entered the house and the rest all you know”, I replied them.

“wow bruh you are great”, both of them replied.

“hey you kid! we will get our revenge”, the drug pedlar screamed and then they were taken to police station

” thanks for your help and the proofs, he is the most wanted drug pedlar and his gang has a price of 1 million dollars and now you have caught them you will be awarded 1 million dollars by our government”, the cop thanked me and my friends and then we left for our home.

The next day there were news about how 3 kids caught the most wanted drug pedlar and then we even got a chance to meet our PRIME MINISTER and we received the prize money of 1 million dollars.

Now after 5 years whenever I think of that I’m proud of myself, my teachers, my parents who helped me fight fear and due to that I came up with a plan and caught those drug peddling gang.

–END–

