Suspense Short Story – Innocence is where?

Photo credit: 

 from 

A Grand Wedding Paradise is set at one of Forts of Udaipur called Rajbari. Although the place is baned under the Govt. of Rajasthan, still the bride’s father Dr. Kapoor is the best friend of current State Minister, which made it possible. But as per the rumors this Rajbari is dead haunted and the story is –

There was a king with two wives. One of the wife who loved him always got hatred from the king, and the one who was loving the kingdom, was loved by the king most. Deprived from her love, the former queen committed suicide one day, and since then the spirit is said to be alive on the top floor right corner room. This room is always being closed for the last 215 years. Although nobody has got eyewitnesses but it believed to be true. Even the local Mahajan’s family as well as the Minister believed the same. But all these things sound crap and only crap to Dr. Kapoor and he wanted his elder daughter Sapna to get married with JAY in this paradise only.

Dr. Kapoor to Minister (over phone) – “I never believe in this. Still for your safety and eyewitness, I all ask Naina to come and have a look of this place. If she agrees, then we’ll go ahead.”

Naina is younger daughter of Kapoor. Naina saw the world first after Sapna… Yes, both are twins, but they never look the same. Even their characters are also very opposite. Sapna is purely a family centric and driven girl, whereas Naina is always independent and go getter. Sapna completed her Education staying with her parents only. Naina was only 12 years when she was sent to United States of America. She completed her studies there only. Sapna always had many female companions, but Naina had been more comfortable with boyz. Sapna is sweet and polite but Naina is always hot. Even after so many differences, when Naina use to come for a vacation to India, she only participated with her elder sister Sapna.  Entire world knows that Sapna and Naina cannot live a moment without sharing anything.

 

AFTER ONE WEEK

Kapoor to Minister – “Wedding mahoorat is after 20 days. Yes! Yes! She has checked the whole fort.. thanks to your letter. She is a paranormal researcher and says this will be a perfect place…. Once again thank you so much…”

Minister to Kapoor – “We are child hood friends and you are thanking me….. Anytime for you, Anything my friend. By the way tell me about the Dulha, the groom” and their talks continue……

JAY, son of Thakur Dhramraj Singh, is Seargent by profession and after marriage planning to settle down at New Zealand. Surprisingly, his first internship happened under Kapoor only. So officially they were familiar to each other. Thakur Dharamraj is from Jaipur and knows no one here. So both the ladkawala and Ladkiwala decided to stay at the fort during the entire wedding season and wanted to have a King’s life feelings and ordered the crew to decorate and arrangements for accommodation.

The day of Engagement! Both the parties with close relatives were present. The entire Fort was decorated like real Prince’s Wedding. The Mandap is looking like a small temple of flowers, on the top of which is big Jharbati.

Pandit is ready and asking the bride and the groom to be there “Both Bride and the Groom are requested to come and take their seats here. A small Genesh Puja , and then we ll start the ring engagement programme. But I need all the palm with flowers at Puja time” Concentrating at the voice The Minister stared at the pandit.

Meanwhile both Dharamraj and Kapoor came and asked “Buddy! Where is your son? You told that Sam will also be here. And why you are looking at the the pandit”

Minister tapping his forhead “Oh God, why don’t you give him brain. Since 15 years he is practicing Panditgiri and quite successful. But never expected he will be there now. Several times told him to extend my political journey, but never listens.”

Sam is the only son of Minister. Masters in Sanskrit. He happy to be like he is and always down to earth and highly practical.

Naina took the hand of Sapna and brought her to the Mandap. Looking at that Sam spoke – “Who is the bride… or two brides, but how can one groom can get married to two brides.” Sam’s eyes felt on naina eyes which is red on fire.. Naina –“One Groom is coming and one’s groom will be spirit of yours. Idiot! Hurry! And stop looking at me.. I know I am beautiful… nothing official about to acknowledge… Hundreds of them are running after me,, who the hell you are Mr. Pandit… Do your work and vanish quickly…”

It seems that Naina and Sam started disliking each other without even knowing their introductions…  JAY also came  and both sat and the entire Engagement started.

The engagement programme is about to cease,  Sam was just peeping in the milk loaded thali where the ring is hidden and both of them supposed to find, and noticed that the Big Jharbati hanging above was falling from high above over them. Just before Sapna and Jay supposed to sit, he jumped on to them and hit them hard to fall at a distance, and the Jharbati went into pieces. Sapna broken into tears as such a mishap happened in such a special day of her life. The spark of the Jharbati catch the Mandap on fire and slowly it burnt and kept burning. The people nearby started canvassing it as an Abshagun, but Naina stepped forward and shouted that these things never exist, if it happened it was merely an accident and my sister or her fate is not responsible and she hugged Sapna and kept on shouting with the same words.

Sapna to Naina – “How can God do this to me. I worship him so much, so trust I have, what wrong did I do, I always being dream of making a good wife, a good mother and a good family woman. If God does not want this, and I also cannot move with Abshaguni tag on my head, I ll die”

Naina held her sister strong – “No Sapna, you have to be strong, you ll get married and with Jay only, and I promise no Supersitious bull sh*t world can stop you for that. If you really believe in God then leave things on him. Falling of the jharbati is just an accident.”

After that Jay came forward and picked up the ring from the broken mess and came closer to Sapna. Announcing in high pitch and blessings from God, he put the rings on Sapna’s fingers. Sam asked the crowd – “Why you people are statue, come forward and throw the flowers to Ganesha. The puja is successfully over much before the incident happened and please bless the young couple”.. He moved close to Naina and in a low tone – “Won’t you too feel to get engaged..”

Naina to Sam – “If you are trying to flirt with me…. Then its OK. Thanks for this making this entire Puja programme a success one.”

All the guest left including Sam. Now Dharamraj, Kapoor, Sapna, Jay, Naina, Palker Babu, the security manager of the Fort stayed back and all seemed to get engaged in next day’s programme. Sapna asked naina –“Naina, I am sleepy, are you accompanying me?”

Naina noded her head and both moved to their rooms gossiping and laughing. Naina asked Sapna to wait at her room, she would be back from washroom asap. Sapna sitting on the Chair of the wardrobe, putting anfg hooking off the ornaments looking at her face on the mirror thinking something, all of a sudden an impact she felt above on the roof. She came out to the corridor which was big and lawn lengthy at fort. She asked and looked out for Naina at the washroom, which was again at the extreme corner of the fort. But no one was there. In a low tone she could hear a soft Rajasthani folk song being sang by a lady singer, coming from the top floor. She got terrrifed and afraid,  worried and hungrily looking for Naina. She rushed towards her bedroom and in the middle she met Naina, who also looking for Sapna as she did not see Sapna in the room.

Sapna in  terrified voice – “Naina! Naina.. this place is haunted. I heard somebody singing a song ina broken voice.. I am so frightened.”

Naina – “Dear sister, listen to me. There is no such thing.. its your internal fear… Why the hell someone needs to do that. And remember, no ghost  and stupid stuff exist. If it really does, I ll get that feel first. I am here na… so don’t worry and relax… Chill Sapna”

The next day a grand Antakshari Programme had been arranged where all the family needs to participate, especially Sapna and Jay. It started when Naina prepared the favorite halwa for Jay. Sam came since the morning and started helping ladies for marriage rituals and norms, meanwhile continuously teasing Naina with various Flirts and jokes. In return Sapna also teased Jay and Jay meanwhile tried to tease Sapna and danced with Naina to make Sapna jealous. And the entire scene turned along with a Grand Antakshari function. Sam is always very focused and mind readers. He watched one thing very rigidly during this entire Antakshari Act. He noticed Naina to be very uncomfortable and shy with Jay in a song sequence as if she is the actual bride but again it is a proverb that ‘Saali to aadhi gharwali hoti hai’. This part continued with grace.

Sameday evening, once moving along the corridor Jay was faced by Sapna, and nobody was around. They shared few talks and both of them equally shy and respectful towards each other. They conversated few romantic lines as if how they are, if they like each other- how much, Sapna told how her dad, Kapoor is confident about his son in law, also mentioned how you are focused at your assignment in your training time. Jay shared that Sapna is more beautiful than even he thought. Their romantic atmosphere was well broke by Sam as he uttered  – “Everything you wanna finish here or wanna keep something for Honeymoon, Moreover if anybody sees them alone, that also before marriage mangalsutradan, the elders will get annoyed, and it will go against rituals, so later on after two days they are free to finish continue their love talks.. A aa Sapna.. where is your sister… ”

Sapna – “Why?”

Sam – “You both sisters … asks too many Ys..”

At evening Sapna received an sms from Jay –“Sapna! Hi. After a tough time I have got yr number, can you meet me at top floor tonite after all had gone for sleep, plz be confidential, I think I am crazy about you, and same going on with you too.”

Sapna smiled and started dreaming about their upcoming nice pleasant family with lots of love and care. All of a sudden Sapna woke up from sleep and it was around 12.50. She saw her sister was at deep asleep completely wrapped up under blanket. She called in a low tone – “Naina!” But no reply. She did not disturbed. Stood up in front of the mirror, looked at herself, her pallu was half over the neckline.. a voice of Jay spoke out  “You are really queen and beautiful eyes, your innocent eyes tell me why this world is so pleasant” Quickly she got shy and found that it was illusion and realized she was so involved in his love that Jay is visible everywhere. She smilingly headed towards the top floor, silently without alerting anyone.

She reached the location and started fetching Jay. Ina very low tone, she called Jay! Jay!, where are you? See I am here. Please do not play hide and seek. After wandering a lot, she lost her way to the staircase from where she came. She quickly dialed Jay’s number over mobile, but it was switched off. Her heartbeat increased. She again called Jay! Jay!. She was bare footed and could only get the moving sound of her payel. She could feel a beautiful smell of flowers everywhere, and even her feet can feel the soft flowers on her way.. which is headed towards a closed room. Already she started sweating. As soon as she reached the gate. The Rajasthani Folk song again. Someone singing the song with pain her voice, pouring wine in the glass and drinking and again singing the painful song that describes her love. The door is locked from outside. She got frightened. Her eyes turned big. She wanted to scream, but her voice choked. Tears drew down her eyes and nose. She started coughing at the voice of the Ghost. She turned back and wanted to run, but it feels like not even able to step forward. She crying and ran with whatever speed she could, slipped in the staircase and rolled down along the stairs and hit a Metal Vase pot which fell on the ground with noise and the silence was broken by the sound. Within few seconds all the lights of the Fort turned on.

Naina quickly rushed to her sister in the same floor. Jay rushed from the ground floor. All the members hurried, Dr. Kapoor immediately checked the physical condition. But by now, Sapna has lost her conscious. As the next day is wedding day, Sam took a shelter in guest room too. He also reached. Everybody was worried if this is an intentional attack, or why she has fallen from staircase. And why at midnight when the washroom is on the same floor. Everybody was confused and making the cause, but only Sam noticed that her feet. Payel , but pieces of Rajnigandha flower along with her payel.

Sam felt doubt, he wanted to clear certain things. He went to Naina. Initially, Sam felt very bad and could not make out how to ask Naina about the night happenings, when Naina is already with tears. He asked – “Naina! Exactly what happened? You were with her. You must be knowing.. is it an accident? But how she fall down from the floor?”

Naina with tears in her eyes to Sam – “I do not know. When I went to bed she was already asleep with a smile on her face. She was so happy. My sister – she deserve to be happy.  Other days for even a small small things she used to ask me, even day before yesterday, she called me at night for the washroom. If anything happens to Sapna, I ll leave no one.” During all these discussions, Sam could smell the Rajnigandha flower. It was morning 5 by now.

Somebody called – “Sapna madam is gaining conscious. ”

Naina in tears rushed towards  her sister. As soon as Naina left Sam once again started missing the smell of Rajnigandha. Sam asked to himself “I know the flowers, I am a pandit. Naina was smelling like Rajnigandha when no flower in connected to her. On the other hand Sapna’s payels are covered with flowers.It may remain unnoticed to others, but I shall reach the climax soon. I ll make this wedding a definite happening. Now whatever has to be done, I shall do it in my way”

On gaining conscious, Sapna hugged Naina and shouted – “Sister! Sister ! Help me! This place is haunted. I have seen ghost yesterday.” All the people are shocked to hear this. The local servants and relatives started canvassing about the spirit existing on the top floor and it had caught Sapna.

Naina shouted “My sister is alright. She is not caught by Spirits.”

Naina looked into the innocent eyes of her sister – “You people talk about ghost. Even if I agree, still why my Sister? What she has done… I only know one thing – Spirits are never followed by their shadows. My sister is not a Spirit, she has her shadow. I will be her shadow. If any body has to say anything tell me, not my sister.”

That day evening around 4 pm, Jay was talking to his Dad, regarding his opinion about Sapna. Is he ok with the life he has chosen to enter. Dharamraj to Jay – “ Son, if at any point you think that Sapna is not upto your mark, then do not hesitate. We can change our minds. But whatever you decide decide before marriage. ”

On asking about this statement Dharamraj answers – “I am not much confident about Sapna’s nature. Although she belongs to rich and caste similar to us, and even their status in the society is remarkable, still the girl is very much shaky. She is low at confidence and impractical”

Jay decided to speak to Sapna and they had a small chat. Sapna mentioned each and everything and wanted to ask him why did he do this to her. Inspite of knowing that she is afraid of all such things, still he called her up to meet at midnight and harassed her. But Sapna did not blame Jay for the things what she saw. “Atleast your joke helped me to find that this fort top floor really under control of evil spirit of the queen. Initially I never believed, but I know it is there.”

But Jay was surprised as there was no message being sent from his mobile. Even he wanted to check Sapna mobile, but yesterday night it had fallen somewhere. Behind the curtain Sam was the listening to the same. He rushed quickly to the top floor and started searching. He looked everywhere and finally got the cell phone in her room. He checked the phone but the outbox after 10 o clock is empty. He quickly checked his own cell phone and smiled to himself.

Again the night came. All the people went to bed early becoz next day is the wedding date. Naina had gone out for a work and she would be in station not before next day morning. Sapna was sleeping. The medicines are really working to make him sleep. But sharp at 1 o clock she woke up with the song coming from that top floor room. This time she took a stick and a mobile phone putting on the camera. She wanted to tell people that she is not mental patient. Her hands were shivering. Her lips were dry and moisture dripping from the forehead. She looked worried and at the same time frightened.  She slowly reached the staircase. She was about to step forward, but mouth was blocked by Sam’s palm.

Sam to Sapna – “You are not alone. I too can hear that beautiful lady singing. Be patience and silece, low on your feet and find out who is out guest singer?”

They reached the door, with pin drop silence. Sam again held her mouth with his palm. She was about to cry again, but Sam got the hold of the situation. Through body language, sam wanted to express Sapna to stand over his shoulder and peek into the ventilator window to find out who is there. Sam asked Sapna to put her dupatta in her mouth, and took the stick from her hand. She could see a shadow of a lady singing. She was reminded of the statement of Naina – “I only know one thing – Spirits are never followed by their shadows”. She got confused and again faint down.

When Sapna opened her eyes, she found herself on bed. It is morning 8 and people are busy with Wedding arrangements.

Sam spoke to Ramu Kaka, the faithful servant about lifestyle of Sapna and Naina in details and told that he wanted to know how much love there is between them and accordingly a surprise he has to plan for Sapna.

Silently Sam spoke to Sapna and asked her help. He also told something about Naina. At this Sapna shouted on  Sam like hell “How can you even think like this about my Sister.” But Sam ignored and continued what he wanted to say. After a while Sapna nodded – “I can do anything for them and even ready to die for.”

Sam told the entire  happenings of Sapna in details to Jay and also mentioned that she is mentally fit. Jay told Sam that he loves Sapna and Ok with any situations. Sam with a small conversation with Dharamraj and his Minister Dad, arranged a complete security measures and 6 Guards are called in Wedding Uniform so that no one can find out.

At evening when all things from Mandap to Lights, Sound and Baja  – all set.  Naina was still to do her dressings and makeup, asked the working members about Sapna and who is dressing her. They replied Sapna madam is doing all by herself and she is changing at the top floor left room. The left room is the room. Pandit Sam asked Naina “Bring your Sister from the top floor left room, she is queen of the day and shall be married.. Mahurat is running out. After this wedding I ll do special Puja of that Evil Room too… And make it count that the so called Evil Queen Spirit leaves this place.”

Sam continued – “Naina ! you would bring your sister to the Mandap, both of you should be equally dressed up like Queens and at the Mandap hand over Sapna to Jay. Anyways Jay is no less than a king. And while doing that please read this lines.. .(Dear King, with the graceful atmosphere, keeping this universe and god the only witness, I would like to hand over my king to his new beloved life and love…. Long live the king and Queen).. Make it a raja maharaja style…. “

Naina’s eyes gone red. She not even uttered a single word. She left the place within a glance.

Sapna now left the room with long wardrobe worn of silk. She is smiling but her eyes are glistened. She wanted to be the happiest woman on earth, but someone is stepping her back. On one side it was Kapoor, and on the other side the other ladies of the family. In between she was joined by Naina, dressed up like a Queen too. Everybody surprised, many even got confused both the sisters are getting married or what? Naina smiled but there was a sense of evilness. She took the hand of her sister and headed towards the mandap. Both of them could see Jay waiting there like a King with a sword fixed on the waist.  They reached.

Sapna started her part – “Today I would be added to this new family. I am Rajkumari Dhara, fallen in love with the King of Udaipur, Raja Samserh Singh. I know that King is well settled with the Existing Queen Rani Palkiwati, but still I would like to raise my hand towards….”

THE LIGHT WENT OFF.

Sapna continued in a semi dark environment.. “I expect present Queen Palkiwati to extend this journey and make me complete..”

SAM POUR MORE GHEE ON THE YAGYAKUND AND CERTAIN AREA IS LIGHTENED UP AT LEAST TO SEE EACH OTHER.

Naina in a broken tone “Dear King, with the graceful atmosphere, keeping this universe and god the only witness, I would like to hand over my king to….to ”

THE RAJASTHANI FOLK SONG IS LIVE AND COMIMG CLOSE FROM THE MANDAP.

Naina;s voice changed “I would never like to hand over the King” Her eyes were red on fire.”I have nothing left to loose….. All the King I have…… So what if he does not care to accept me as his Queen, I shall never allow anyone close to her, not even you…”

SHE GRABBED HER THROAT. The Light suddenly powered on. Naina’s messy makeup  made Sapna’s eyes with tears. She started coughing…

Sapna told in a low tone “OK Naina, I shall not marry him. I love  him, still I ll never regret for loosing Jay, but I cannot loose you my sister.”

At this Naina’s sense suddenly broke the silence to normal – “What did I say?”

She found her hand holding Sapna’s Neck, she released quickly. “What am I Doing? Didi, I am Sorry. I did not know anything…” And she faint down.

When Naina woke up, she found her Dad and sister beside her. Her eyes moved further and found Sam with a diary in his hand.  Sam to others – “Naina! Sorry! I should not have taken your Diary. Do not worry. Nobody knows about the content”

Naina – “How did you get this?”

Sam – “Firstly, it felt very questioning that why you felt so much drawn against your sister. In the Antakshari the bad girl within you tried to get close to Jay, Jay the King”

“Secondly, I am a Pandit, I know how different flowers smell at different seasons. Sapna fell down from stairs, people noticed her head with blood, nobody noticed her feet with flower, typical Rajnigandha flower, which the Queen was fond of. Again the same smell I got from your body when we were talking, from your body, the Queen’s Body”

Sam – “Naina use to know Jay since a long time through Facebook. But Naina never revealed her true identity. That it why Naina was so confident that he loves Halwa. Yes it was one sided infaturation which went aggressive when she heard abou the weddings between Sapna and Jay.”

Sapna –“Then how the phone sms came to me.”

Sam –“It was all set. Both Jay and Naina use the same handset, which Jay never noticed but she did. And this is Jay’s habit to keep his cell phone scattered her and there. Without alerting anybody, she took his phone , sent her the message and switched it off. When Sapna reached the top floor at night she missed the phone there, which was picked up by Naina, she deleted the message” “I would not have got that too, that nite by mistake instead of replying she forwarded the message to me with OK JAY I SHALL BE THERE which is still in my Inbox”

Dr. Kapoor – “How can be Naina so fast and quick between floors of such a big fort. And how she can be inside the room”

Sam – “Sir! Naina never needed to unlock the Top floor room gate. From the Manager I heard that Naina had been to this place one week prior to this entire programme. But just to see whether it is haunted or not she had taken two complete days. She stayed in this for for one complete night which was communicated to me by the Chowkidar. Being a paranormal researcher she confirmed that this place is the best way to break this wedding. She planned her entire activities and got familiar with the shortcuts from top room to the ground floor. Is mahal ki kaun kaun si bhool bhoolaiya hai, yeh to aapki beti ko hi pata hai. ”

Sapna hugged her sister– “But my sister can never be negative about me”

Sam – “Yes! Indeed she was. Since childhood you always stayed with your parents, but as Naina was very naughty since kid, Mr. Kapoor sent her to abroad for higher studies. In Initial days she cried and wanted to come back, but Kapoor never allowed.”

“Ofcourse for a Dad, it was to give her a daughter a better future, but that simple love from a dad appeared as Negligence to a daughter. Even Her dad use to give her Chocolates to Sapna, ”

Mr. Kapoor – “Yes I did, our family physician recommended that for Naina’s better health”

Sam – “Finally I got a reference from Naina’s Diary about a novel and only novel that Naina use to read for her entire life… This is that one… a story which deprives a girl to get into bonding with her partner becoz they do not know each other by faces. And when through facebook Naina came across Jay, she fallen in liking for him.”

NAINA APPOLOZISED TO SAPNA –“I am sorry and please do notforgive me…” Sapna hugged Naina and both met with Tears.

Sapna got married to Jay and they left for abroad after two days. Kapoor left for Mumbai. Naina left for U.S. The Rajbari Fort Once again became the dark place.

 

It was raining heavily. Rajbari Fort is dark except the top room. Still a lady is singing the song. It is clear and heard good. A motorbike stopped near the back gate. Sam got a doubt, he entered in silently, reached the top floor, the room was unlocked. He peeped in with a torch…. Naina was standing…

Naina “Why you are here ? Why you are back. Leave me alone.”

Sam – “This King returned only for the Queen Palkiwati. And from today this room shall be open always……I know there is always a good heart you possess”,

Naina’S Eyes glistened. Tears flow down her eyes.

THEY HUGGED EACH OTHER.

__END__

