:

Jeet, Logu, Mill, Rav, Ranchid and Smith

 

:

Jeet is from a middle class family. He is aloof and doesn’t have a family. He searches for many kind of jobs but everything in vain. He was out of money and could not pay the rent for his house. He was asked to move out with his belongings. He finally landed up in his friend Mill’s residential apartment.

He was very depressed. At that time, he received a phone call from Mill. Mill wanted to help Jeet financially. He decided to assign him a job in one of his companies in Philippines. Also, he wanted to settle all his debts and clear him out of his troubled life. But, Jeet rejects his proposal.

One fine day, Jeet comes across Logu. He too resides in the same apartment. Jeet explains his situation to Logu and pleaded him for a job. Logu was ready to assign him the job immediately. He tells Jeet that he would explain everything about the job details and his payment at that night 10 p.m.

But Logu is not a normal person like others. He is a cunning criminal and he is said to have contact with all international criminals. So, Jeet is trapped in their plan. Jeet arrives to the terrace of their apartment at night 10 p.m. Logu orders him to join hands with him in all his criminal activities and promises him to pay more. Jeet has no other go than to accept his proposal. His condition was very worst and he was in a depressed state too. He accepts to join Logu.

Logu orders him to plant a bomb in the capital place of the city. Jeet agreed to do it. Then, there is a phone conversation between Logu and Rav. Rav is an international criminal in NYPD’s wanted list. He is the underworld don of Philippines. Logu is none other than Rav’s right hand. Logu tells Rav that how he found a new person for completing their assignments starting with the bomb blast at the capital place. Jeet plants the bomb in the capital place at 12 p.m.

After the bomb blast, they created a  fake police report as if Jeet had died. Jeet successfully finishes his job. He receives payment from Logu. Suddenly , Rav arrives to Chennai from Philippines. He tells Logu that he got stuck up in a murder case of an Interpol officer. He also told him that NYPD assigned a new policeman to catch Rav and hang him to death. Frightened by the current situation and before the situation gets worse, Rav elopes from Phillippines to Chennai.

After that, they carried out their assignments in Chennai for few days. One day Rav receives a phone call from one of his men from Philippines. It was to alert Rav that the new Interpol officer who was assigned the task, had arrived to Chennai.NYPD’s new Interpol officer Ranchid arrives to Chennai in order to capture Rav. Rav apart from an international criminal, is also a technological geek. He creates an untraceable SIM and calls Ranchid. He threatens  Ranchid to leave away from Chennai because catching him would land up in lot of troubles .Rav’s Attempt to threaten Ranchid was in vain.

After the call, Ranchid was luckily able to trace it and immediately located it using his Interpol tracking software. Knowing this, Rav was shell shocked. He was astonished for a moment that how could he trace his untracable technology. Then, Rav, Logu and Jeet planned to delete all the details and destruct the entire place and leave from there. In a hurry, they forgot to take away Rav’s phone which consisted of all his criminal activities committed in Philippines and the video footage of his last murder of an Interpol officer. In such a tensed situation, Rav orders Jeet to get that phone from that place. Jeet finds that phone and was ready to leave from that place.

Unfortunately, he was sighted by Ranchid. Jeet was captured by him. He was interrogated and treated harshly by Ranchid. Jeet became scared by his treatment and disclosed all the information about Rav and Logu. It took too long and Jeet didn’t return back. Rav’s fear became worse. He received a call from his partner Smith instructing him to deliver his goods in time else he would be caught by the Interpol. Rav was helpless at that situation. He delivered the goods through Logu. Logu couldn’t make it till the airport.

In the mid way, He was captured by Ranchid and was shot on the spot. Rav decided to escape to some other country. He was on his way to the airport. Ranchid was assigned for duty in the international terminal. He sighted Rav at the check in. He chased him to a place. There arouse a very big fight between them and finally Ranchid killed Rav by twisting his neck. Rav and Logu was killed and there was no evidence to prove them guilty. Also the phone which contained all of Rav’s details was missing. Jeet was found nowhere after escaping from the clutch of  Ranchid. So, the case was closed in NYPD.

__END__

