It was an empty road, surrounded with forest and no one is roaming there. There was a bike coming from a distance. The man (M) driving the bike is looking like an office employee. He wore a formal dress with a bag. He was going to home for spending time with his family. He was going through a different route from the forest area which is free from traffic. It’s going to get evening. The sky is getting dark. Suddenly the bike stops. He tried to start it again and again but he failed. The bike did not start again. He got down off the bike and started walking taking the bike with him. Walking for about an hour he found a big Villa with large gates and no one living in surroundings. He was about to enter into the villa, an old person is passing through the way. He asked to the old man that is anyone living here? But the old man didn’t answer to his question; instead the old man sees his face, smiles a bit and went away.

He went near to the villa gates and opened it. The gates are opened. He walks inside slowly. That villa is surrounded by large trees. Dried leaves were felt on the land through the way he is walking. He reaches to the main door of the villa. He knocks on the door. But no one opened the door. He knocks it again. This time also no one opens the door. He knocks the door again but the door slightly opened by itself. He pushed the door. The door opened fully. Everything is dark inside. Nothing is visible clearly to him. He slowly steps inside the villa. He takes out his mobile phone for light. Suddenly the door closes. He walks inside. Everything is dark. While walking inside his feet got a touch with a torch felt on the floor. He picks it. He realizes that he has to inform that he is not able to come to home that day. He tries to call his family members but the signals failed to respond. Suddenly the phone switched off.

Using the torch he searches for switch board. Searching for a while he finally found the board and switch on the lights. He looks the villa and got shocked. It was a big villa with stairs inside. He finds a big dining table on one side and large corridor with some rooms on other side. There is a small stool on which a telephone is placed. He moves towards the telephone and tries to call but the signal lines were disconnected. He roams in the house. He walks through the corridor. He felt hungry and finds for kitchen to cook something. But then he takes out the food from his bag that he bought before he started his journey. He takes it out and eats the food. Then he is finding place to sleep for that night. He searches for a room to sleep. He finally finds a room. There was a bed in that room. He goes into the room and looks how the room is? He finds it comfortable. Then he comes out of the room and goes to the hall to take his bag. He takes his bag and again goes to the room and put the bag on the bed. He comes out and locks the door.

He turns back and was about to go back to his room. But he hears some sound from upstairs and the sound stopped immediately. He looks up but no one is visible there. He slowly steps towards the stairs. He thinks that it is only the sound of window. He turns back and is going back to his room. Suddenly someone passes by his back. He turns back instantly. But no one is there. He thought that he is just imagining that there is someone roaming here because he is too tired of travelling. So he thought of sleeping. He went to his room and lied on the bed but he is not able to sleep. So he took out his laptop to complete his office work. He takes out his laptop and put it on the bed. The laptop is closed now. He goes into the washroom to have face wash so that he can do his work properly. He had his face wash and comes out and sees that the laptop is opened and is switched on.

He felt shocked that who opened his laptop? He looked around that is there someone or not. But he didn’t find anyone there. He is not able to understand what is happening there. He lay on the bed and starts his work. Everything is silent. Suddenly a shouting sound comes from outside of his room. He got afraid and closed his laptop and comes out of the room. He searches the corridor but no one is there. So he is going back to his room. On the way he again hears the same voice that someone is shouting aloud. He goes upstairs and searches for the place from where the voice is coming. He reaches up. He was slightly scared. He walks slowly in the corridor. There were four rooms upstairs. He opens the first room it was dark. He searches the whole room. No one was there. He comes out of the room and closes the door. Then he slowly steps towards the second room. He holds the door lock, turns it and opens it slowly. The door opens. Everything was dark. Nothing was visible to him. He thought that no one is here and so he comes out and closes the door.

He didn’t able to understand what’s happening there. He was tensed so much. After that he saw someone running very fast downstairs. He hurriedly ran down and searched who was running. He searched the whole corridor but no one was there. He searched the rooms but no one was there. Again he heard the same shouting voice. He arrives in the hall to see who that is. Again he sees someone is running shouting for help. He sees that the running person is a lady. She is running such that someone is chasing her and trying to kill her. He too ran for that lady but she was not visible anywhere. He reached upstairs. He was looking here and there for the lady. But finally he saw one of the rooms kept opened slightly. He slowly stepped towards the room. He arrived in front of the room and stood and was watching the door. He slowly lifted up his hand up to the lock handle of the door.

He opened the door lock slowly and pushed the door slightly. The room was dark. He opened the door fully. He slowly stepped inside the room. The room was cool. He switched on the switches but none of the lights were glowing. At last a small bulb glowed. In that lightning some of the things were visible to him. There was a bed with a large sized mesh covered on it. He saw someone’s shadow sitting on the bed crying. He steps inside the room and kept the door open. He slowly steps inside. The door is still open. He goes inside the room. He goes near to the bed. He lift his hand to move the mesh aside to see who is there, who is the lady? He moves the mesh aside very fast but the shadow disappears. He is totally confused. He is not able to understand what’s happening there. For a few minutes he remained there in the room, and the situation is settled properly. He comes out of the room, locks the door and goes to his room and slept on his bed.

The next day of the morning he wakes up, closes his laptop. He sees side by his bed, a cup of coffee is kept on the table. He gets ready had his bath and goes to the kitchen to prepare his food but the food is already kept on the dining table. He gets shocked, and didn’t understand who did this. He was thinking of the incidents happened last night. He comes out of the house and stands in front of the house to have overall view of the villa. He had a round around the villa. He watches all around the house what is there. He looks up everything that is present in the surroundings of the villa. But nothing seems to be suspicious. He then thought to have a look inside also. So he goes inside the house and starts his inspection. He searches all the rooms of the downstairs. Then he goes upstairs to have a search in the rooms. He searches all the rooms but he didn’t find anything. He again searches the same rooms and finally he reaches to a room which is larger than the remaining rooms. He goes inside the room. There is large collection of books like novels, journals, scripts, and diaries. He comes inside the room and checks the room whether he finds any suspicious thing or not. But he failed to find it. So he thought to have a one more night in the villa to observe what’s happening there.

Slowly the sun disappeared and the moon comes out. The stars were shining. The trees were breezing slightly. There is a silence everywhere. He comes out of the house and waits outside so that he can see what’s happening here inside. He switched off all the lights and locked the main door of the house. He is waiting outside to see what is happening inside. Suddenly, in one of the rooms light gets switched on. He sees a shadow running there. Suddenly that shadow started shouting. He runs to the door of the house and tries to open it but the door is locked from inside. He tries to open it but he is not able to open it. Suddenly the sounds stopped. The door opened automatically. He goes inside slowly. The house is fully dark. All the lights are switched off. He goes inside and switch on the lights. He goes upstairs and sees the room where he saw the shadow. The room is none other than the room where there were books. He inspects the whole room carefully. He found a thing which made him suspicious, which made him feel alone, which made him face problems, which made him fight with his own life, which made him loose belief on himself. “What is it??”

He found a book. This is not an ordinary book. This book changes the lifestyle and mindset of the person whoever reads it. It makes the person loose hopes on his life. It is a very dangerous book. He opens the first page of the book. Suddenly he hears some voice crying. He gets disturbed. He goes to the room upstairs. He goes inside the room. Someone sitting on the bed and is crying. He observes the shadow of that person from the mosquito mesh. He goes near to the mesh to open it and see who it is. He lifted his hand and tried to open it, but suddenly the calling bell of the house rings. He turns back and comes to the door of the room and turns back again to see that shadow but it disappears.

The bell rings again. He comes out of the room, locks the door and go down to the main door of the house. He opens the door but no one was there. He comes inside and closes the door. The bell rings again. He again opens the door. But no one is appearing there. He again comes back and closes the door. The bell rings again. Immediately he opens the door. Some of the youth college students (five: three boys and two girls) came there and were asking for shelter for two days. He allows them to come inside and asks the reason of their stay there. They answer that they were going to picnic party for enjoying holidays of their college. During their travel their vehicle punctured. They didn’t find any garage nearby. And finally they found this house. So they came there to spend one night. He allows them to stay there. They find their rooms and gets fresh up. Everyone comes to the dining hall to have their dinner. They come to the dining table one by one. Two girls didn’t come yet. The other three boys calls them to come fast to have the dinner as they were feeling hungry. But none of the two girls were answering. Then one of them answers that they are coming. Girl (G1) is getting ready in her room. The door of the room is kept closed. While she was getting ready she hears a sound that someone is opening the door. When she turns back no one is there. She closes the door. Then the second time girl (G2) opens the door and says her to come fast for dinner because all others are waiting for them.

He (M) was in his room and the students were out in the dining hall. He was about to open that book but suddenly one of the boys (B1) who is very polite in talking with others knocks the door and asks him to come for the dinner. He says that he is not feeling hungry instead he says the boy to have their dinner. But the boy tries to convince him to come and have dinner with them. The man (M) approves for his request and drops the book on his bed and locks the door and comes out with the boy. All the students were waiting there and he also comes and joins them. They started their dinner and were talking their general topics. But (M) had a slight fear that what to do if that sound comes again? How to manage these students? They completed their dinner and had a plan to watch a horror movie. They brought a home theatre and a DVD-player. There was a LCD in the hall. They made all the connections and put the DVD in the player. The movie starts.

Everyone is watching the film. All of them were concentrated in the film except (M).Suddenly the power of the house switched off. All the house appliances were switched off. Everything is dark around them. One of them took out his phone and switched on the torch in his phone. Outside there is full of moonlight. The phone switched off due to low battery. There is no torch in the house. The torch which the person (M) found in the house has become dead. The other members were in search of candles and other light sources. The person (M) realized that the book which he found is left inside the room. He is about to go to his room but suddenly he hears some sound that someone is shouting aloud. It is the voice of a girl. He thought that the same situation is repeating again but the others think that their friend is in some difficulty and all of them were searching for that girl.

He (M) goes to that room but this time no shadow is visible there. He hears the sound again. He is confirmed that the girl shouted. He followed the others and is searching for the girl. All of them were searching all over the house. Simultaneously they heard a male voice. That voice is of their friend. The remaining persons were searching. At an instant of time all of them meet in the house to see who is there and who is not. All of them met. Girl (G2) and Boy (B3) were missing. The remaining four people were searching for those two of them. The person (M) went to his room to take the book but it is not there in the room. He searches for that book the whole room. Meanwhile he feels that someone is observing him from his back. He turned back and sees that it is the boy (B3) is standing at the door watching at him. He asks him that where he was? All others are searching for him. But the boy didn’t talk anything and is just standing. M observes his eyes turned red and changing from red to white. He scared and is trying to run out but B3 pushed him hard. M felt away and stood up and again tried to run away from the room but he is not able to escape from there. He kicks the boy hard and came out of the room but suddenly the girl G2 is also standing there and kicked him. Suddenly they both disappeared, he is searching for them. Again a male voice comes. All again meet at the same place but M took them outside the house. No one was able to go back into the house.

They waited outside for much time. Suddenly everything became silent. There was no sound at all. It seems to be very dangerous and silent. The girls were panic about the situation. There were no expectations to anyone what’s going to happen. All at once gathered together and started moving towards the house very slowly. The person (M) along with the boys is in front and the girls were just following them. They reached near to the door of the house and (M) raised his hand to open the door but the door opened automatically. All entered into the house slowly. After they came inside, the door closed. Everyone were scared and don’t know what to do. They started walking inside the house to search for any clues to leave the house. But suddenly a hand comes from the floor and holds the leg of the boy (B2). The girl shouted aloud. Everyone was scared with the situation. No one was able to save the boy. The remaining three persons (the person M, boy B1 and the girl G1) ran away to upstairs to find a way out. Finally they reached to a store room where there were many things locked and there was a big dressing table with a large sized mirror attached with it. (M) is finding for the clue. The boy (B1) found a window but it was not opening. Both the boy and the girl were trying hard to open the window the window is not even getting broken. While (M) was searching for the clue he found the book. He opened the book but most of the pages were torn off. Suddenly the door of the room broke out but no one is visible at the entrance. But the boy had a doubt and looked into the mirror. A white shadow like structure was standing behind him but he was not clear about that. Suddenly a dangerous black shadow comes in front of him beats him. The person (M) and the girl both scared of the creature.

Suddenly the creature comes to the person and beats him because the ghost needs the person to leave the book. The boy was injured hard and falls on the dressing table. The ghost beats (M) and throws him onto the boy. The boy hits the mirror and the mirror got a small breakage. The ghost got disturbed and was shouting aloud. The ghost takes (M) and throws him to other direction. The ghost is hurting the girl too. The girl was trying to break the window. The ghost was much more disturbed and trying to hurt the girl. In the mean time, (M) goes to the boy and hits the mirror again. The ghost was getting more hurt. Then the boy identifies that the life of that ghost is locked in this mirror. So there is a need to break the mirror to destroy the ghost. (M) brings a hard material and started hitting the mirror. The mirror broke up into pieces. The ghost lied down on the floor and disappeared. They thought that the ghost is dead and they are safe now. The window breaks, and they were trying to escape out through the window. It was about to get morning, the sun is going to rise. But still the room is dark. Suddenly, the ghost comes back with a great speed and hits all the three persons. No one was able to balance their body. The sun rises up but the lightning of the sun is not entering into the room. So they decided to jump out from the window. But there is a need to destroy the ghost. The girl silently moves from there and collects some of the broken mirror pieces and is trying to reflect the sun light into the room.

She was lucky that due to the mirror pieces the sunlight enters the room. A small lightning falls onto the body of the ghost. It was not able to bare the pain of sunlight falling on its body and got disappeared. They decided to leave the house before the ghost comes again. So they three jumped off the window and ran away out of the house.

After some years, a person driving a car through the same road and when he reached near to the villa, the car stopped and was not getting started. The person comes out of the car and sees the nearby villa and goes towards it……..

 

(TO BE CONTINUED……..)

Story By:

ARUN KUMAR

