Suspense Short Story – Conspiracy

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rahul was accused of stealing 10 thousand rupees from the house of Kamu and was trapped very badly. Shoe prints, finger prints were found at various places inside Kamu’s house and on the notes and also the notes were discovered from Rahul’s house. All the evidences were going against Rahul and Rahul was immediately arrested and taken to jail. He was also refused to get bail till the case is raised in court.

Rahul used to stay alone in his house and Kamu with his wife just in the house on opposite foot of Rahul’s. Rahul and Kamu were good friends but only well wisher Rahul had was Swapnil.

Swapnil just ran to meet Rahul in jail on hearing this news. He was allowed to meet Rahul, on doing which, he came to know the actual story. According to Rahul, that was a conspiracy of Kamu against him. Few days back when Kamu and Rahul were returning from work in the same bus, Kamu was just getting down off the bus without paying the fare. To that Rahul felt bad and asked Kamu to pay the fare. Hearing that the conductor blushed him top and bottom, took the fare and went away. Kamu naturally felt lowly in front of all. Because of that he just took a revenge in this way. Swapnil understood and went to the ACP to plead bail for his friend. But the police himself could not be blamed of not being able to give the same as all the evidences went badly against Rahul.

Swapnil straight away took one day of time and then the next day came directly to the ACP and told, “I want you to write one FIR for me.”

“Ok, for what?”, asked the ACP.

“10 thousand rupees were stolen from my house,” told Swapnil.

“Oh! great, now you too along with your friend! So do you people have a circle of doing these and bluffing the police? Against whom do you have the complain?” asked the police.

“You.” said Swapnil.

“What nonsense!! You mean to say I stole from your house? What proof do you have?” asked the officer.

“The same you have against Rahul,” said Swapnil. He continued, “Shoe prints, finger prints…Even if you go to your house,

I could find the notes with your finger prints from your house.”

The officer immediately verified all these, understood that Swapnil did all these to prove that Rahul is blameless. He just sat down on his chair in the station with his hand rubbing his forehead. He drank some water and then continued, ” First tell me how you gathered these evidences against me?”

Swapnil said, “Sir, these are very easy. Only things I needed were your shoe prints and finger prints. So those I collected in similar manner that Kamu did. See your paper weight is missing. And to get your shoe prints, I just needed to check your shoe which would tell the company and size. I bought one of that kind, wore that and done… And notes, I went in your house and told your wife that I am from Police station. Your husband has given these parcel to keep in the locker immediately. That parcel was having the notes”

To this the officer understood and asked, “So then how could I prove that Kamu is trying to trap Rahul?”

Swapnil said, “See officer, I am good friend of Rahul, but not blind one. When I heard the full story from Rahul, I didn’t immediately believe it. I also found for evidences and getting those, only then I believed and fought for him. So now you also use the same evidences to prove.”

The officer this time was much more soft and told, “Ok, tell, go ahead..”

To this Swapnil told, “I would like to call Kamu here.”

Kamu came..

Swapnil: “Kamu, so please describe what happened.”

Kamu: “Me and my wife were off from the house that night. Rahul took that opportunity and stole the money.”

Swapnil: “O great!! So how did he know you would be away?”

Kamu: “He just stays opposite to my house. He must have kept a watch.”

Swapnil: “Good..How did he know that you have money in the house?”

Kamu: “The same way..He might have seen me through my window counting the notes, as he keeps watch.”

Swapnil: “O so you have no other place to count but only in front of your window. Ok taken into granted. So Why would he steal?”

Kamu: “Good question. Yes whether its of his use or my loss? I would say, he would have stolen more to make me suffer as he is rich and dont need money.”

Swapnil: “Excellent..well said..So when you returned the next morning, what did you see? The doors were opened or closed?”

Kamu: “Open of course. I found shoe prints of mud till my locker. Locker was also open”

Swapnil: “Oh and nowhere else?”

Kamu: “No”

Swapnil: “So he knew where your locker is and went directly towards that? Have he ever been to your house earlier?”

Kamu: “No, not required, again he could see everything from his window.”

Swapnil: “Oh! yes, I’m sorry, I am forgetting this everytime and asking the same question and harassing you. So how did mud come? Was it a rainy day?”

Kamu: “Yes”

Swapnil: “Was it raining, when he was stealing?”

Kamu: “May be..”

Swapnil: “Then did you see drops of water as well which might have fallen from his shirt and then dried with that shape, as he would have been wet.”

Kamu: “Not necessarily..It might have been drizzling. Or it had rained earlier but stopped when he started.”

Swapnil: “Ok stopped. Good. So since he knew you were not there, he might have tried to switch on the light and steal, with the thought that he could steal in a better way. So let me compare two metre readings before you went and after you came back?”

Kamu: “No, it won’t be of any use, as that time there was a power cut.”

Swapnil: “Oh so he might have used torch..great!! So were there shoe prints also suggesting that he was returning?”

Kamu: “No it might have dried by then.”

Swapnil: “But his shoe prints were not there in his house. It should have been there as well, since he again crossed the muddy road to come back to his house.”

Kamu: “No he might have washed those. Yes..yes I saw him washing them and his shoe as well the next morning when I returned.”

Swapnil: “O he didnt do it the last night. Such a fool. He wanted to show you, how he washes. So were your locks broken?”

Kamu: “No he might have used hair clip.”

Swapnil: “Ok, but what about the locker. Since you were not there he might have tried to search for the locker key right? And am sure that he would not at least be knowing where the keys were kept. So he would be searching for them literally all over. But his finger prints were not found anywhere else in the house except the front side of the door and few places on the locker.”

Kamu: “No he might have been in a hurry..you know, he was still tensed though we were away. Anyone else could have seen him. So it was better as early he could have done and gone home. So he has used hair clips again to open the locker as well. Since he was in a hurry he dint even wash his shoes and house off his shoe prints that night.”

Swapnil: “Sorry what did you say? He was scared that if anyone else might have seen him?”

Kamu: “Yes ofcourse..The whole locality was not away and it cant be guaranteed that whole locality would sleep that night that time. Someone might think to go out for a walk in that night also, as it was hot, though it rained and it was not raining anymore when he was stealing.”

Swapnil: “O yes, you are true. So what do you feel? What had he done the first, after he opened your lock of the main door and entered?”

Kamu: “Simply he might have slowly closed the door back again, so that noone can see or suspect that the door is open at that time at night as it was dark also due to the power cut and then moved towards…”

Swapnil: “Stop..So Kamu, you did a small mistake here. You actually forgot to plant his finger prints at the back of your main door as well, as there is no finger prints there. If he had closed the door back again after entering your house, won’t there be any finger prints of him at the back of the door as well? You only have made this story, but have missed to think of all possible scenarios before. Now you could say that he has not closed the door, but you and everyone knows, that a fear anyway works of getting caught to anyone as he is not doing a good thing and so would try to escape from as many people as he can.”

 Kamu confessed his blame and was arrested for trapping Rahul and Rahul was left free.

__END__

