Her name is Liz. She was born in a small village and educated in a big town nearby and appointed as the secretary in a big office.

Boss is John and he was shocked at the beauty of Liz. He appointed her as his personal secretary and gave her all official duties to monitor and suggest him any changes to make the administration good.

Liz is a beautiful girl and she got fortune of Boss in her favor. So she became popular and her beauty is attracting many young people in the office and around. Everyone looks her with hunger, but none has the strength to say that they love her, because they know that boss also loves her and he will be her preference.

Liz has a boy friend. He is Peter and he works in a departmental store. One day, Liz went to the store for some purchase. She gave him her office card, saying that he can be better positioned in her office.

Everybody likes a lift in carrier. So Peter attended to an interview sponsored by Liz and he was soon appointed as assistant cashier in the office.

John likes to have Liz in his presence always, but he did not say that he loves her. Liz knows that John likes her and it is for her to get married to him, if she tries a little. But she did not try. Peter likes Liz and he also understood that Liz loves her. But he is cautious. He is more concerned of the job he got by Liz and he did not like to lose the job, in any misfortune that may rise by stepping in to the affair with Liz. This may happen if Boss knows that Liz loves Peter.

Top beauty Liz also understood that she made a bad decision by bringing Peter in to the office. Liz was thinking hard to solve to problem in intelligent manner.

She consulted Peter about her plan. He said that he does not like this. She consulted about her idea with John. He tossed his head.

Peter was fired with some account faults and he was on road. He was feeling sorry for not accepting the idea of Liz. What was it?

In the next week, Liz was also fired, just because she accepted to marry John. It was what John to feel happy, then why he rejected her? And, finally why she is fired?

Peter was not found in his address. He joined army and disappeared to unknown place.

Liz was feeling sorry for going against her love to Peter and worked for getting peter fired. Then why she was fired? Who spoiled the love of Boss to her? Why Top Beauty is fired?

Everyone should about this in his or her own way.

–END–

