Thriller Short Story – To Die Happiest

To Die Happiest - Thriller Short Story

The things have now changed. Jagan was now transformed into Mr. Jagan Kaushik  Sr. Detective of Indian Intelligence bureau and his dearest of all friends Rajiv to Inspector of Crime Investigation Department. They both lived not physically together but sentimentally together in two different parts of city. Jagan loved a girl and married her while his friend Rajiv was single. Talking about Rajiv, he was unfortunate to be orphaned at an early age but his sheer determination and perseverance to do something got him the post of Inspector. It was all good.

It was a chilly December night and had been a hectic day for Jagan and he was almost exhausted. After escorting an official party he departed to the hotel parking to get his car. Jagan was not a guy you would come across often in the bewildering multitude of crowd.  A tall man with fair complexion bequeathed with a solemn face and a disdainful mind which could never be easily bamboozled.  He walked vigorously though he was worn out that time. As he opened the door of car to get inside he was again troubled by his cell phone which jabbered throughout the day giving him calls from his bureaucrats. He grudgingly accepted the call.

“Hello, it is Jagan Kaushik. “He said in a brisk accent though he was a dead beat that time.

“Good evening Mister Jagan, it’s the most important call of your life” – a rough, iniquitous and diabolic voice came from other side.

Jagan replied hastily “Listen gentleman I am not used to talking to folks of your breed and it would be better if you disconnect this call.”

The man on other side chuckled unpleasantly on the phone and said “There’s a dustbin in left from where you are standing. Glance in it and you’ll hit upon a cell phone thrown inside it in a white handbag. Get that cell phone or I will……” The phone disconnected.

Jagan wanted to evade this but curiosity stopped him. He did as he was directed to do. As soon as he hauled out the cell phone from the bag there was a call from a different number. He acknowledged it.

“Jagan, I say you’re a right man” again the same voice blared on the phone.

“What you want?” Jagan asked in delusion.

“Jagan, if you could do my straightforward work.”

“Disconnect the call I say or next morning you’ll find yourself in jail. Perhaps you don’t know who I am.”

“I think you are senior detective of Intelligence agency if I am not wrong”.

“Who are you?” Jagan questioned in rage.

“Your lifesaver and your providence.”

The man further spoke “Jagan I know you’re a right man but if you deny my work I may get your wife murdered or…..” followed by a nasty laugh.

This statement deduced all egotism of this detective.

“What you want … cash?” Jagan enquired in incomprehension.

“Jagan, I don’t want money. If I required money I would not have supplicated to you on phone. If you do my job I would reimburse you ostentatiously. How would be twenty crore rupees for this job or thirty crores ……….if you demand.”

Jagan disconnected the call in anger and incredulousness. Jagan kept the phone for investigation.

The phone rang again after five minutes As soon as Jagan received the call again the man on the phone shouted

“Do not even dare to act up, if you disengage the call again then I would suggest you to arrange for death rites of you and your family.

“Ok…”

“I will give you two choices.Tell me either you desire an amount of Rs. 30 crores or…. death.I mean to kill you and your family.”

“ W…What you w..wa…want?”

Jagan’s manly voice was transformed into a childish treble.

“I know, you’re a right man, Jagan. Meet me in a garbage dump yard near Kalighat park at 11:00 AM after three days on Saturday with a suitcase crammed with deadly explosives and revolvers extracted from your agency’s artillery. Jagan you are high posted detective and I don’t assume that you would face any trouble accessing to weaponry.”

“Man if you tempt for cash just say your amount and it will be before you but what you are asking is unfeasible to provide.”

“Jagan shut up and do as I have said. Any shrewdness would be reckoned heavily. Remember 11:00 AM on Saturday….. tik tok. Now this phone’s going yo blast.”

The phone got disconnected and Jagan hastily threw it in bushes at the corner of the highway.

Jagan drove as he never drove before. He reached home and hugged his wife and straightforward retired to his room. Late night he couldn’t sleep.

He stole arsenals and as directed he arrived at Kalighat park at 11:00 AM. The chilly zephyrs which could ice up the blood wafted but Jagan sweated as he went inside that remote dump yard.

“You proved yourself to be a right man. Give the goods to the rag picker in a red T-shirt. He is waiting for you at the back of dump yard.”

The phone got disconnected. He did as he was directed.

It was a major mental blow to Jagan. He returned home and called the same number but the mobile was switch off. After five minutes again there was a call.

“Jagan, don’t worry about your money. I am not bluffing you. Your friend Inspector Rajiv has traced our deal. You have to assassinate him anyhow.”

“Shut Up!” Jagan blurted furiously. If you don’t want to recompense, don’t give me my amount but don’t take unwarranted advantage of myself.”

“Understand this Jagan you are talking to a terrorist of the deadliest terrorist group of this world and you know what I can do. Moreover now your friend won’t spare you so it is better to kill him.”

Jagan went to Rajiv’s house. On seeing him Rajiv hugged him tightly and cried “My friend I know you can never be wrong. Someone has trapped you in this deal.”

There were tears in eyes of both. Perhaps one wept for meeting other after a long time while other shed tears for losing other forever.

Jagan said still in tears “I have come here to kill you or they will kill me ……they will kill everyone. But…….But I can’t kill my friend rather I would prefer to die myself.”

Rajiv was amazed. After few seconds he spoke

“Jagan you have your family and your wife. You need not kill me my friend or you’ll be sentenced to death by law in accuse of killing a police inspector.”

Rajiv tore a piece of paper and wrote something on it.

Then Rajiv took out a revolver from his pocket and he shot………the bullet pierced the head from one side and escaped from other. There was a painful momentary shriek. The sound of the gun made the birds on the tree outside the room to fly high and escape to the sky and the place was filled with the disturbing silence. The security guards outside the house came running towards the room. The piece of paper which Rajiv held fell down at Jagan’s feet. Jagan astonishingly saw Rajiv’s body falling to eternal sleep. Jagan picked up the paper and read it:

Jagan’s eyes were welled up with tears and he lost is nerves. He then took Rajiv’s revolver to shoot himself. He positioned the revolver on his head to shoot but till then the security personals dropped in and arrested Jagan. Jagan was acquitted after trial because of Rajiv’s suicidal note.

Jagan became alcoholic in trauma of his friend’s death.

After few days that assailant called again to Jagan when he was in tavern.

“Mister Jagan you are a heroically right person. Your reward waits for you in your own house.”

Drunken, Jagan reached his house and found a dead body of a lady lying in garden which was visited by crows and vultures for their feast.  He went near it, turned it and saw his wife’s face which was white and looking miserable even after death. But he did not weep this time.

Still comatose due to influence of liquor he took out his cell phone and called the same number. The call was received.

“I knew Jagan you would definitely call. I think perchance you have got your reward.”

This time Jagan spoke courageously as he never spoke before:

“The explosives which I gave you needs a detonator which is still with me. I have lost everything but still if you pay my money I could grant you the detonator.”

The terrorist was taken aback. He blurted out “You bustard … Give the detonator at the same place and I would surely pay your amount.”

“ No..No I want to be certain about my money. I want to meet you personally “said Jagan fearlessly.

“You will receive a white coloured car after your house. Get in it and I’ll meet you.”

Jagan went to him with the same white bag through which he got the cell phone.

Jagan reached at the hood where he met a group of people with murderous rage in their eyes.

“Give the bag” shouted a goon by positioning a revolver on his head.

“We’re going to do serial bomb blasts in your country and I told you to avoid any shrewdness” a terrorist spoke showing him RDX’s piled up in black baggage.

Jagan said daringly as if unaware of revolver “Remember, I serve my country and you can’t do anything till I survive.”

“ You will die next minute Jagan but tell me what you got in this bag con” shouted a devil looking man.

“Better you see yourself, Good people.”

And then Jagan gave a carefree and happiest smile of his life.

They snatched the bag and opened it.

“ tick tok  5-4-3-2-1 ……. BOOOOOM”

Their hood was transformed into the lodge of ashes perhaps saving million lives.

The day after newspapers flashed in their headlines:

Charred body of a terrorist whose name is told to be Jagan Kaushik by some drunkards of a nearby tavern is found.

Investigations continue……..

Whatever, but it was the happiest demise of a SENIOR DETECTIVE JAGAN KAUSHIK.

__END__

