Jessica was heading to the store. She hated shopping,, but knew it had to be done. She was driving  her Blue Volvo listening to her country music. Looking up at the mirror she noticed how tired she looked.  Never had she really believed she would feel this old at her age.  Only 26 and I feel 60 she thought to herself . Her life had been hard, very hard.  She had raised her youngest brother when their mother died when she was barely 18 and he was 12.  He was grown now and had a family of is own.

She thought back to when he had first gotten his learners permit He was so happy.  Jessica let out a chuckle thinking about how excited he had been when he came out of the office with his permit. She wouldn’t let him drive and he rode in silence in the passengers seat all the way home. He was so mad he went into the house slamming his door. David had not known it, but she didn’t have car insurance at the time. If there had been an accident it would have been ugly.

Arriving at the store she parked in the first spot she could find. Jessica reach for the keys to shut off the engine. She continued to sit in the car while she gathered her thoughts.  This was not a visit she was looking forward to.  This was the holiday shopping trip and there was a list a mile long. What makes this trip a nightmare and the most dreaded was right in front of her. She could see the store was so busy people were literally streaming through both doors and looked like a colony of ants a work.

Knowing she would have to go on in she rubbed her hands together double checked yet to make sure the list was in her purse with a pen and small clipboard. She then closed her eyes, counted to 10 and got out of her car.  She stepped out of her car shutting the door behind her then locked it with her key fob. With car locked up she straightened up her coat purse in hand and headed into the store grabbing shopping cart as she made her way to the door.

“Beep Beep” went the horn of a car as she stepped out in front of it. She jumped looking at the direction of the sound catching that the person in the vehicle was clearly yelling and completely unheard. Once inside she was inundated with sample and coupon stands. One of these stands was for a new kind of drink. She always had to try the new looking samples. Never know when you might find something you just cant live without.  She made her way from one to stand to another. They stretched from the last checkout line all the way to the frozen pizza isle. She knew she wouldn’t be able to escape until she tried them all. This was why she so hated the holiday trips way more sample carts than normal.

Jennifer began testing the samples and found a few she liked, many she did not like. She got to the new drink and knew this would be the one her new favorite for the year. The young man greeted her handing her a sample cup. “Hello, have you ever heard of time mix blue?”

“No, whats in it?”  She asked looking at the bluish tinged and took a whiff of it. It smelled like it had lemon in it. A strong flavor of lemon permeated the drink. She was not the biggest fan of lemon. Putting the cup down she had decided she didn’t like it. So much for her new favorite drink of the New Year.

Leaving the stand she made her way to the checkout and double checked her list while she waited in line. Knowing she would have a task getting everything into her kitchen and organize it. Jessica quickly put the bags in the trunk then returned the cart to the cart caddy. Once the cart was in its place and Jessica got into the car, turned it on and listened to some music to calm herself down. Now was the time to begin get home. Jessica was all buckled up and then grabbed the gear shift to put it in reverse so she could back out of her parking spot.

Just as she grabbed hold of it she could feel herself fading. Jessica let go of the shifter and moved her hands to her face in order to try to regain her wits. She was so sleepy and she had no idea what this was. Jessica knew she had to make it back into the store to get help. She killed the engine and opened her door, she just had to make it back into the store. Jessica pulled herself into position and got her legs out of the car.

Jessica managed to grab  hold of the door and use it to pull herself to a standing position and then she felt herself falling back down. Just then someone stepped up to stand in front of her.

“Are you OK?”  He asked as he helped her back into her car. Jessica couldn’t even reply.  Se was passing out and whoever this was was pushing her into the passengers seat. He got in the car right behind the steering wheel before Jessica was completely out. She couldn’t speak and was unable to move. When she awoke she was no longer in her car. She was in some room all alone. She was not able to move from her current spot. Looking around she could see she was tied down. She couldn’t feel her shoes on . Her legs were on either side of the bed or table. Hard to tell as it was a hard base.  Her hands were secured above her head. Jessica knew being in this position was bad as this person or persons could do anything that they wanted and she wouldn’t be able to fight back.

She kept squirming trying to get her hands loose, they were tied above her head. Jessica maneuvered struggling to see what her hands were tied to. Nothing could be seen and noting could be felt. Jessica was sure if she could just see how her hands were tied she could get them loose and then sit up to remove the restraints from her feet.

Feet shuffling could be heard in the distance. She began to panic and pulled even harder, causing her wrists to become raw and bloody. Her heart raced and she began thrashing in an attempt to get free. Jessica did not like how this was playing out . She was in no position to fight back and refused to allow anyone to hurt her . She couldn’t contain herself resulting in screaming coming out of her mouth.  She could feel the blood pumping through her veins leaving a roaring in her ears. Her heart beating so hard and fast it felt it was going to jump out of her chest. Whoever it was, was getting closer as their footsteps fell.  They were now behind the partition and she had no idea what they had planned.  Jessica couldn’t stop the tears and her walling became louder as the person got closer and her fear grew. The partition moved and made a scooting sound as it seemed to brush across the floor allowing whoever it was to access the room.

“Quiet, right now or I promise you, your done.” She could hear the deep voice from behind her. She closed her eyes tight in an attempt to not see him. If she couldn’t see him she could just pretend this was a bad dream. Whoever it was they were standing right over her now, right above her head and their breath was blowing across her face and her hair. Jessica was sickened by the feel of his breath across her face. She cringed and did her level best not to pass out. How had she gotten into this position? How had he gotten her here? Questions just kept running through her mind. Jessica wanted answers.

“Who are you?”  She asked through shaky voice. He moved where she could see his face and knew instantly who it was. Her mind raced back in time to when he was handing her the sample drink. This was the man at the drink table. Jessica’s heart sank. How could he be the one doing this to her and why?  She stared at him speechless for what felt like an hour. He never moved from her sight again. Instead he began moving around her laying there on the table looking at her like he had captured his most prized trophy.

“You will do everything I say or I will cut you into pieces and feed you to my pigs.”  He said as he ran the knife he had in his hand across her leg sideways.  He then moved it from her leg and placed it on the little table beside her. He picked up a pair of very large scissors and moved toward her pants. He grabbed the waist band and began cutting them off of her.  The scissors moved through them like they were nothing. Moving from one side then the other he had her pants cut lose and laying there in no time at all.  She began to panic and struggled to get lose.  He was yelling at her and she couldn’t hear it.  All she could think was, this was not happening, not now and not to her. He moved to her top and began to slit the sides. Left was slit all the way up to the armpit area and then he moved to cut it lose from her arms. Once the left side was done he moved to the right side and did the same. He then lifted the shirt part from her body exposing her to the elements and his eyes.

Jessica was shaking like crazy, this man was going to hurt her and even worse she feared he would kill her.  The only thing she could do was lay there, struggling did nothing but cause her wrists to hurt and bleed even more. After he stared at her for some time he walked to where he was standing at her feet again removing the cut away part of her pants and letting them drop to the floor he moved to put his hands on her legs and moved his hands up her legs slowly. He had positioned himself so he could see all of her.  She was laying on the table so that he would be all the way against the table and still not make contact with her most private area. He would need to climb up on the table in order to do that.  This did not stop him from pressing himself against the table and continue to touch her legs. Watching her as she cried for fear of what he would do next.  “I am Jackson and we are going to become the closest of friends.”  He stated smiling at her as he moved his right hand to the top of her leg were it would have closer contact with where he had an intention of going.  “No, please don’t do this.” She cried as he began to climb up on the table.

“You want this or you wouldn’t have taken the sample. You know you do. My job is to give you the samples you want and I knew the minute you came up to my table that you wanted to sample this.”  Jackson stated as he began to undo his belt.

Bang! Was heard as someone knocked in the front door.  Jessica began screaming hopeful that someone would stop this monster from doing anything else to her. “Shut up, shut up right now.” Jackson stated as he gathered up her shirt part and shoved it in her mouth to silence her.  He then rubbed her hair and moved his mouth close to her ear. “ I will be back and we will begin our party.”  groaning he walked into the other room after redoing is belt.  Jessica could hear a commotion in the other room, not sure what was happening all she could do was cry.  She prayed he wouldn’t come back to her. She would rather starve to death tied up then to have him come back in there and lay another hand or anything else on her. She jumped when she heard the divider move. She burst out crying when she saw who entered the room. It was not Jackson, but she wasn’t sure about this person. Were they going to continue what Jackson had begun or were they going to do worse?  She was in a state of panic and then he spoke.

“Here let me get you loose. Its OK, I am Detective Smith, he can’t hurt you ever again. Good thing he had your car. You have a GPS set up on it. We got a call from your brother who said you were suppose to be back home that you had just gone to the store and were not heard from since. We tracked your car here and then once we saw who was here we knew we had to get in.”  Stated Detective Smith.

He moved to remove the cloth from her mouth and used it to cover her up.“ Its OK,”  he stated as he untied her legs and arms and helped her to sit up. Jessica was so terrified all she could do was cry. He moved to stand before her and had her coat which had been tossed in the corner and wrapped it around her.  “Here, lets get you out of here.”  Detective Smith stated as he helped her get off the table.  The two walked out and the other officers had already gotten Jackson in the patrol car as she was walking out with him.  They got her onto a gurney and into the ambulance which had just arrived on scene.  “Thank you.” Jessica stated through tears as they started to shut the doors.

Detective Smith Smacked the back door as the ambulance roared the siren to life and began to pull away.

–END–

