THE PARK OF DEATH – Thriller Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

[THE PARK OF DEATH – Thriller Short Story]

Mr. Suresh was reading the newspaper on Sunday morning sitting in his balcony.

“Dad, I will be back soon.” His son Varun came out from home in his jogging suit.

“OK son, but remember…………….” He was interrupted by Varun.

“I know dad, I will not go inside the park. OK now bye.”

Varun was jogging outside the park when his eyes fell on a man lying unconscious inside the park. He got scared. Was that man inside, the next victim of park’s murderer? Is he dead or alive? Should I go inside? He dispersed all the questions and jumped the railing of the park. When he reached inside, he realised that the man is alive and was saying something.

Varun was trying hard to listen to him but the voice of the man was very faint. He leaned lower to listen, then a little more near to his mouth. Now Varun ear was just above the man’s mouth.

Suddenly man raised his mouth a bit, Varun got scared.

“Waa….ter….rrr. I need water.” Man demanded.

Varun ran out of the park and brought a bottle of water. When he reached the position of man, he was not there. The Varun sensed that somebody is standing behind him. A sense of fear triggered down his body. He turned around and saw that man standing behind him. He was standing still, no movement at all. Few seconds later a movement occurred, movement of blood. Blood started to flood down his neck. His neck was cut. Then the man fells in Varun’s hands.

He wanted to shout. But the scene was not over yet. Again he felt that somebody is behind him. Again the same sense of fear. Again he turned behind. Then came a movement of hand, hand with a knife which penetrated through Varun’s neck.

Few days later to this incident that murderer got caught by the police. Then Ranjeet Rathore came to interrogate the murderer.

“Name?” Ranjeet was sitting on a chair and in front of him, on the floor was the murderer.

“Vinod.” He was an old man. About 45 years. Had a long white beard, wore big glasses, and had big white hairs coming on his face.

“Why you killed so many people?”

Vinod didn’t answer. Ranjeet slapped him hard.

“I had a daughter. Every morning she used to go to that park. She had a boyfriend also. That boy also came every day there. They used to spend big time there. Then one day, like every day she went to park and then she never returned. Her boyfriend killed her. That bloody fellow killed my daughter.” Old man Vinod started to sob and then continued.

“On the same day when I gave fire to the body of my daughter, I sweared to myself that I will not leave that boy. From that particular day I started killing everyone who came to that park.”

“So for death of one girl, you killed 9 people? Are you insane?” Ranjeet shouted.

“Yes, I killed them and have no regrets.” Vinod also shouted.

Ranjeet stood up and started to walk out of the cell and said.

“I was right. I told Smitha that her father is totally mad. He needs psychiatrist.”

“Smitha, how do you know her name?” Vinod took up by surprise.

Ranjeet returned an evil smile to Vinod while locking Vinod back behind the bars.

Vinod ran in full speed to get a hold of Ranjeet’s neck but failed. Vinod took the bars in hand and shouted badly.

__END__

