This story is about a girl Hina Altaf. She is a sporty one and she will be overjoyed to be having a date which consists of hiking and camping or fishing or doing something new. She really does not care about how she dresses and doesn’t have any problem in getting her hands dirty. She has more male friends than the females. She watches sci-fi movies and thinks that they are cool. Her friend’s thinks that she is the coolest thing on earth. She is a perfect example of ‘Tomboy’. She lives in Delhi (India). Her father is a middle class guy who works in a private firm in New Delhi. Her father wants her to join Indian Army.

So she applies in the Indian Army. She knows that it’s not going to be a piece of cake for her. She will have to work hard to do so.

Hina gets her call latter from the army for training. She befriends with some guys and girls who are helpful to her. But there is a guy who has a secret crush on her since the start of the campaign. The guy is from Punjab and his name is Rohan Rawal. Rohan is always helpful to her. After some days he asks her to go out after the training. Hina tells him that she does not want any distraction right now because her only focus is on her training. Rohan tells her that he cares about her and appreciates her decision. He also tells her that he will not bother her until she is selected in the navy.

Hina is currently going through a crucial phase of her life and is trying to concentrate on her training. Whenever she is around Rohan she is unable to focus on her training. She really feels something about Rohan but she did not realize it yet. As the selection day begins she is very nervous because the officers will have to select a few candidates from all of them. Officers started calling the names of selected candidates and Rohan Is surprised to know that he and Hina both are selected in the Special Operations Unit of the Indian Army. All the officials start to congratulate the selected candidates.

Hina and her team get their first operation as they have to infiltrate a sea border and get information about the enemy and their squad. They have to be very careful as this is their first operation. Hina is not the leader in charge because it is her first mission. They go to their informer to collect information in the night and returns back without any casualties. Hina and her team returns from their mission as they succeed in attaining the confidential information. They destroyed the enemy camps as well. This is a win for Hina and her team. Rohan comes to her and asks her if she wants to be in a relationship with him now. Hina said that she has everything now so yeah the answer is yes. Rohan is overwhelmed with joy after listening this.

Hina and Rohan are in a relationship since last 3 months. They seem to be unstoppable in their missions when they are together. He starts calling her Hit-girl because of her ability to shoot at crucial locations. They saved each other’s life many times. They are the perfect combination of muscle and mind. But sometimes she thinks that Rohan is hiding something and did not want to open up about it.

Hina receives orders to rescue an informer named Ashwini Thapar in the middle of a hostile rebel territory. This time Rohan is not with her because he is assigned to another mission. When Hina and her team arrive at the farm Ashwini is hard to find. They go outside to search him but suddenly a mysterious sniper ambushes them, wounding Hina and killing everyone else. She is the only person left to protect the informer from that mysterious sniper. She stays there for some time and waited for the sunset. She knows that it is not possible for the other sniper to take a clear shot at night. After the sunset she goes inside the farm again and found a hidden basement inside the last room of the farm. She knocked on the door and she is pleased to know that the informer is still alive.

Ashwini asks for password and Hina tells him the security password. She also tells him that she is here to rescue him. He asks her if she comes alone or has a team with her. Hina tells him that her whole team is attacked by a mysterious sniper and she is the only one who is left now. Ashwini told her that he is aware about that sniper and he also told her that his friend stole some important documents from the “Indian Mujahideen”. His friend died a painful death. He is the one who possesses those documents now. These documents contain the information about their next attack on India Coasts near Gujarat. That’s why he is being targeted by the terrorists.

Ashwini helps her to send a coded signal to the base and after that they both are rescued by Rohan and his team. She is happy that the informer reaches the headquarters safely. Hina gains her full potential in a few days and then she sets out a personal mission to avenge the deaths of her team members. She is building herself into a weapon by practicing her skills more and more. Soon she gets a clue about the shooting in a coastal region. She asks her commanding officer to take out the rescue.

Prashant Verma who is a Major General in the army listen her conversation and he calls the sniper that the more troops are coming. Hina unaware of this reaches the scene but they are spotted by the terrorists. This time the sniper isn’t alone. Her team engages with others while she gets a chance to take out the sniper. When she reaches the sniper tower she is shocked to see that the mysterious sniper is none other than Rohan. She loves Rohan and she does not think even in a dream that he will commit such a horrible crime. She is pointing a gun at Rohan but he told her that she can’t shoot him because she loves her. Then he takes her gun forcefully and told her that how Major General Prashant Verma and he plan out this whole thing with the help of an International businessman.

Major Verma and the other businessman first meet the Indian Mujahideen leader Abdul Qureshi in UAE. Qureshi makes a plan to slowly take out the whole Special squad and after that he wants his own men in the Indian Army. He also tells her that Major Verma is the one who told him to use Hina in their mission so that they can blame her for their crimes in the end. Hina is on her knees now, listening to this conversation. Hina needs a chance to prove her and she gets one. When Rohan is about to shoot her she kicks him and then they both start fighting and after some time Hina overpowers him. She becomes very angry and aggressive. She first breaks his right hand and after that his legs. Rohan tells her that the only safe place here is this tower because the whole place is rigged with mines.

There is only way this ends and for that she has to kill him otherwise all will die. She comes forward to snatch the remote detonator but until then Rohan triggers it. The whole area turns into a graveyard now. Major General Verma arrives at the scene with backup. Saddened by the death of her team members she throws Rohan in front of a truck going nearby from the tower. The whole squad witnesses that Hina kills Rohan. Prashant tells them that he sends Rohan and his team as a backup for Hina and she kills her because she is working with the terrorists. Hina tries to tell them that she is innocent but none of them listen to her and the army forces arrests her for murder and conspiracy.

Indian High Court blames Hina for the murder, conspiracy and terrorism. She got a lifelong incarceration due to these charges. Despite being a good soldier she ends up into the prison. She knows one thing now that her really enemy is Prashant Verma and when she gets out of prison she will take her revenge.

–END–

