Thriller Short Story – Just A Call Away

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Fifteen minutes, Mrs. Kapoor.”

That was all she needed to know before she scampered off to the overly crowded market place, scampered with devotees of the great Hindu God, Ganesha. These eerie phone calls had just started about two hours ago, ever since she was informed about her only fifteen-year-old son’s kidnapping. The call suggested a weird tactic that the police could only define as psychopathic: he wanted Mrs. Kapoor to find her own son before he killed him.

“Such people are heavily diagnosed with mental disorders Mrs. Kapoor,” She remembered the police deputy speaking, “But don’t worry ma’am, we’ll help you rescue your son.”

Such promises were something she’d stopped listening to, ever since her husband left her for a younger and richer woman.

There was a loud static noise that sounded from her ears just then, making her stop right on her tracks.

“Five miles left, near the shoe shop.”

This voice came from the ear piece handed to her by the police. Finally, she could finally give a welcoming hug to her son. Smiling, she made her way towards the shoe shop just mentioned.

Just as she was about to walk over towards the small opening to the right of the shoe shop, her phone started to ring. “Times up, 

.” The voice said, sneering as he said her name. She was about to retort when the man on the phone started to laugh out loud.

“I’ll give you the choice on how you want your son killed; if you end the call, there’s a bomb tied to your son’s waist coat, that bomb will suddenly blow up. Or, you can just walk away and only your son will die.”

Eyes wide with fear, she had no clue as to what she should do. The static running on her ear suggested her to walk away that instant, but she wanted her son in her arms so bad!

“Keep him talking Mrs. Kapoor, we’ll try to find him.” The static said, a sense of calm passing through her.

“I’ll walk away.” She spoke out into the cell phone, retreating back, away from the shoe shop. “But you’ll have to tell me who you are.”

The man laughed out loud, making her flinch. “Why would I do that? Why would I let you come after me later to watch me die?”

She didn’t have an answer for that, but she still tried to persuade him into giving her an answer: “You’re going to kill my son for doing nothing wrong! Why shouldn’t I know?” she yelled, making a few people walking towards the temple turn around and stare.

“Your son is anything but innocent,” The voice bellowed, “You have no idea what a fifteen-year-old can do, and I don’t think I can take it anymore.”

Madness, that’s the only explanation she could come up with over the senseless behavior of this man.

“What has he done?” She asked, trying to savor the time, knowing that the police might be able to find her son at any given moment. “What has he ever done? I need to know.”

“I can’t tell you, ma’am, but I hope one day you may find out.” with that the phone got disconnected.

This sent her into a frenzy, she didn’t know what to do, she tried talking through the static to the police, but there was no response. She was only met with silence. And this troubled her more than what the kidnapper and told her.

She tried her phone again, calling the anonymous number, trying to just figure out what had happened. No response. All she could do now was sink down on a chair in a cafe, and cry her eyes out.

Suddenly the static rang out loud in her ear, “Mrs. Kapoor? Your son’s safe.”

Ecstatic, that’s how she felt as she let herself take in those three words that confirmed her happiness.

“Thank you! Thank you!” She chanted, as she ran out to hug her young son, tears still falling, but this time, of joy.

The kidnapper, was found to be none other than her ex-husband, who claimed that his company was brought down because of that 

.

So for now, Radhika knew her life was safe, with the criminal behind bars and her son safe in her arms.

__END__

