Thriller Short Story – The HEART of Castle Dracville

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sam woke up on his bed. He looked at his huge mobile screen, which flashed 01:13 am. The high fever was gone, and he could very well understand that his body temperature was back to normal. Sam sat up on his bed, and in the process his body screamed ‘weakness’. Viral fevers are mainly known for how much they weaken the body. His parched throat begged for a bottle of chilled water.  Although he was strictly warned not to do so, he still decided to make his way towards the fridge. As he tried to get up his eyes fell on his Desktop.The DVD was still there in the DVD-Drive and he was still stuck in the last level. The game had got him, and it was calling him as if challenging him, insulting him on his inability to complete the game. What if he tried to complete the game now? He might as well get the 

 of

A month ago, Sameer’s uncle went to Singapore for a trip. When he came back  he brought a digital camera and a bunch of PC-Games for Sameer. “Look Sameer, what i have got for you”.

“Please do not call me Sameer, my name is Sam”,he said as he grasped his stuff.

Amidst all the DVD’s  one box got his attention. The box was made of fine wood and carved  upon the box were the words ‘

 of 

.  On asking his uncle said that he got the DVD for free. The Tibetan shopkeeper was a friendly man and on knowing that he was buying these games for his nephew, he gave this one for free.

After all these days ,yesterday, after finishing his homework Sam started to play the game. As he started playing he understood that this was unlike any game he has ever played.  The graphics was superb and as if engulfed him . Equally brilliant was the background score which seemed to give Sam goosebumps. Sam created a player as per the game’s demand. The objective of the game was simple, to bring back life in 

Centuries of darkness has ruled over the 

 and only the 

which is hidden in one of the towers of the 

 

can revive life in the 

The only weapons are a stick and a sword and with the help of a lantern he has to roam around the

.  But light attracts ‘Hotam’ a four-feet creature whose saliva weakens the player. Along with them are other creatures of the dark world, ‘Pong’ and ‘Gazuk’. With the help of  the sword you have to chop off their heads or their poisonous  bite decreases the health of the player.The fact that his headphones were there and the door of his room was closed, prevented his mom from hearing anything or else he would have got a good scolding. Sam got so addicted to the game that he hardly realized for how long he had been playing. When he reached the last level he realized that he had high fever. Turning off his PC, he somehow went to bed. Today he has rested the whole day. The Doctor came and after taking his medicines the fever was gone.

Finally Sam got up. Unless he finishes the game he would not get the much required relief. He has slept the whole day, so even if he was feeling weak he was not sleepy. After gulping down some water he put his headphones on and started the game. He has reached the ultimate tower where the 

is kept . He just has to climb a flight of stairs and he will reach the end. But as he started climbing he encountered ‘Vuala’, a humongous lizard like monster. To get past it is no walk in the park. Sam tried to kill it but his each try was futile. Sam paused for a moment. Finally he got the catch. The light is what attracts the beast. He has to get rid of it, so he smashed the lantern against a wall.

Now the whole tower was covered by a sheet of darkness again apart from a faint red light emitted by the 

In the vague light Sam attacked the brute and after a moment’s fight ‘Vuala’ collapsed. The virtual- self of Sam walked towards the round ball like red light emitting  

. The face of Sam’s virtual-self glowed as if basking in the glory and as he placed his hand on the ball, light filled every corner of 

. ‘Game Over’ flashed as credits started to roll.

Sam closed his Computer. He was feeling better after finishing the game. As he got up something fell from his lap. He bend down to pick up a round ball like red light emitting thing-

 of 

.

__END__

