Short Story from Childhood – Back to the memory lane…

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

For the very first time I am writing something, I don’t know where to start from. I wish Sourmishta you could be with me at this moment. Let me start our journey from where we meet.

Class tenth first day in school and that too girls school. We all were looking more or less like human cum chickens or chicken cum humans. Day starts from the auditorium hall. The whole place was full like a cricket ground on India pak match but the difference was only that ours auditorium was a zillionth time smaller than that. But in case of strength we were much of the muchness same.

Principal came and gave us a three hour welcoming lecture. I was literally stunned, my word! Somebody make her understand today is not the dooms day, why the hell she is lecturing us for that long in that extreme summers of starting July. All in all the day started with very discouraging mode. After that three long hour third degree we were finally heading towards our classes and I was wondering when my last day of the school will come.

The first few days of school were below average. It was just like prison to home and home to prison. and then on 25th July she joined the school { you must be wondering how come I remember the date, but everyone remembers its own life historic date, same was the case with me} the first when she entered in our barrack cum class room, the first thought that came into my mind was, Gosh! Who will become friend with her.

But this shows the quality of self-obsession and narcissism in me because I was also not that good looking. But as the case that most of Indians possess this quality of not looking at oneself and comment on others without taking a millisecond. I was also no more different. But who knows, fate has different plans for you. Slowly time passed and we became friends and after that best friends and after that bestest friends forever. After we became friends time had never flown so imperceptibly. She was a bright student but I was brighter {see it’s not like that I am only a narcissism patient rather I had some good qualities also} I always use to stand on first or second position in class. She use to stand fourth or fifth in the class.

But as a matter of fact I always consider her more intelligent than me because I was just a crammer or to be more precise a parroting machine. she was practically more sound than me, but at the end of the day your mini profs {i.e. school teacher} will give you marks on the basis of what you write in your paper in that 180 minute ventilator time of your life that is your exam. That’s why I always use to top the exams with shining marks which use to make my face even shinier. But mine and her friendship were always above than jealously of being first in class.

The bond we share was ineffable. Undoubtedly she was bright student but she was also the most notorious student of the class. She was well known for her froward pranks with students as well as teachers, because of her credo “everyone is equal”. One day she surprised our mathematics teacher by correcting his solution on the board, especially when the principal was sitting at the back of the class. After that incident our maths teacher always use to see her like a traitor.

Finally came the end of year and after that come our most awaited results. I stood second in the whole school by securing 90 per cent. I was on cloud nine. All I wish is that our friendship last long till the dooms day!!!

–END–

