Friends Short Story – Three people with 100 colorful dreams

Photo credit: 

 from 

Hi,

I here would like to share you the story of 3 different guys, where the destiny takes them somewhere where they have never imagined.

Here in my story there are 3 different personalities playing different role.

My first character name is Rodney

My second character name is Mark

My third character name is Hunt

Let me brief you the lifestyle of these 3 characters.

 is a simple guy. He is from an average class family; this guy would like to explore life in his way.

This guy never expresses his feelings to anyone, but he like to make his own decisions. Extremely calm, very sharp grasping power, never shows attitude, and very straight forward. This guy takes life as very serious business. But he likes to be like a playboy (not comparing this phrase related to girls), like he likes to play & enjoy each and every movement of his life.

 is a complicated guy. He is from a rich family. This guy is very adamant and rigid. Lives a Hi Fi life, and yet maintains simplicity. He is very complicate to understand, very intelligent, he things twice before making a comment. But very humble. For him life is complicated. He is the owner of his own decisions. Never discuss about his decision. He struggles to understand people. He likes to be a multi-millionaire. He likes to roam around the world have girls around him and takes life as it comes.

 is a colourful guy. He is from a middle class family. This guy is like an open book, he never keeps secret nor does he take life seriously. He always like to play prank with others, no one believes him. He never makes decision, but once made, he never even turns back and sees. He has an extreme memory power. This guy makes friends in split second. For him life is nothing, he actually doesn’t know what life is. He likes to have people around him and have fun fun & fun.

This is just an introduction about the three characters which I have mentioned above.

I will take you to each of their story so that you can understand them in better ways.

 

I will start this story from their school days (From 8

 Std).

It’s May 1996 where the schools have opened. These 3 guys are about to join the same school.

Morning the school reopens and everyone rushes into their classes.

Mark sits at the first bench as he is short. Hunt chooses the last bench, as he never sat at front in his life.

Rodney chooses the middle bench.

Surprisingly these 3 guys were from 3 different schools but came together at 8

 std.

 

Mark did his primary schooling at a village, but in a good private school.

Hunt did his primary schooling at a city. And school was okay.

Rodney surprisingly never went to school he was just made to study his primary schooling in an institute.

 

After a week in the school, one day mark meets hunt. They actually share a healthy fight with each other. Then somehow they become recognized to each other.

As usually Mark and Hunt play their prank and enjoy their new schooling life till 8

 std finishes.

But Rodney was never in the picture, as he remained calm and quite, never show’s his presence to anyone.

Then these three guys somehow went to 9

 std. As Hunt and Mark were never the rank students, they just wanted to pass the time and go home and play. One day where the test marks card being issued, the teacher announced 2

 rank student name was Rodney. The entire class took a turn and was watching Rodney. Then Rodney became famous to all the class. Every girl every guy from the class used to share their doubts with him.

They finished 9th std and were in 10 std. Still none of them were concerned about their education. Still Mark and Hunt had fun.

 

Here all the three finished their 10

 std and went on to peruse their collaging.

In between these three became just friends. (I won’t say close or very close friends)

These 3 fellows just were in touch even though these 3 studied at different collages.

 

Here Rodney completed his collage life without any complications.

Mark and Hunt faced failures in their early part of education, where they failed to complete the college degree in time.

Later on Hunt was taken to some other state in India by his parents and this made him away from friends and fun, so that he concentrated on his education.

Mark & Hunt struggles a lot in completing their degree, and somehow they make it.

 

Finally after a spam of 25 Years to all these 3 guys, they become engineers.

After completing their degree, Mark moves to US for perusing his MS.

Hunt continues to work away from Bangalore and side by side peruses his MBA.

Rodney had a huge responsibility to bring his family financial status, so he was happy with his degree.

Mark enjoys staying at US, as he always needed to be like a free bird, roaming around with girls. But every time he missed his family. He used to worry about leaving his parents and staying at US alone.

Somehow he completes his MS and settles down at US.

Hunt never been serious, he takes a career after his engineering and enjoys at his working organization making many friends. As his father took control of the entire financial situation Hunt never cared nor been understood of being a responsible person. He never settles down at one place, hence he has a long career jumps.

Rodney settles in Bangalore itself and work very hard. Joins a BPO and works for the least wages. Then by his raw talent this fellow joins the software unit of the same BPO and starts earning good salary.

He slowly makes his family to grow. He had an immense responsibility to make financial things to settle down.

But similarities in these three guys are, they didn’t spend money too much for just having fun.

They calculated their expenses and were spending the money only for the right cause.

Somehow after perusing their 3 years of working career, they started feeling very lonely and highly responsible.

These 3 never been in touch from their completion of degree. It’s been 5 years, where these three had forgotten each other.

After 5 years.

Mark completely settles down financially. He still enjoys his life with lots of girl friends around him. As his parents pressurize him for the marriage, he finally gives green signal to his parents for searching him a girl. Even though mark had many girls around him, he never thought of marrying any of his girlfriends.

Mark rejects 1000 of proposals which he receives from his parents, He accepts a proposal, and then he loses it too due to his bad luck. Mark finally gives up the idea for marrying at least for 2 years, and settles down at US itself.

Rodney stabilizes a bit financially and suddenly he too had pressure from parents to get married.

Finally he agrees to marry, and his parents start to search a girl. Later he will be pushed for marriage, and he agrees a girl to marry. Rodney manages to have the expense of marriage by himself, and again becomes bankrupt. Somehow manages and competes his marriage and he leads a happy life initially.

Hunt as becoming little responsible, his parents try to search for a girl, Hunt being never serious he never know what marriage used to be like. For Hunt his own relative proposes. Hunt being surprised, puts a word to his parents, later on in no time his parents agrees for the proposal and makes him married to his wish.

This is how these three started to have their life. As I say its destiny which made them to choose their life like this.

 

After few months of their new life, Hunt and Rodney face hiccups in their marriage life.

Somehow they manage and stabilize it in their boundary, not letting the other family members to know the same.

After 6 months, hunt faces a major blow in his married life. One day he comes to know his wife never wanted to lead the life with hunt for no reason, and her parents too support their daughter and separates Hunts wife being with Hunt.

Hunt and his family try a lot to patch up Hunt and his wife. But she never agrees to join.

In-between the family other members who were the part of Hunt and his wife enjoys the same, and they became their own judge to analyze this cause instead of solving the issue.

Hunt tries desperately to get united with his wife. But she refuses again and again.

Finally after a year Hunt loses interest and starts living a lonely life.

This was a pure betrayal happened with hunt for trusting his wife.

 

Rodney too faces many internal problems; some internal disturbance with his wife makes him annoyed.

Rodney tries to analyze the problem, but some misunderstanding makes him to attempt for a suicide.

By that time Mark visits India and keeps calling Rodney and Hunt.

Somehow Mark reaches hospital and visits Rodney and conveys Hunt that Rodney is out of danger.

After few months, Rodney too gets separated by his wife. Here as both had love and affection, the separation didn’t last too long. They become united in just 15 Days of time.

Mark comes to know about the life style of Rodney and Hunt on later part.

Mark always consoles Hunt and makes him stronger mentally.

Hunt was made mentally strong by these 2 friends Mark and Rodney.

Later part Mark becomes extra cautious for choosing a girl for his marriage.

As Mark sees the agony’s and pain what they are going through after their marriage life, He decides to select a girl who accepts only to his conditions.

The all three gets united one day and just have get together party. And good part is all these three turn 30+ Years.

Mark being to have girls around him, he too finds a girl in India to play around. He just have fun roaming around and playing at India with a girl.

Later part, Mark feels that the girl, who he was roaming around, was his perfect match and tries to approach her very frequently.

Mark understands the girl and her background. The girl being already married lie to Mark that she’s single. Mark believes her.

Mark never discloses this to any of his friends, and he becomes very secretive.

Mark and his girl agrees for a living relationship and continue to stay together.

Mark invites Rodney and Hunt for party at his house, revealing that he started a relationship, where he soon marries his girl. Rodney attends the party as Hunt being out of town, he misses it.

Hunt returns back to town, but by that time Mark moves away to US alone, leaving his girlfriend at India.

Hunt calls Mark and congratulate for his relationship. Mark feels happy and conveys thanks for Hunt for the wishes. Many months later Mark calls Rodney and Hunt and says he’s returning to India and asks Rodney to arrange a big party. Rodney and Hunt both arrange a party for Marks arrival and welcome Hunt and his Girlfriend for the party.

Rodney and his wife arrive early and wait for Mark and Hunt. Mark approaches and joins Rodney.

Later part Hunt plans go wrong, and he stuck at a traffic jam, and he informs Mark to start the party, so that he joins later. As informed by Hunt, Mark and Rodney continue to have fun and chitchat.

After 30 Mins Hunt enters the party hall and he sees his Wife being with Mark.

Hunt Wife sees Hunt and she hugs Mark and says “I love you”. Rodney takes this as moment and opens the shampine and says “Guys welcome to the party”.

Hunt remains calm and says hi to Mark and his Girlfriend. Party gets heated up and Hunt consumes alcohol for the first time and he consumes like hell. Mark and Rodney never saw Hunt consuming alcohol. Rodney smells something fishy. Party finishes and Mark and his girlfriend leaves the party. Rodney asks his wife to reach house alone by a cab.

Hunt as consumed alcohol like a hell, he never was in a position to walk. Rodney accompanies Hunt and stay at Hunts house for the entire night.

***

(If you need to read the other part, please let me know. If you think this is an interesting story mail me I will send you the other part, like how these 3 destiny changes.)

