Friends Short Story – “The Queen Of Darkness” – Night

Photo credit: 

 from 

And I kept silent for sometime!! The nicest thing about the rain is that it always stops, eventually ! it was condescending the whole night.

What should I say? should I ask him about his future planning? Why should I..

Tia what you are thinking after your MBA? I can’t understand why you have joined business school? I am sure you don’t have any relevant reason.

I think you need a coffee Raj! (Lol) with or without milk?

Black Tia! ( he smiled)

After a rain cometh the fair weather he comes to see me after 6 years! We  never proposed neither we blamed the gravity or law of  attraction, we were not prepared how to fix this mess and we said Goodbye!

Get me your oversized shirt, I won’t be able to move. It’s thunderstorm Tia(Hard black rain unleashed by the sky like hate) cook something,feed me..Raj,you are such a moron! You are making me work like as I am your hired! Salute to that girl who will marry this lazyass!! (Lol)

Hahhahahaha……..don’t forget to play some music Tia! And show me your creativity, show me you can cook show me you can bake (lol) Raj can you please check the main door is locked or not!

Yes Madame!

Tia how’s uncle aunty and your brother I forgot to ask about even you haven’t mentioned anything about them. All well?Yes, they are Happy Chopra family! Dad is continuing his CA firm and big bro is his helping hand. Mom is happy homemaker (Iloved her)I must say Tia, you should have thought about your  architecture career. Your house looks a villa! From chandeliers to sculpture to fixtures, unique furnitures, fluorescent, I am amazed!

Thanks! I love my house and I know how to respect and colour it. All you need to bring your own experiences into your room. If you love something it will work!every corner of your house need a touch of love it’s just like a human Raj! Here I present the cheese sandwich for a cheesy man (lol)

Ahhh! Tia you wear saree? You look gorgeous,love this look!who clicked this?such a good Photoshop(lol) Heyyyyy you have nails…careful babe!

Tv is on watch whatever you like! I need a good sleep can’t bunk my class tomorrow have important assignment to finish! You also take rest. Sky will be cleared in some time.I came here to meet you to see you, to talk! Manged to get your number from social networking, convinced you for your address it’s not for saying you goodnight! You are still dumb!A big time dumb Tia.

The rain…. it fell heavily, easily, no intention no perfection it’s all about fulfilment. It got power to cut the stone again. Something lurk suspiciously in this night  (a queen of darkness). The pain is like I am bitten by venom of night! He said he loved me when my hair was covering my whole face and I am not able to look at him..

I don’t know whom to curse for maketh a hole in the stone! Rain or the night or the thunderstorm or the intra cloud lightning or us? He was scared to getting himself wet eventually rain caught both of us!

Au revior Tia! It’s already 6am now I have to rush for my clinic! Should I take this shirt with me for cleaning? Or else I will  clean it here only..

I will see you soon. Let me know when your pilot is back, will invite both of you it’s a gesture to say sorry to him as well for not attending your marriage(he smiled)

…..And  I kept silent for sometime “Should I curse the Queen of Darkness?”

###

