Friends Short Story – One day…Someday!

Friends Short Story – One day…Someday!

Photo credit: 

 from 

My mates call out my nick names, shout, make faces, and try to take my snap as they move down the elevator in the international airport after helping me with luggages. I wave them good bye, with a sad smile. I am above them, yes, soon to be ‘UP’!

I remember reading ‘Seeing a friend off’ by Li Bai.

“The dark hills stretch beyond the northern rampart,

White waters wind around the eastern wall,

From this place where we do one deed, of parting,

Tumble weed has a thousand miles to sprawl.

A floating cloud; all that a wanderer thinks.

A setting sun; all an old friend can say.

It is goodbye, and as we wave our hands

Our parting horses cry and neigh, and neigh.”

 

Foreign trips being customary, this was different. I have won the best territory manager award offered by the MNC I have been working with. I will be recognised in a grand function that would take place at the head quarters of the company abroad. Much a worthy cause to justify the big bucks I had coughed up on heavy potlatch as demanded by my junkie mates. But then, I could feel an odd pain crushing my tender heart. Stingy me? Not by any means!

This time some tearful faces at the airport catch my sight, leaving me lonelier and sadder, quite unusual!

Partings are always painful!

 

My cell phone rings. I look at the screen and attend.

“Hello!” My voice choked?

“All arrangements and appointments have been made. Soon after your award ceremony, meet those people I had mentioned. They will surely help you. Don’t hesitate to contact me, for anything. Have a peaceful journey. Everything will be alright. Believe! Take care!”

I manage to say “Thanks!” to Dr. Chawla.

Being in the loving embrace, or tight clutch, of  sarcoma -stage 4 with unpredictable, better say nil, survival rate, the doctors had opined to try my luck in the country where I will land soon.

Will I meet my mates again? One day….Someday?

Hope ! I don’t know whether to or not to.

Hoping against hope I text my friends with trembling fingers.

“Come I MAY, but go I MUST!”

__END__

