There was scorching heat for the past few days. Everyone was hoping it would rain the next day. In the night I was watching television and something was bothering me, it was a thought. Thought of someone yelling,

“You are doing it all wrong!”

It was a long tiring day,I was out in the sun for most of the day under the hot sun. I was sweating too much and when I returned to my home, I was feeling like I already had a shower.Though the feeling I had was irritating.

In the evening, I told my Mother,”Maa,I am going to Dhaka tomorrow”

She said,”Stay home for the month.”

“My classes will start soon,most probably the day after tomorrow.”,I said.

She remained silent.I went out of home and confirmed my bus ticket.I was hungry and it was already 9pm. While smoking a cigarette I thought to myself,I  should have Chap.

Chap is a type of Kabab. Chap is a traditional dish from the Pakistani cuisine and it is a delicious dish.It is made from beef mince and is a popular barbecue meals .The kabab is served with nun(a type of bread).

 The dish is mouth watering and the smell is overwhelming.

The next afternoon the sky was overcast, cold wind was breezing through the alley.I was packing my bags up as i was leaving for Dhaka. After having my meal,I went out of home with bags packed.

My sister and mother was standing in the balcony of 1

floor. I raised my hands and said “Goodbye!”

I hired a rickshaw and asked him “Will you go?”

Then I got up in the rickshaw and after a few distance,I lit up a cigarette. After a few minutes the rickshaw stopped near a 2 storeyed building. The building was well designed and it had a touch of art in it.I went up the stairs and knocked at the door.

I went inside the door. Naeem,Sowmik was sitting on the drawing room. Seeing me Naeem said,”Le Cow.”

Smiling I shake his hands and asked, “What’s up?”

He smiled and just showed thumbs up. Naeem was a friend from my school days.

I asked Naeem,”Where is Sadat?”

He replied “He went upstairs to call you.”

Smiling grimly I said “Is that so?”

Seconds later my mobile rang up.It was Sadat’s call. I answered the call and said “Hellow”

He replied “When I would come?”

I said,”I will be arriving at his home within 30 minutes”

Hanging up the phone,he came downstairs and found me sitting in the drawing room.He was amazed to see me and everybody was smiling. Sadat was also a friend of mine from school days. After gossiping we decided to go out as I decided to give a treat to my friends. Before getting a ride to our desired destination, we had a smoke. Naeem and Soumik were with us and they were not smoking.

After finishing the cigarette we took a ride and stopped by a nice café.We looked through out the menu and ordered a big,cheesy,delicious pizza. Finishing the food,we went to nice and quite place behind the local jail. It was a small bridge for pedestrians over the river Karotoa.We lit up another smoke and had a little gossip. It was quite dark and we headed towards Sadat’s home. Myself and Naeem stayed at Sadat’s place at the night.We played cards throughout the night.

I didn’t slept that night.Everyone was sleeping except me and Shamin Bro.When it was morning I took my bags and left. I was standing in a bus stand, got up in my bus,sat in my pre-booked seat.When it was 8.45 am the bus left the stand and hurried towards Dhaka. As the engine roared I felt asleep.

__END__

