Short Story Friendship – GOOD NEIGHBORS

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a midnight, when Sharad was parking his car in front of his house. At the same time, Vasu was standing outside the gate of his house for saying good bye to his relative. Both the houses are Just opposite.

Sharad is a young chartered accountant and working as a general manager in the company. He is staying in a rented house with his mother and a sister. Vasu is a retired bank official living in his own house with his family members. Being the neighbors, Vasu and Sharad became friends irrespective of their age difference.

Sharad belongs to Tamil Nadu and working in Bengaluru. Vasu is born and brought up in Karnataka. There is a language problem for Sharad and his family members. English is a common language for both the neighbors. Vasu and Sharad talk freely on politics, literature and personal matters. Sharad composed English poems and Vasu written short stories in English. Both discussed about the present day trend of writing in the context of their individual writings.

“Mr. Sharad, your poems are really of high standard and I am unable to understand quickly. I could understand few stanzas after repeated reading. You have wonderful talents that everybody has to appreciate. You have got the perfect knowledge in the English literature and good prospects to prosper as a famous poet. Please send these poems to a reputed English magazine for publication. I request you to spare some time and explain the meaning.”

“Please do not elevate me to the position of a poet. I have to learn lot in this field. I am just a beginner. You know my profession is chartered accountant and write poems during the spare time. I don’t consider myself as a poet. I have read your few short stories.”

“Please spare some time and share your ideas on my short stories. It would be a feedback for me to improve my writing.”

“Okay!”

“Sir, why don’t you introduce your family members to all the neighbors?”

“You know, I find little time to attend to this. I will keep it in mind and introduce my family members to neighbors shortly.”

The day was Sunday. Sharad returned from office very late in the night. Their talk was continued for some time.

“You don’t have weekly off on Sunday.” Asked Vasu

He replied, “Yes! There is a holiday on Sunday. You know, I am holding a responsible position in the company and I cannot stick up to the working hours like other staff.”

“Sir, you are a young man, you don’t feel tired now. If you work whole week without rest, what happens to your health? As an elderly person, my sincere advice to you is either reduce your work load or start your own chartered accountant office. Doing work without rest means inviting problems like ill heath. In a place of like Bengaluru, you will establish independent practice within a short time.”

“Yes sir, your first option is ruled out. The second option is fine. I cannot take such decision immediately in view of my family problems. But certainly, I will take bold step at an appropriate time.”

Sharad is working at the cost of his health for the sake of his family.

By the time their conversation was over, it was too late for sleep. They concluded their talk with good night.

__END__

