Friends Short Story – The Smart Girl

The Smart Girl

Photo credit: 

 from 

For a long time i m planning to write short story about a smart girl. I started this story as i meet that smart girl in my life. as of notifying about that smart girl she is my colleague in my college. Every time she appeared in front of me she attracted me a lot. Especially when i saw her with hands putting on her friend’s shoulder with a portion of her body leaning on her friend and straps of her sandels beneath her heels. As I am planning to write short story on such type of girl i am trying to meet her every time she appeared in front of me. but situations have overcame. At last i met her in canteen saying

“hello..! this is Bhargav and i m u r senior”.

She refused my conversation by saying. Next day i saw her in the town talking to stranger, i observed her actions but i could understand nothing. she turned around, as if she is looking for someone. she saw me and hurried towards me asking

“do u hav change for 500 rupees..?”

I opened my wallet showing a 500 hundred rupee note and 3 hundred rupee notes. without giving me a chance to talk she asked me a hundred rupee note and said that she will return the money next day in college and left even without saying thanks.

The next day i saw her out of my class, she came to me and returned my money.

I asked “why were you so hurried yesterday”.

She replied smoothly “i went to get some weed”.

“Oh my god…!” this is what i thought in my mind, but i managed to hide my surprise by giving a smile. We continued walking in silence.

i broke the silence by asking “how about a coffee…..?” she smiled and said yes.

we sat in in the college canteen and i ordered a coffee and said

“i wana write a story based on you, is that okay for you”.

she laughed at my words and saying “who i m to be written in a story, do u think i m a great person…….?”.

“yes you are really a great person”.

she continued her laugh and said “okay.! tell me what is so great in me…?”

“well i know only few about you”.

“oh.! only with those few u r calling me great……..?”

“of course yaar…! those few are very rare qualifications seen in girls”

“really….! what are those few.?”

“like not caring what others think of your habits and doing what ever you wana do, i think these lines are enough to say your great”

“splendid.! i know i m different from others in those aspects and after all this is life and i m living it”

“okay. what ever it is. i just want you to know that i m gonna write a story about you”

“hmm. permission granted” she said and continued “what is the title you gonna give to the story”.

“THE SMART GIRL”. i replied and left the spot.

__ENY__

