Friends Story – THE LAST DAY : Happiness, Sadness and Pain

Photo credit: 

 from 

That day I had mixed feeling of happiness and sadness. I was happy because a new opportunity was waiting for me and I was sad because for that new opportunity I had to leave my friends.

It was my last day in the school. I was a teaching there since one year. Everything was alright there but the only problem was low salary. So, I was trying to apply in other schools. Fortunately, I got appointed in a very prestigious school. I was the luckiest one among all the three candidates of the interview. That was first step of my success. I was very happy.

I was excited thinking that how will our principal react after knowing about my resignation. What will be the reaction of my friends, my staff members and students. But, at the same time, I was sad too. The main reason of my sadness was to leave my best friend. She was a very important part of my life. She always helped me, encouraged me, motivated me. She was my true friend. I was afraid thinking that how will I tell her about leaving that school. It would be hard for her to listen. I was going to leave her.

On next day of my appointment in the new school, I went to my old school to tell about my resignation. Everything was as usual there. After collecting courage, firstly, I told the whole story to my best friend. I knew it well that I was giving her very much pain. I even couldn’t imagine her pain. Tears came out of her eyes. She had only these words on her lips, “Please don’t go yaarrr, how will I live here without you,”. But I couldn’t stay there . I had to go. I was feeling myself as her culprit.

Then I handled resignation letter to principal mam. She was shocked. She herself understood the reason of my resign which was low salary. She congratulated me for my success and wished me luck. News spread rapidly in the whole school. My staff members started asking me about the interview etc. Teachers who never talked me, they were also wishing me for my success.

In spite of many restrictions, I was feeling very free that day. My friends tried to make my day memorable. But the only words I was listening again and again were the words of my bestie “Please don’t go”.

Day passed, peon rang the bell for eighth period.

My students were asking me, Mam, where are you going? Who will teach us at your place? Which class you will teach in your new school ? They never talked me so much but that day, they were talking very frankly. They were also forcing me to stay there. Even one boy got emotional and his eyes filled with tears.

I always felt that my students don’t like me because I scold them very much. But that day I felt their love for me.

 Few minutes were left, I called my bestie to tell her about attendance register, planner, cupboard etc. I was explaining her but instead of listening me, she was saying “Don’t go, don’t go”. She again became emotional. She was happy for my success but it was hard for her to live without me.

Finally, the time came when I had to leave. All the teachers and my friends gave me best wishes. At last, my bestie convinced herself and wished me luck.

I felt a little pain in my heart – the pain of separation.

I spent there one year and I didn’t want to stay there anymore.

It was my last day in that school, it left one question for me. We know it well that we don’t want to stay, then why do we feel the pain of separation?

–END–

