“Yeah man! I mean I want to talk to her but she just seems a little unapproachable” said Ronan

“If you want to talk to her then talk to her”  Roy replied, sounding uninterested

“You’re right! Its now or never” Ronan said as he saw Renna walking across the hallway. He quickly ran to the opposite railing, threw his banana peel and went over to her.

“Ronan! you can’t throw it just like that” Roy shouted after Ronan

“Hey Renna” Smiled Ronan

“yeah, hey Renna” smirked Roy from behind as Ronan glared at him

Renna stopped walking and turned “Hi”

“what ya doing?” asked Ronan

She stared at him for a second before replying “Shouldn’t it be obvious, school’s over so I’m going home”

“Yeah it should be obvious man” Interrupted Roy, earning another glare from Ronan

“Shut up dude” muttered Ronan “So anyway as I was saying would you like to have lunch?”

“Now? But I have to be home soon” Renna said, checking the time

“Oh! Its alright we could just grab something from the canteen if you like” Ronan said, although he looked cool and collected on the outside, on the inside he was anxious and excited at the same time

“I guess I still have some time for a bite” Renna shrugged

“Great! so lets go” Roy said excitedly

“Yeah no! we are going” Ronan said, emphasising on “we” and making Roy puff his cheeks

“Its okay, you can come” Renna said to Roy as he stuck his tongue out to Ronan and the three of them head towards the canteen

“So Ronan why the sudden plan for lun…” Renna started as they reach the canteen but slipped and fell on the floor. Both Ronan and Roy go still for a second and after recovering from the initial shock Roy starts laughing while Ronan quickly helps Renna up who then notices the banana peel on the floor.

“thanks Ronan but I don’t understand why would anyone throw the peel here when the bin is just two steps away” cried Renna, embarrassed

“So you’re Ronan, the one who threw the peel” said Raj, who was sitting on a nearby table and watching the whole incident with amusement when he notices Ronan go pale “While I could’ve just thrown the peel in the bin, this is much more fun”

“Just shut your mouth Raj” says Roy. Ronan clenches his fists in anger and starts marching towards Raj, but is stopped by Roy

“Why are you shutting him up. At least he told the truth” Renna says “one more thing Ronan, don’t ever talk to me again” as she exits the canteen leaving Ronan shocked

“Well that was something, so wanna eat?” Roy asks Ronan while he just glares at Roy and leaves the canteen

“What! What did I do?” Roy wonders, as he stares at his friends retreating back and gets himself some food.

–END–

