Short Story Friends – To my long lost friend…

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

It all changed when that devastating event happened. I lost everything which I valued the most during that time. The pain was immense. I assumed it was like hell because I lost everything at the same time. It took me a while to realise what the actual problem was and why I was dying inside, but I finally did. It was not because I lost everything at the same time but you were not beside me to say everything will be okay.

Yeah the other things mattered too but this was the most devastating thing that could happen to me at that exact point. Every story has two sides and ours too was not an exception. We both were a fault at sometime. I hoped as time moved on our friendship will mend itself but it didn’t.

There was hatred growing inside me day by day when I saw you smiling. I wished I could forget you and everything you taught me. But I couldn’t though. As months passed by I was successful in ignoring you. I started living my life myself making my own decisions not depending on anyone. I started to live by my values and principles which I liked. I lived my life happily with my new friends and acquaintances.

My life was like living my dream and you started fading away from my thoughts. Even though I see you mostly everyday, there was no hatred towards you because you were vanished from my thoughts. but that was until today, I heard from a friend that you were getting married which you used to say you never will, I thought I will not feel anything for the news I heard because you were no longer in my life. But to my surprise I was happy, to be exact I was overwhelmed. my eyes started to water. I wished I could hug you and cry on your shoulders and say I was happy for you. But I couldn’t.

I saw you in less than a minute and stood there just seeing you. I turned and walked away before you could see me. A smile was etched to my face. I realised one thing which I should have realised a long time ago. There is no end to a true friendship. We may not talk and exchange pleasantries and be with you all the time, but what we had was true. our friendship was true. And you may not realise it but I love you girl, you were one of the greatest things that happened to me in my life time. You taught me what friendship is and you and also taught me pain I have never experienced before. Thank you for everything my dear friend. What we had will never change.

–END–

