Friends Story – UNCERTAIN FATES…!!!

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was sitting on my pink couch which camouflage me dressed up in a pink t-shirt and I let my hair open like a water fall. I saw my mother walking towards me and suddenly the door opened again and the cold wind suddenly gusted through the room,rustling the papers on the desk,swirling the hair around my face. I was still in rage regarding my friends who didnt wished me a happy birthday yet and the clock was just going to click the next 12 am.

I swallowed my despondency but my sullen face attracted my very charming mother who was going to bed and was wearing a t-shirt too and advised me to take some rest. I was tongue tied and my mother’s questions were shooting an arrow through my heart, my brain started bumping out of my head but I was still emboldened that my very charming, close friends would wish me, stun me with a surprise but actually I knew that it was too late to expect anything.

Suddenly the bell rang and after a while I was engraved by all my memories secured until now with my magnanimous friends who were very ardent about everything regarded me.The very first eye contact with Wadiqa, my bitterest enemy anyone could ever have in an age of 10, was probably awful but we continued that annoying and bilious eye contact. After passing 3 years in misunderstanding, although we were not in same section but the very next door was leading me to her. I became  choleric whenever I saw her but I knew it was childish too.

After three years we met when we together joined O,levels stream.There was another girl Abeera,who was THE BEAUTY QUEEN,and yes she was alluring. So at the very beginning we were at daggors dawn and we spent a cat and dog life but with the passage of time I recognized the true Wadiqa,the charming,the supporter and obviously my first secret keeper!Our friendship took many turns but at last God made three of us the BEST friends..and I soon found myself etched to them like a cat to its mouse.

There were very jeering faces in the class but I wrangled with all those with the true help of my friends .My hope was lost somewhere to talk because I had a problem to stammer that always made me loose confidence at great occasions and made me an appealing bleak but with their support I not only recognized true friends,I recognized the real me,the talent hidden in me.Then I was a person whose aims were not paralyzed by the fear of consequences. I felt a wonderful sense of warmth and invigoration with every passing day.Actually my imagination of spending a day in jubilance came true.

Our every next coming day was full of excitements and many charming activities. We had extravagant plans together, parties together and enjoyed every moment, and they actually made every day perky.They supported me in every field, in every difficulty and in every happiness that was probably always revolving round them,they made themselves happy too. They always lived in my good books and I started to build castles in air because I was happy,I was happy for every passing moment that was lived for them,For my friends..!!!

That bell ring was the most annoying and disliked bell ever as they were the signal to the dead bodies of my Friends.That news gripped my heart and it started rolling against my chest as it was a roller coaster. It thudded, stuttered and then picked up again. An incurable sensation filled my entire being. I had to pick the corpses of those who were my half souls.

I was drunk with grief and a thrill of genuine fear raised hair on my arms. But I had to console myself. After their funeral I met Their parents who told me that they were coming to me for a complete birthday surprise arranged in a lawn nearby my house.

So there I was standing still in their beautifully flowered lawn in flamboyant colours but nothing seemed to inspire me or seemed alluring. It was regretful for me to have a feeling of killed my friends and that one regret always keep piercing inside my body. My agony and bereavement is not clear as an open book but its me who had jumbled it all inside my broken heart to face the world for the sake of those who gave me the courage to do so.

So here I am again alone and I believe in thr uncertainty Of the fates that make you smile, make you gloomy.Yes now once again I am alone waiting for a miracle to change my uncharmful life….!!!!

__END__

