JNVCC, our school, is heaven for us. majority students here are from rural areas around the district. Students of V standard take an entrance test to get admission. I joined in 2005 and left in 2012. These 7 years are so memorable for me. I met lot of friends and still in touch with them. But, one guy is legend of all.

Sukesh, my friend and a distant relative. a very long distant. We both classmates for 7 years. Sukesh’s tenure at school was very adventurous. the reason being, our school is in a forest area. Out of 50 acres 30 acres’ forest. Snakes found everywhere. This guy’s was very mischievous. He used to go the forest for fruits and sometimes cook something there. At times, the principal first enquires him if something mischievous happened, whether he involved or not.

Sukesh is a great storyteller. whenever power’s gone, we surround him and listens to his stories. One such night, we had a discussion about “The Taste of Alcohol”. Sukesh told he knows the taste. We laughed at him. Although, we knew about his capabilities, we still had a doubt because he was just 12. Then he started telling about his first experience.

Sukesh spent most of his childhood (till 7) spent at his grandmother’s house. His grandfather used to drink ‘Sarai’. Sarai- is pure form of alcohol made in villages. Whenever his grandfather drinks Sukesh used to go with a tumbler in hand. His grandfather used pour in small amounts. None of the other family members knows about it. One day his grandfather asked him to bring Sarai from the shop nearby.

His grandfather enquired whether he knows the shop or not. He told “I know.” and went to shop.

Two hours passed, he didn’t return. His tensed grandmother went to shop hurriedly. She enquired shopkeeper, he told that Sukesh took the parcel and returned back. His grandmother started shivering, someone came and told that Sukesh was lying on the school ground. His grandmother ran to the school.

Sukesh woken up on the next day, after a nice beating from grandmother he told he drunk.

She asked “when did you started?”.

“Last month.” he told.

“who made you to?”.

“Grandfather.” he told.

She turned toward his grandfather.

“You idiot, it was water that i gave it to you every day.” grandfather replied, in a sarcastic voice. Everyone laughed.

So, that’s how our Sukesh got to know about The Taste of Alcohol.

—-The END—-

