Friends Short Story – THE LAST CONFESSION

Photo credit: 

 from 

” I am not well educated, but the deity has graced me with some different thoughts not present at all in my family members and in my locality. I am a fisherman from birth, but my ancestors struggle and hard labour has made me to own the biggest fish-shop of my city. Hundreds of fishermen work for me. I am fond of animals, fishes and speechless creatures with a dilemma that I involve myself in killing of fishes and then make money. My responsibilities towards my family and respect for my ancestors make me helpless; otherwise I would have left this business many years ago.

Lack of proper education and large unemployment spread in our country are other factors that have made me stuck with this business. Sometimes, I feel elated while interacting with good and educated people who often come to my shop. Along with money, I also gain some intellectual knowledge from these people. The sight of fishes getting killed really makes me feel low.

‘ IF ANYONE IS WEAK, THEN CRUSH IT IF ITS END ADDS ANYTHING IN SATISFYING YOUR NEED’

It seems that we all are following this principle. We may have to face consequences when someone stronger than us will rise against us while protecting the weaker species including fishes too. Few months ago, I met with Mukul Sharma. He was a nice guy and regular customer of my shop. We became close friends very soon and used to share lot of personal matters. He worked here in Mangalore in a multinational company as the project manager. Mr and Mrs Sharma celebrated there 1st navratra here.

I still remember the day, when after the end of durga-pooja Mukul came to my shop for inviting me and also purchased fishes for the party. He was recently promoted and was throwing a small party to his close friends including me. I was excited for eating the delicious fish-curry prepared by Tanya (Mrs Sharma).She had got an Excellency in cooking. Mukul and Tanya were one of the best married couples. Both respected each other’s feeling and compelled other married couples to feel jealous of their perfect life. He was perfectly balancing his personal and professional life.

Shreya was also invited in the dinner by Mukul. She worked under him in the company and was one of his best friends. She was really a beauty, with which everyone around would like to be attached and adore the deity’s finest gift to her. People were crazy about her and were ready to do anything just for being in the realm of her essence for a long duration. She also accompanied intelligence of good level with her. Her good work and simplicity influenced Mukul too and very soon they became good friends. Tanya was fond of Shreya too and they were very good friends. Tanya’s love filled food enhanced the essence of the dinner at such a high level in the party that we had no words left in praising her. The evening became more special to us when Tanya announced that she was going to be a proud mother very soon. It was one of the best moments of Mukul’s life and he wanted to live each and every part of that moment. We did fun for hours after the dinner. Few days later Mukul and Tanya went to Dubai for enjoying holidays.

I had never expected that it was the last time I was going to meet the Sharmas when I went to see-off them at the airport with Shreya. They lost their lives in a plane crash along with 158 passengers while returning to Mangalore near the airport. The news was a shock for many houses of this city. I broke in tatters after the incident. I had lost my best friend who gave me a place in his pure heart and today my heart was feeling the absence of its real pal. Shreya was completely broken and after few days she left the city along with the job.

Today after a span of 1 month, many people have forgotten the incident. I have lost contact with Shreya too. But, I feel unable to forget Mukul. Their happy faces always haunt me in my dream, making me restless all the time. I still don’t know what made these 158 people and their families to suffer without their fault. Does the super powerful nature that created us along with the other species have started to take revenge with us in consequence of what we did to its weaker children? I don’t know exactly what is happening. But these thoughts have forged a fear inside me which haunts me even during my sleep. Even my lungs fear while accepting the oxygen necessary for my survival. My soul makes me responsible in the death of Mukul and other people as a consequence of my involvement in killing fishes. My images in the mirror are commanding me to suffer alone and save other innocent people from the consequences in the coming future.

Finally today, I have decided that I must suffer, must suffer alone……………………………..”.

__END__

