Love Short Story – Summer Heat

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

The summer of  this year my life changed from being crazy to chaotic.

You see my mother decided that she wanted me home.

After sending earlier to boarding school then intended because she wanted me clean up my act.

By my act it doesn’t mean I was a bad kid.

Don’t think that. I bet you are already right!.

It’s far from it. I am the perfect child.

Well I thought so anyways.

I got perfect A’s and I never had been in trouble.

But I wasn’t social enough for my mothers taste.

You see my mother is the opposite of me.

I am not talking about looks.

 

In that we are actually similar in a few things.

Like we both had dark brown hair and we both owned hazel eyes.

I also posses her small pink lips and my dad’s button nose.

Another thing that I owned was my dad’s personality.

I was quiet and a thinker not a doer.

That was the problem.

Not to me of course but to my perky mother.

Miss socialite. Of course she had a fantastic job. Its my mother we are talking about people.

Nothing tainted her she was ace at everything.

You see my mother was a Journalist.

Full of opinions to give.

Yes she is smart but she screams charisma too.

Also don’t forget my mother is gorgeous.

Classic beauty with Brain.

Everywhere we go men would look at her with passion in their eyes. They would undress my mother with her eyes and she wasn’t even aware well thats what I like to believe.

They wouldn’t even glance at me.

You see next to my mother I was invisible to men.

Don’t get me wrong.

I have no problem with that you see.

That means no one would bother me. Or I wouldn’ t need to fend off man with a stick.

I had enough problems.

But I too wanted a man to hold me to cuddle me and to give me warmth of affection.

Girls at my school  would tell me that I needed to ” Bone a man” whatever that meant.

Even the guys at my school would admire my mum from out far.   They would shout to my mother ” MILF” apparently it meant something along the lines of Mother I would Like to F**k.

They wouldn’t even notice me either.

I was plain to them.

My dad was a science university professor.

He was just as beautiful and smart as my mother.

But he wasn’t as out there as my mother.

He was quiet.

I did tell you he was like me didn’t I?

 

I could talk about all sorts of things with him.

He understood me and I was his little beautiful “ Carlita”.

Oh I forgot to say my name is Carla Wellington.

No I am not apart of a Royal family.

Many people think so because of my last name. Do not be mistaken.

Yes my mother had a high paying job and so did my father but they worked hard for it.

My father the child of a nurse and a doctor they had six kids and he was the middle child.

While my mother was the single child of a Surgeon and an Airhostess.

How did my parents meet?

Their fathers happened to work in the same hospital and they kept bumping into each other. Finally after too many papers and drinks being spilled they went on a date.

Beautiful story right? Well I think so anyways.

People would sometimes ask me if I was a product of another men with my mother.

Or if I was adopted and sometimes I think I was.

I would feel offended if I didn’t.

Right this is going off track back to my summer this year.

Yes my mother was different.

How different she thought that if I lost my virginity I wouldn’t suddenly become like her.

Crazy right?!

You don’t even know half of it.

So one day I get home and there he was.

Jeremy Coleman the class president.

Not only that he was the most popular guy and he was dreamy too.

Question raised into my eyes.

First was why was he so hot?

His baby blue eyes looked at me with determination and he had this sexy grin.

Enough to make my knees weak. Or to make me weak enough to nearly trip over my laces.

My face turned red.

I looked down my trainers had been undone.

I kneeled down and tied them.

My gaze didn’t even consider meeting with his once again.

Because of embarrassment.

My mother groaned my name.

“ Carla darling you must be careful” she whined.

I rolled my eyes back.

“ I know mother” I said and walked closer to them.

“What is he doing here” I questioned.

Why shouldn’t I?

Yes Jeremy was hot and all but he had no business here.

What was my mother up to?

“Don’t be rude, Jeremy came to study with you” my mother said with a glint of mischief in her eyes.

Now I was definitely scared.

“ Don’t worry Miss Wellington I can handle myself with your daughter” he said with his sexy a*s grin still implanted.

Damn his grin it kept making me weak. You see I had been crushing on him all summer.

He was all I could talk about on the phone with my best friend Tom.

Tom was a nice guy in the inside and a bad guy on the outside he was also another one of those hot guy in our school.

You see all the girls hated me for hanging around with him. They kept saying that I was keeping him to myself.

Which was wrong because we did nothing but talk and study together.

What did we talk about well everything. Okay I talked mostly about my mother and him about his crazy father.

Tom had this look about him sometimes that made me feel all mushy inside.

I wouldn’t go there of course but he was beautiful.

He owns a slick black hair but one single piece of hair always seemed to dangle right in front of his eyes plus he had grey eyes that twinkled.

He had a scar next to his neck.

A bike accident when he was sixteen apparently it wasn’t long enough to be a big scar but it wasn’t small either.

Tom owned a great body, as once when we went swimming and he was in his boxers I got to view of his six packs upfront.

I had drooled so badly that I needed to turn around to wipe it off.

Now back to the story.

***

To be continued…..

