Love Short Story – Somethings…..Beyond Love

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It is said when a girl and guy sharing good understanding its not friendship…its those four words. There are many things between boy and girl beyond those four words called LOVE…well! I always believe that there is a space in Girl friend and Girlfriend…in fact you always like to be in touch with a person who is giving you a space in general life and that space makes any relationship breath lasts long…..but what if we don’t realize this space…

So many questions are travelling around my 3gm of heavy weight random access memory, people called it mind……

 But I don’t have mind…

 I never believe in end because there is no such thing as end……so how come will I think of losing the things. It’s a dark room with loneliness and sweet smile on my face….

 The red light of my phone is blinking….

 “Sorry but it’s better to say bye…it’s good for you and me too”…she slapped in words.

 And the story ends……

 I am blanked clueless…because it is something which I admired most…something for the first time in my life, I am what I am in front of a girl…because I respect her…that is my loop hole.

 Is it so easy to break a bond in one go although it takes so much time to make it….a bond which at times is even more stronger and strengthener than fevicol bond. It’s hard to swallow but I have to because it’s her wish. She had already made her mind and took the conclusion whereas me……

 I was thinking…

 Why I always had glue on my mouth….?

 Why I always cared for others…..?

“Hi, I am Raghav…”I introduced myself her

 “Hi, I am Shreya” she replied….

 That’s how the story begins but every story doesn’t belongs to an end and the best part of my kind of version is that I never wanted to hurt anyone so I took all cheap arrows over me as i was used to of it. I met her during my training sessions of 3 months and even I never knew how she became my friend and then the best friend whom I share my secrets…daily chaos…girls…parties everything.

 And she also shares and let answers to all my questions every time.

She had deep beautiful brown eyes with beautiful innocent mind that’s her magic which attracts anyone towards her. She is different that’s her magic. The conspiracy of cupid elements happened with me and I started it off very well. I started helping out her in every assignment as I have been through to that phase already but girls were never be my cup of tea. It all happened with cherishing moments that we came closer to each other and with the phase of time. I thought to make her fall in love I should make her happy as she looks adorable and sweet when she smiles and she smiles when she was happy.

 My cupid conspiracy deceived me badly when I saw her eyes tears and a gentleman came out of me who anticipating for her happiness without any expectation in return. It was a instant change that I never expected with myself…

On my last day of training I gave her a souvenir of my friendship so that she remembers me…..

I was lying on my bed and memories were all around my mind….suddenly my phone beeped with blue light..

 “Thanks for all your help and I missed all the things that made me smiled all the times. The souvenir you gave me always motivates me towards growth and in return I promise you to be in touch for ever… ”

 That’s the magic moment for me…the changed me.

I came out of my dreams into the hell of reality.Its been 10 days since I contacted her, I thought I should at least let her know everything…the truth so I gave her ring…she didn’t picked. It’s all about the perceptions I called her so that I will convey the real things as I was hoping may be she understands but I was wrong. She is so close yet so far and no reason to stay is always good reason to leave.

Again I dwelled into the memories, the misunderstandings that were created by me by being a gentleman always.I thought as I was leaving there should be a thread which would connect us and that was my dear chap Aniket and somehow it proved a beautiful thought for me and worst nightmare I ever saw.

I wanted a group of friends and as I believed so much Aniket that I never imagine what was going in his mind…. I made them friends and always tried to keep everyone into a group.

With the passage of time he made his connection closer to her and simultaneously on the other side of coin it started fights on little things between us(Shreya & Me). He always tried to show me that he was only doing this because of me.

One day we met for day outing and I felt he was trying to show me something else….we dropped her near to her home and he insist me to spent night at his home.

“Did you really like her???…i mean you are not looking serious now…”he inquired

“Why are you asking me this question again and again now days…?”I replied

“I feel she is really a good girl….and its been so many months…people are in queue for her..

Let them try too…”he said, smiled and continued..

“it’s you just for this I am saying this….you are a good person and I feel you really like her so now its time to show it to her……atleast we got to know whether she has same feeling or not”he completed

There were several volcanoes curdled and about to blast over my mind but I kept myself cool and I replied…

“I like her very much…if I cared her…I wanted her always happy…if I prefer her to share my things with someone…if this is liking…Yes I like her….what’s there in telling her”

I knew what was going in his mind by the time…..why he is always hiding her messages with me and wanted a screenshots of her messages in the name of friendship…why he always talking about her…why he always inquiring me whether I was talking to her…..why he always says she is a diplomatic girl….why he let me out of his home when talking to a mysterious girl…everything is crystal clear.

He told her that last night we had some discussion and Raghav told me that he likes you ……and doing this was so safe that it creates a trust on girl as well as it shows the care for his friend too…

She took a step and decided to quit with a person who always stand besides her in tough times and behaving abruptly….I guess the reason and even I told her the same without telling her Aniket’s part as its beyond my perception and I thought as if she has some care for my friendship but I was wrong….neither she nor he cared.

When I let everything in front of him he told me it’s a small thing it happens to me in every third day…go ahead..

 I questioned him Will you go ahead…..and quit this meaningless friendship there with him.

I have already done so many efforts to tell her the truth but everytime I gained strength I thought whether she will believe or not as she is not the same Shreya I met with…I wanted to be friend with her and all I wanted her to be happy always.

“Hellllo…..are you lonely…well I am here to be your friend”…lusty voice came to my ear via my television as its already late hours of night to think something wild.. I smiled again…

I made my mind and decided to keep my way away from both of them because somethings are beyond love…. It is not easy to understand.

__END__

