Love Short Story – TWO WRONG MAKES ONE RIGHT

Photo credit: 

 from 

A teenage studying in last year of mechanical engineering living in hostel has 2 roomies, trio was the best group to hang out with. Kush and Ankit the best buddies, eventually falls in love with same girl called  Shrishti  ,but both are totally unaware that the girl is same.

Later kush gets placed in an international company at canada as intern, during that phase he comes across the girl called Honey who was the friend of  Shrishti  from another university,she falls in love with with kush, but she was afraid to confess it.

Later after six months of their internship kush returns back to India. Obviously he was dying to meet Ankit . Ankit received him at airport and made their way back to kush’s place. After some causual talks kush asks ankit about his love life in teasing tone. Ankit on serious note tells him everything about he and  Shrishti are dating and planning to get married in near future. Kush again confirms about her, and learns from ankit that she was the one whom he loved. The misunderstanding which occurred during college time dissolves into a huge rivalry. Ankit wants him to explain and clear out the misunderstandings but kush don’t find it necessary.

After a month when ankit gets calm he calls Kush to meet over a coffee shop where they usually hang out. He asks ankit to come down there with his girlfriend. Ankit clears everything with kush, and kush finds that it was just a mere attraction  towards shrishti and ask for forgiveness. Obviously kush was bit upset, but he wants his friends remain happy.

Later on honey(friend of shrishti)  comes there, as shrishti called her to join them. Kush gets surprised rather shocked when he saw honey there, shrishti has smelled about honey loving kush,and makes efforts to make them together. Misunderstandings has been cleared out,and they wanted to celebrate that moment.

After couple of days kush invites ankit to his place to spend some quality time with him. Here they decides about their future, and finally takes the decision that ankit and shrishti should get engaged and and get married in near future. As shrishti has smelled about honey loving kush, she makes efforts to brings kush and honey together during their engagement preparations, and she even succeed in it.

Now their 

 

 

 makes their life much more  happier and better than before and lived happily thereafter.

__END__

