Love Short Story – True Love

Love Short Story – True Love

I was lying on the sofa in the living room when I heard foot steps. I did not move inside the house much. The living room sofa and Amit’s overcoat had become my all time refuge. It was Amit who had come. Even without seeing him I could identify. The soft fall of his feet, fearing he would wake me was one of the innumerable ways he gently revealed his love for me. I had covered myself with his overcoat. He had given it to me on a cold day and I always took refuge in its warmth.

“Hey, Rani, you don’t have to come. I can take care of myself,” he looked at me and Patted my shoulders.

Looking into my eyes, he understood that I didn’t want to be reminded of my inability. I usually rush up to the fridge to open the door. I limped to the fridge.

“Ok, then, if you wish,” he assented.

I opened the door of the fridge painfully slowly and he took his favourite fresh juice. He was a teetotaller. I had never seen him touch hot drinks. He sat on the sofa and I sat beside him. We huddled together and he switched on the TV. This was our routine. Pretty much simple and boring it was, perhaps for him. But for me this was the most exciting time I looked forward to, everyday.

Nowadays I found a kind of gloom enveloping him. Was it because of me? I wondered.

Ever since I had that terrible accident, I had become a burden for him, no doubt. I wanted to do things for him, but couldn’t. He took care of himself and me too. He never complained – never ever got impatient with me.

I was just crossing the road and Amit was watching me from the balcony. I did hurry to him, but was watchful of the road all the same. It was a speeding car that hit me. I blacked out in terrible pain and when I opened my eyes I was in a strange place with an unknown person staring at me. I was startled , naturally, but Amit bent to me and talked some soothing words. I fell asleep. This sleeping and getting up to see new people and Amit consoling me went on for some time. Then my waking hours became more and I was wheeled out.

My legs took a long time to heal. Then the painful process of learning to walk once again started. Amit spent long hours with me. I should say I got better sooner due to Amit’s tender care. I owe my life to him.

So when I happened to see him not so happy, I wanted to do anything to make him happy. I knew Amit had tenderness for a girl in the neighbourhood. Instinctively I knew I was the cause for the girl’s indifference towards him. In my presence they had met a couple of times in the past, but on those occasions, though Amit introduced me, she had refused to acknowledge my presence there. Her eyes told me that she didn’t really like me, though I liked her. I could sense it.

And now I got involved in the accident and Amit didn’t have time for anyone except me. You might wonder about our relationship. It is purely platonic , my dears, purely platonic. I lived in the same neighbourhood with my mother and quite suddenly I became a destitute after my mother’s death. Amit braved all the social taboos and took me into his home. I thought I would serve him; now it’s the other way round.

Amit went to the telephone table and dialled a number. Hi face brightened a bit. I didn’t want to eves drop and so kept myself at a respectful distance. After sometime his face became animated and he became unsually active. He put things here and there, arranged a few things and hid some of the unsightly things. I didn’t want to get in his way and so went to the sofa and tha overcoat.

Presently the door bell rang and I was surprised to see the girl for whom Amit had a soft corner. She eyed me and sat as far away from me as possible.

“If Rani is the problem, I can explain it all,” Amit ventured. “No, it’s not that, actually,” she said and turned towards me. I did not know what to do.

“I talked to your mother the other day and she said I would make a good son-in -law, would suit you and she had also enquired about me in the neighbourhood; but the decision is up to you. If you worry about Rani, I assure you, she will get along with you well.”

“No, the problem is not with Rani. It is with me. I do not know if you will love me if I tell you this. I was the one who hit Rani and sped away fearing a scene. I could not bring myself to tell you this. Now I have mustered enough courage to reveal my guilt which has been giving me sleepless nights.”

She cried softly. She came to me and hugged me tenderly.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she sobbed.

I felt awkward. I slithered from the sofa and stood up.

I lifted my front leg to give her a hand shake as Amit had taught me. But my my other three legs were wobbly from the accident. I softly whined. Amit brought the dog biscuits, my favourits brand and she brought my plate. She put the biscuits in the plate and stroked my head while I was eating. She said softly,

“I wasn’t a dog lover of course, previously, but now I love you Rani and I love you Amit,” while Amit held her hands.

True love triumphs, after all!

__END__

