Misunderstood Friendship – Short Story on Friendship between Boy and Girl

Short Story on Friendship between Boy and Girl – Misunderstood Friendship

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was in the middle of a wedding getting bored when she received her bestfriend’s call. She answered it thinking it was a routine call and it would spare her from getting bored meeting the relatives she never knew existed. But the news that he gave left her in shock and pain. Vivek informed her that her friend Anuj died in a bike accident 2 days back and Vivek came to know it now and called her asap. He died on the spot.

Diya was blank…

The smile on the happy faces of the newly wedded couple and their family members dint affect her anymore. She was lost in her thoughts of seeing him at the bus stop of Satyam college. She was going back home and had one day noticed him someday suddenly. He was alone and had an expression somewhere between carelessness and attitude. He was content within himself. Then she noticed he took the same bus and got down just a stop before hers. Next she knew she used to see him daily at the bus stop. She kind of started enjoying her ride from the bus stop to her home looking at him. It wasn’t attraction neither infatuation  it was just some goodness to her eyes. He was kind of cute in a different way. After a few weeks she saw a common friend talking to her and to her luck the friend noticed her standing alone and also introduced the two of them and then started a new friendship. She did not have any other intention or feelings except that she enjoyed Anuj’s company. They started going home together and she actually forced him to sit for lectures. Anuj liked her company too and the sole reason for that was because she was a complete tom boy. Never behaved like a girl psychologically. He could be himself when with her. He could abuse normally, smoke to his heart’s content and also they checked out other girls together in the canteen. Gradually all his male friends started linking them together but he would only reply that she already likes someone else… which was the truth. she did like someone else.

All the way back to her home from the wedding she was quite.

She wept herself to sleep thinking about all the time spent with Anuj. She had so much to tell him. He was one of the person who never let her cry in his company even if the agenda of their meet was that she wanted to cry. He had a tendency to get out of touch for months at a stretch which irritated her a lot after she changed college. But she kept meeting him. The 2 things peculiar about Anuj were that he was the 1

 guys to keep a lip balm with him and that was the secret to his temptingly pink lips which Diya complimented him many times for and other thing was he would never sit on a ladies seat in the bus. All her memories of him have only been sweet. He liked her company and there might have been a possible relation sometime if life had planned it but for now she missed him badly and wanted to tell him many things.

Her memories of him always had the brightest smile on his face.

The next day even though she was not allowed to call at his home. She called spoke to his sister and requested for a picture of his so that she could always cherish it.

For the world Diya and Anuj where probably a couple although they were never really one. Even his sister thought that they were in love when Diya called for a picture. But to Diya Anuj will always be a friend who always made her smile and with whom she was herself without any masks on.

Even afters year of his death she still remembers him when she travels by bus or visits the places they had been together.

__END__

