Three friends Idhant, Suprit, and Kovidh come from a town to a city. They are moderately educated and were on gutsy job hunting.

Idhant secured job as a salesperson in a Hardware company. Suprit acquired a job of mechanic in a machinery store and Kovidh joined as a receptionist in a hospital.

Three friends were very happy at their work. Six months passed.

As a receptionist Kovidh is doing well. He does his duty accordingly, sending the patients in a serial order for diagnosis into the doctor’s waiting room. However, in an emergency he ignores the rule. Thus he manages the patience of waiting list to sit in the hall until their turn.

Everything is going well. One day, one of the patients was out of patience. He is tall and lean man, came from nearby village. For him, everything has to happen in a fraction of seconds. He could not wait till his turn. He keeps walking to and fro near the door. Few of the other patients too were standing along with him. Kovidh requested him and all the patients to be seated.

Then after a few minutes the same scenario is being repeated. The tall man once again stood still in front of the doctor’s waiting room. Likewise bunch of people were standing around him, smiling and having fun. The short tempered Kovidh lost his patience and shouts at him.

“How long do you wish to stand? Can’t you sit and wait for your turn?”Kovidh bursts.

“Oh! What matters you, when I stand on my own legs? Does it ache your legs?” the tall man verbalized.

Kovidh stood dumbstruck with the stupidity of the man.

“What a strange man? Why do these people never change?” Kovidh felt edgy.

Spending the life amid the narrow minded patients was troublesome for Kovidh. He could not exist in that job further.

Kovidh met his friend Idhant. Idhant’s goodwill fetched him as a salesperson in the same hardware company.  Customers get in, select the required tool and purchases them, a very simple job what Kovidh sensed. He felt quite fine and comfortable for few days.

On a sunny afternoon an old lady enters the shop.

“Hello sir! Can I get that tool which can fasten and unfastened the compression straps of an easy chair?”

“Madam! I did not get you?”

“I need some tool. Can you show me the varieties?”

“Oh! Madam why do you come without the knowledge of the tool?” Kovidh feels irritated.

“How come you are the salesperson without having the art of listening towards the customers?” She complains.

It turned the head of Kovidh.

Idhant receives the old lady.

“Dear Madam! For not using the easy chair for few months it might have gotten rusted. First you need to oil the screws to free the rust and then use the required tool that easies you to fold and unfold the chair”. Idhant gives her two types of tools after learning about the features of easy chair.

The lady leaves the store being pleased by the good gesture of Idhant.

Kovidh just stood there with a blank look on his face staring at his friend.

“One should have patience to listen to the customers. Understand their problem to help them. That makes the business”. Idanth counsels Kovidh.

Idhant was promoted to higher position for his soft skill.

Kovidh is not content with that job and approaches another friend Suprit.

With the permission of his boss Suprit hired kovidh as a mechanic in the shop. For every minor repairs he has to confiscate every pair and assemble them again. It is a test for Kovidh’s patience.

Kovidh was totally immersed in his repairing work.

“Excuse me sir!”

“Yes! What’s the problem?” says Kovidh.

“Well, yes. I bought this tape recorder from your shop. Something has gone wrong with it”.

“Well, sir. I’m afraid there isn’t much we can do about it. The warrantee period is over” says Kovidh

The customer felt totally disappointed. There is a loss of customer to the shop.

“Yes, sir can I help you?” arrives Suprit.

“This tape recorder has stopped working. As I bought it from this shop, I thought I could get it repaired here” exclaims the customer.

“Certainly,Sir. I suggest that you leave it with us and we’ll see what can be done” Suprith receives the customer.

“Thank you very much” leaves the customer with a smile.

Suprith was promoted for higher position in the company. Fickle minded Kovidh could not exist even in this job too.

One may disown totally any responsibility or one may attend to a complaint with concern.

Kovidh seems fazed by his failures on very opportunity of his career even after his friends shouldered him in needy situations.

Both the other friends’ career has been on an upswing. They threw a party to Kovidh in a restaurant.

Haroon, a steward in the restaurant receives them in a disciplinary manner. Later he takes order from these three friends. They are made to wait for few minutes.

In meanwhile, people of other table complain the steward of late delivery of the ordered food or for bad quality of food, bad service and different expressions of the customers. He received every comment positively with a smile.

The three friends learnt that Haroon is a very well educated man and above all knows how to deal with the customers. Haroon has done his education in hotel management. His growing up years was very challenging and so utilized the earliest opportunity in his career. He loved to receive the compliments with a smile which adds for his progress.

Kovidh released that Life wouldn’t be the way one wished it to be.

“Every profession has subtleties. Dealing with complaints requires patience and that keeps others around you and you will be the winner” expresses the friends.

Kovidh felt the need to pay heed to the words of his friends. With courage he considered his imperfections.

Later three friends together opened a small scale industry. They worked hard unitedly and progressed in their business. They also helped many people homeless and lack of food. Moreover they had a wonderful freedom about their work.

–END–

Moral:  Obstacles are hindered in every profession. Learn to receive them with a simple smile.

