Story of three girls who had with the same Birthday

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Hey! Good evening mom.

 

konbanwa mama. (no answer)

 

Ma? Are you there?

 

Mama…. ma.. ma……?  Running to the kitchen..

 

ma.. ma.. ma.. noooo..ma ( screamed up)

 

What happened? She saw her mother lying on the floor with no sign of life. With a blood flowing on the floor and she almost swim in her own blood.

Ma! Wake up please, please mom. I got something for you, Ma look at, This is an invitation card. This is belong to you. It’s from our vice principal inviting you to attend the graduation meeting. Mom. I’ve got valedictorian place. Trying her hardest to bring her mom into life. But whatever she trying to talk to her mom still there is no sign of answer from the women.

Mom! Please you can’t leave me like this. I still need you. (Scream and shout)

Mom….(Crying, screaming)

 

With 5″6 height and 49 kg weight, haft Japanese and haft Filipina. Graduated of Law. She was a very sample woman, she likes to draw, to design Ring, and love to read murder mysteries, well because of her job may be, she used to love it. Take photos, and she love to solve the problems of her best friends. Her father dies when she was a little. In addition, she grow up in a small town in Japan with her grandpa and her strict auntie. At her young age, she used to train as a_______________? But this one was… was….. Well, she was perfectionist with an unfriendly attitude.

 

Personal Life:  Mysterious, Private, and Living in a busy life.

 

 

Excuse me… Excuse me…

 

Ah,… shit! What the hell? hey you! How could you do that?

 

Awe! I’m, I’m so sorry miss, I did not mean to do that! Sincerely apologized from the young man,

 

Well, you are n___o _t when she look at the guy,,,( shocking)

Its ok With an amazing face, Oh my god..! Oh my god he’s so handsome a word came from her mouth. They are coming, peoples are yelling when they see their love one just arrived. But the girl,

Yeah,

Yeah

Wait may I know your ________n___ame?  But she heard, hey! Honey Mathew. Oh.. I gonna go, the man has said. Jest? I miss you so much. I miss you more the girl has reply. Have you bring our kids? No!  I let them wait at home. Ahh OHH he’s dad? She said under her breath. While her still in shock she heard a voice calling her name nearby.

 

hey Rachelle.. waiting for me? Shercy screaming..

ohh! I’ll almost forget. Shercy.. nice you to be back.. the friends hugging each other.

 

100%  Filipina, graduate of psychiatric .She was at least 5”4 Tall and she was quit thin, her skin color was brown but her face was that of a goddess, she had a perfect nose, she loved to shop, buy shoes. Rachelle live with her step mom, half brother and sister and her father Mr. Plamar. she is the youngest in the Family, Rachelle never ever seen her real Mother. She does not know her real mom name even. But even though she love her mom so much. She so beautiful, Astonishing everyone thought.

 

Oh ! wait.? where’s R.O or  ro?

On the other hand. Everyone catch her..! and bring  her  to me with  lifeless.

 

HEY STOP ..! STOP running fucking girl. bleeh …! catch me if you can .. The girl has shouted with a Labor breath. A nowhere road pursuing a young woman because she slapped their big boss. Tired feeling she seemed to destruct the world for her. The woman still continues running, gasping and do not know where she should hide from the pursuers. That was ro./R.O

Graduated with the bachelor Degree of Criminology.  About 5″7 tall with a weigh of 50kg. She is the 6th child in her family she had 13 sibling. But they live together with a Harmonious Relationship. She love to Travel, Outing, but there was something about to her that made  everyone say  “YES”  ordinary dress look as though it were grateful to be worm by this divine creature. She love to sing out of nowhere, and with a broken glass voice.

 

 

 

Playback to the year of 2000.

 

It had all started with that nearby cashier at the registrar office of the high school (grade 7) where they studied, his name was Stan. about 50 + year old.

 

Sit over there and complete filling your form the old man has said to R.O. R.O could see that he loved having the power to make people wait. With the fake smile she took the form and turned around, there were a lot of people standing, sitting between her. But when she turned her head on the left corner of the bench were two of the most extraordinary girls sitting R.O had ever seen. Slowly she walk toward the bench and sat beside them. The two young women paid no attention. When she about to fill up her form, before she realized that she don’t had a pen. She left her pen at home. Excuse me? R.O said slowly. Do either of you had a pen I could borrow? There was no reply from either of the two. Great! She said under her breath what did I expect, brains behind beauty. However, the women beside her did hear. Either of you can understand my language? She ask again, One women said I can understand a bit. But before R.o could say a word she felt the one on the other side turning. Can’t understand, can’t write, can’t read the one women had stress. While Rodel Ann is still in shock. She heard the laughter of the women just next to her after saying the words. Rachele, she stretched her hand around Rodel Ann to shake and she is, is? We’re not friend, actually. Both of you are not together? Well, anyway Osmenia, Rodel Ann. R.O for short, do the same.

Wow!

Such a nice name, Rodel? really?

Sound man Right? Well, that was my parents gave to me and how about you girl? R.O turn her head to the lady just beside them. Excuse me? Are you talking to me?

No! I asking the tree, the seat rather. kidding! while R.O still be talking the girl has left them.

 

hey! hey..! Girl.. what the hell are you?

 

(cellphone is ringing) and Shercy is searching the phone was rung and she found her phone on left side of her pocket.

 

ohayoo- gozaimasu Shercy answering her phone.

 

A Japanese? The two girls have said.

 

omma? ogenki desu ka? ( how are you omma).?

 

While, I thought we were just penless Rachelle said. Penless; brainless R.O said we should go to beach. Then she sat on the seat how about lips and nose? She ask and what would you be? Rachelle shot back “Trouble maker”! R.O answered. Then the two of them laughed together while Shercy still talking on the phone were they cannot understand what they talked about. Then Rachelle lent her a pen and after she filled out the form and taken it to the cashier and she returned to Rachelle.

Ohh!!! girls you not going to believe this the three of you had the same birthday, The old man  walked toward them. The three of us? RO has ask. yeah! The three of you. So who is the lucky one? she ask again. The man is pointing to Shercy. Ohh! she is, born on March 24, 1987. Really? How’s Fantastic? Ro said. March 25, 1987 is my Birthday. March 24,1987 s mine Rachelle said. Wow! Life so full of mystery, full of surprised three of us had the same birthday. Exactly! Rachelle Said. Unbelievable rather. Well, you have to, RO reply. The three of us should be friends. Correction become a bestfriends  Rachelle said.

 

hai, omma,Arigatoo-gozaimasu. Shercy say.bye.

 

Finally your done. r.o said to shercy.

I’m sorry. do I know you? Well, you’re not, but let me introduce myself, Our self rather. well I’m not interested shercy had answer. even we’re had the same birthday? oh Really? I don’t care Shercy answer sarcastically. But we care Rachelle walk toward her, and she suddenly grabbed her arm and dragged her out of the bench.

 

What..??! shercy had said confused about rachelle’ talking out of the hallway.

 

We need to talk.

What for?

 

For being a friends, being same bd.

excuse me? are you serious?

 

yeah! we are the two girls together.

 

do you have proof that we had the same birthday?

 

Yeah, Here, Look and check out that we are saying the true, our class card saying that the three of us has have with the same birthday, seem like a triplet.

call me Rachelle. and that one is ro. dont  you?

ohh.! Really? so let my hands free first.

 

ok.. and Rachelle fell her hand down. Thanks she just said.

 

On that day Rachelle and Rodel Ann choose to have bonding  and they sharing a story and started to knowing each other. But Shercy After  her n casher she choose to paid no attention to the two girl.

 

After on hours RO and rachelle they seen Shercy on the right side of school canten.

So you from japan? if i’m mistaken. Rachelle ask. And she poke shercy

 

Yeah! And mine you I hate playing a poked.

 

Anyway, don’t you want to tell us you name?

Sorry?

Yeah, your name? shall you?

Shercy Garakushii she extend her hand to rachelle to shake.

Its seem japanese?

 

SHERCY : yeah  I am.

R.O: you seem you new here. are you?

 

Shercy: Oh! yeah,  I’ve just arrived last week.

Well, we shuold  our you around r.o said.

 

For free?  of cause not, there’s fee 100usd a day..( remain in silence)

seriously?

yeah! seriously.

Rachelle: so shercy why you here? I mean you and your family will stay here for good?

Shercy: yeah!

RO: where are you guys Stay? Which addresss? Which school you came? What your parents name? your habit, favorites, share us Shercy? And we will do the same. Agree?

 

No! hey I don’t have to tell you, beside I just know you guys. so I don’t have to tell you anything about my famly, rather my personal life with a new like you guys, beside I do not know the behavior of Filipina.

Filipina? Rachelle ask? Don’t get me wrong shercy but you seem you don’t have trust with filipino? But shercy paid no attention to what rachelle has ask rather she walk away from them and did not even say  good bye.

 

So shercy can we met again. if you don’t mind Rachelle yell.

well, I don’t know. I’ll wish will not said with a flat affect in her face.

 

There is something with her, right ro.?

 

yeah.! and we should not going to lose her..

 

let’s have pinky promise. Opps for Shercy.

Here came the first day of class, June 4, 1999. Early morning of Monday Rachelle shifted her eyes to the left side corner of her class room and she saw Shercy sitting. Hey! you’r here? Rachelle said swinging her arm comfortably on Shercy’s shoulder. Because  we’re classmate, Ro interrupted Rachelle words. Dude? you too? oh yeah! Class 1 Section 1, number 29 in ms. jessy class record. ms Jessy was the assign class adviser for class 1 section 1. Shercy step away from the girls without answering Rachelle, where are you going? Away from the evil. Bad girl, R.o said, she is not even pretty but despite of that the two girl follow after her, they found themselves at school cafeteria, Shercy about to fee the foods she ate, before  she realized her wallet was stolen. Oh shit! don’t worry I’ll fee. it’s my treat, Rachelle fee for them. Shercy just nodded. ok I’ll pay you tomorrow.  No need Rachelle reply and smile. Shercy was sitting on the bench at the back of the building where their classroom located when Rachelee and R.O walk slowly toward her and she grabbed her up in her arms, held her tight and tearfully said, I wish you would just share us you problems, you may never know and feel but god know, I’m so , we so thankful that we met you and we will never, ever going to lose you, we want you even though you are pretty bad, we would like you to be part of our life, as a friends, can we ? But what Rachelle didn’t realize, was that Shercy in her thought  would make a beautiful memory  while she  staying in the Philippines with them. Of everything that Rachelle  had  said, was same what shercy wanted too, but like what Rachelle said she has a little pride she just keep it  in herself. By the time Shercy was in a hardest staying in the Philippines coping up her new invironment  and facing her new world none in her side but the two girls who never ever  give up on her.  she had a full understand of what had Rachelle and R.o wanted for. And she had to know them totally and became bestfriend. Rachelle and RO never spoken a word about that why shercy hate having a filipino friends, its enough for them now Shercy are already their friend, bestfriend rather. The day Shercy had did, like she pushing away the only persons concern about her it was as if it had never happened, except in her own mind and life after that day knowing each other. They all had their own issues and they knew that  had to be work together, sharing laughter and tear. From the moment they became best friend, it was 

. They visited  the beach together,  visited each other houses and doing their assignment together, sharing each other  problems, but Shercy there is something with her no one knows.

**

To be Continue……

***

