Short Story Love – Saying You Goodbye Forever

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Ye Dosti Hum Nahi Toray Gay

 Toray Gay Dum Magar Tera Sath Na Chohrain Gay”

“Wow !!!! Love this song Urooj… always dedicates to you”. With a deep smile over his lips, he said in a very romantic and moody way as i cant stop myself to laugh.

“You laughing? but i am serious”. Driving the car, he suddenly seemed much serious.

Suddenly i stopped to laugh and looked at his face for a while where a stamp of seriousness could be seen clearly.

“Ohh !! I am sorry Shani, i laughed cause i always feels too much happy and proud to have a pal like you”. Looked over his serious face i apologized and pass out a deep smile.

“No Urooj, i am lucky actually to have a bestie like you”. He touched my nose with a naughty smile and began to drive fast. That was his habit, whenever he stayed in mood, he always drive too fast.

“No Shani, you means a lot to me even you cant imagine that…” without looking at him, i just thought.

“Come-on Urooj, what are you thinking for? here your home comes dear”. I suddenly came out from my dream world with his voice so i said good-bye to him and walked through my house and even forgot to ask him to come with me for a cup of tea.

Shahan was my childhood friend. We played together, combine studied and always stayed with each other in every aspect of life. Both of the families were also had good relations and they knew about our friendship relation very well so there was no any kinda problem in that.

 Time moved on and on. We cross our childhood and reach to adolescence. Shahan crossed out all the limits of beauty and smartness.

 Tall height, Fit body, hazel eyes, attractive face, light warm blonde hair and fair complexion. During our high school period, i watched the girls always wished to make her boyfriend but Shahan was a person had no attention towards them for that I always felt proud over myself that he considered only me as a best friend of him.

It was a bit strange, Shahan got all the beauty space but i stayed in the queue among the averages. Black (little bit curly) hair, round face, a little bit dark complexion but smart looks as this was the only thing i stayed happy for. It was not like that i was ugly but in front of Shahan, my personality always hide somewhere.

One day he revised some lessons of mathematics with me as he always stood brilliant in maths, I just didn’t knew what he said, i looked over his without moved-on my eyes and something touched out my heart slowly. His voice, his eyes, his way to talk, his personality, all made me charmed and I ran out the room suddenly leaved him amazed whats happened.

 That day i found out, I started love him.

 Yes, that was love…. But i didn’t want to tell him or made him feel something.

“Two years passed and i still loves him, waited for a proper time, as he is now being established with his career. Now i wants to make him know that what you actually means for me since two years…. I know he would have no ignorance, no question or amazement as i feels, sometimes he too reacts too much as romance, maybe that’s his way of care what i feels for romance. Whatever, he use to say that he loves me, he used to say always but now there is something hides in his heart too… yes, i am sure for that that is why he have invited me for a surprise today”. Looked over myself in the mirror, i used to talk with my own self, suddenly i laughed over that, maybe it was the laugh regarding the feelings hidden in my heart. I decided to make him know that “I love you Shani” so i also told him that i have a surprise too.

 He reached to pick me. I sat down in the car and looked over him.

 “How i am looking?”.

 “Fantastic as always my dear”. He touched my nose and started to drive.

“Koi Dil Mn Araha hai Dstak Diy Bagher”.He seemed too much happy then always.

“Wow! what’s the matter?looking too happy hmm??”.

“Yeah my dear! surprise na”.

My heart beat on rapidly as the moments of acceptance came nearer.

We reached to a five star restaurant and sat in the corner side table. The deem lights and soft music made the environment more romantic.

“Before ordering for dinner, tell me my dear… Whats your surprise for me?”

My heart beat increased for a while, controlled over my breaths, slow but passionate words came out by my lips

 “I love you Shani”

“I know dear you loves me… but whats the surprise?? tell na”. Naughty smile danced over his face and he asked me.

“This is the surprise Shani, yes i love you i swear”. I became a bit emotional to assured him.

“Hahaha!!! Oh my God Urooj… was that your surprise?? you really stays a kid till now… well i love you too dear and now listen me… it is taking a long time so…. ahm ahm!

 here is my surprise for you…

 Hani!!! come here honey…” and a smart and beautiful girl suddenly appears near our table. Shani stood up and turn over his arm over her back

 “Hani! she is Urooj, my best friend and Urooj! she is my honey, my upcoming life partner Haniya…look i always says na that i love you Urooj so my love is for you but Hani is my ISHQ, ISHQ and ISHQ”.

 He looked over her face deeply without feeling my presence there and I……….

 Lost!!!!!

 Shocked!!!!

 A stone idol was there between both of them….

“Come-on sit here near me honey…and ahm ahm! hey Urooj.. lets order… what you wanna eat?”

Suddenly i stood up rapidly

 “I have to go Shani, sorry i am not feeling well today, it was for the sake of you i came…sorry..next time..”

Rapidly moved to door, without listening his voice who called behind me for whom i always stood….. Got a taxi

 “A friend is the one who always knows what hides in the heart of his/her friend… we were not stayed friends ever in actual Shani cause we couldn’t got what we both have in our hearts….”

 Tears found their way to run and my black eyes flooded……

“I can’t face you any more Shani… I don’t wanna meet you ever… This was not your fault…but of both of us….I am broken off our fourteen years of relation.. Aah!!! but these two years are having much importance than those fourteen…no problem, you just live happy forever that’s my Pray for you…..Good-bye forever Shani…”

And now, 25 years moves on

 I leaved my city first, than my country too to run away from his memories, I didn’t get married as i thought myself only for him,i know he struggled a lot to find me but that was me who broke all the connections with them and maybe he didn’t struggled as he found his life partner so obviously he became busy in his life…. but to make myself relax and calm, this thought is helpful na that after lost me, he too would be not relaxed somewhere…..

 These thoughts are my life and appreciates me to live…..”

__END__

