Friends Short Story – Maitri

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is always we think,  that what is the actual goal in our life? What is the contribution of society in this world? and what is the meaning of our life without a friend? Humans are social animals by birth and they need other people to aid them in their work.

Justifying this belief a young teenager Kruti is best friends with Sumedha. She shares all her feelings with Sumedha  but Kruti’s mother always tells her that the friendship at this age is filled with selfishness and it is temporary and immature. Kruti thinks that her mother’s attitude towards her is negative and thus she keeps on putting her aback. This has increased the generation gap between them.

It is a weird day today and Kruti comes home slightly pale, tired and sloshed, She is having high fever. The doctor on checking asks her a complete bed rest for two weeks. This make Kriti more upset and she breaks down into tears, her mother consoling her asks her the problem. Actually she is upset as she was been nominated by her teacher for an essay writing competition and now as she is ill she wont be able to take part. Her mother tells her to call Sumedha and send a written essay with her to her teacher. She does the same and gives the essay for her teacher. Thinking all good about Sumedha , Kriti tells her Mother that she is indeed lucky to have a friend like her and it was because of her that she was able to send her essay top the school.

Fifteen days pass and she gets back to her routine and goes to the school. She finds a changed Sumedha, once a best friend starts being ignorant towards her, She tries to ask Sumedha for her changed behavior but gets nothing, but Kriti is hurt when she learns that Sumedha has won the essay competition and that too with the Essay she had given her. She breaks down into tears and realizes each and every thing her mother had told her.

Kriti had learnt a lesson thought to her by her mother, and thus Kriti now knows that nobody in this world can be your best friend except your parents because they know the world better than you. Kriti on reaching home hugs her mother and confesses for her rude behavior towards her, burying the generation gaps among them they become the best friends.

__END__

