A page from the memoir…- Short Story Friends

Photo credit: 

 from 

Reading one of our old diaries after a long time, can be a pleasurable experience, at least for some. Sujatha was holding one of her business trip diaries, just to recollect all those places she had been to during her work. She has two other diaries too, one exclusively on personal matters and the other on the trips made with family. She avoided reading them as she thought it would bring lot of nostalgia with tints of sadness. Who wants blue devils? No one… Sujatha was no different.

She had been working as the manager of a renowned multinational company in India, for many years. It has been three years since she took her break from the work. At first, it was a temporary decision and action, but later it became a permanent one. Going on toiling for decades will take all your good spirits, no matter how much you are paid. She wanted to spend the rest of her life with her husband Raj and daughter Neena, who was happily married to a doctor and a mom of a two year old kid. Now Sujatha knows what exactly is a happy and peaceful life.

She opened the diary. It was more or less intact. She just flipped through the pages and her eyes caught a particular page, a page without any title or date. Usually when she writes her diaries, the date and place will be put at the top, and especially, it being a business trip diary, she wondered why she hadn’t. She checked the details of the last  and the next trips, and found this particular trip had been made either in the first or second week of December, 2007.

Still she didn’t get any idea  about that trip and doubted whether her memory was already fading. Her eyes now meet the top of that particular page.

 

Sujatha remembered, “Sharmila aka Sharmi had been more of a friend to me than just an assistant. She was a reliable woman and a perfectionist, smart and attractive, yet single and strong…”

(Sujatha thought. “Oh, I had recorded the time here, so the first part was written while I had been in the bay and the following part later that night!”)

“Yes….” Sujatha lived in her old memories….. “I had been born and brought up there, in Thengasi, Tamil Nadu. After my fifteenth year, we had to relocate to Delhi as my appa got a transfer. Delhi had taken up the rest of my schooling and job, in fact conquered my life and my memories as well. That’s how I had come to forget Thenkasi!”

 

Sujatha placed the diary on her lap and closed her eyes. She could feel Thenkasi calling her in the form of Meenakshi !

__END__

 

