Short Story of Friendship – The Rainbow

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was pitch dark and I kept walking as if an invisible force was pushing me through. I was sure there was a way back to her. If only I could find it. And then I saw it. A faint glow, far away. And I started running towards it. I was sure that she’d be waiting for me. Almost there-

My mom’s voice cut through, ‘Dinner’s ready Nathan!.’

I let out a long breath as I realised it was just another dream.

‘Comin mom!’ My feet felt like lead as I tried to get outta bed.

I heard a faint knock, ‘Could we talk Nathan?’, I could see my father was worried.

‘Sure Dad, come on in.’

‘It’s been nearly a year kiddo. I know you loved her, but it’s not healthy to just sit here all by yourself all the time. Go out with your friends or somethin.’

‘Not everything goes away with time Dad.’

‘There you go, sounding like an old man again. I think you just need  t-‘

‘Do I have to come up there?!’

‘We’ll talk later, or she probably will drag us down there!’

I smiled a bit at the thought and it seemed to make my dad feel better. ‘Yeah… Probably…’

I let out another sigh as my dad made his way down.

Of all the things I remembered from that day, the rain stood out. It wasn’t the kinda rain she loved. There wasn’t a rainbow in sight. It was just a curtain of grey all over. It was as if the gods were trying to wash away everything about her. Aria. And the day I lost her, I lost a part of myself.  She was the only one I could talk to and know that I wouldn’t be judged. It’s hard to find such relationships and losing it was tough.

I quickly made my way to the kitchen, ‘Hey, is it okay if I skip dinner today? I’m not hungry.’

‘Ofcourse not! Now sit d-‘

‘It’s alright Thea. Sure Nathan.’ Dad did always understand me better. ‘Thanks dad.’

And I could hear mom telling him off as I made my way back to my room.

I know that people usually try to stay away from the stuff that reminded them of loved ones that they’d lost, but I never did understand that. I hung on to any memory I had left of Aria. We’d spend whole days at the meadow nearby, and it felt oddly comforting to me. The soft grass, the damp air, the smell of pine wood and the memories of all the time I’d spent with her. I had a perfect view of the meadow from my window, but I made sure I visited everyday. I was afraid I’d forget.

***

 

Aria had been separated from her parents at a really young age, but had made it in the big city despite having come from the country. She was resolute, tenacious, patient and had a confidence about her that I could never seem to find in me. We’d known each other since we were kids and she’d always been there for me. And if success was measured by the number of smiles we put on peoples’ faces, She was unbelievably successful in life.

I felt her thoughts flood me as I walked into the meadow. The clearing at the far end was her favorite spot, and I’d spent countless evenings just lying there with her. The meadow seemed to be lifeless without her. But it still helped me calm down.

I was soaking wet by the time I made it back home. It had been raining for hours. My dad just looked worriedly at me as I made my way up to my room. The sound of the rain against the windows had an almost therapeutic effect.

‘Here’s some coffee Nate. And dry yourself before you catch a cold.’ He left before I could respond.

As I looked at the steaming hot cup he’d left behind, I understood that though Aria was gone, I still had my parents to think about. They’d been far more understanding and patient than most would have. And I realized that they’d suffered just as much as I did, and yet had stood by me for so long. They’d loved her too and I’d been giving them a really hard time.

The rain had come down to a slight drizzle now. The kind she loved. And I looked out the window and I could see my dad point something out to mom. And as my eyes moved towards the meadow, there it was, the rainbow. I realized that it was time I moved on. My parents probably didn’t see her, but I could’ve sworn, I saw her at the end of the rainbow. Her tail wagging behind, and her eyes full of life….

__END__

