Short Story Friends – An Everlasting Friendship

Photo credit: 

 from 

A bunch of letters was lying on my table. I started to go through each letter, until I found a letter one from my close friend Suresh.

 

 

 

Suresh had posted this letter two days later only last week.

I immediately looked towards the nice painting hanging on my sitting room. Suresh had presented this painting of rising SUN, on my last birthday. I took out my cellphone and dialed Suresh’s number but Suresh’s mobile was switched off. I again tried but in vain. So, I sent an SMS to him to ring me back.

****

Sitting on my study chair, I started to recall my association with Suresh. I met Suresh when I joined Surya Industries in Mumbai. Suresh was my colleague in the company. My manager asked Suresh to introduce me to the staff and help me understand the functioning of the office. He took me around and introduced me to other staff members, and also explained my work. During lunch, Suresh inquired about my residence and I pointed out that I have to look out for the same as I reached the city this morning only. Suresh immediately contacted the HR department and got company guest room allocated for me. Both of us left the office and Suresh dropped me at company guest house. My first day went off nicely in office and I was feeling very pleased on the developments.

***

As the days progressed, I came to know that Suresh is a bachelor and is looking for a room partner. Just then, Suresh approached me for the shared accommodation and I readily accepted the proposal for room partner. Life was going on smoothly. Suresh had a Bajaj two wheeler and we used to ride and roam in the city in our free time. We used to have breakfast in the nearby restaurant and then rush to the office.  In the evening, after office hours we used to chat around with other office friends and then had our dinner at the nearby Mira Dining House. Weekend was always reserved for movies in nearby Roxy and Apollo theatre. Every Friday, we used to check for newly released movies in the newspaper.

Once our manager asked us to report on duty on weekend, so to adjust our quota of movies, we booked an advance ticket for Monday 6pm show. On Monday, we raced at 6pm to the Roxy cinema hall ( which was hardly five minutes away from our office). Suresh was fond of trying new dishes in different restaurants. So, we had reserved every fortnight Sunday for trying a new dish.

***

One fine day, Suresh phone rang during lunch time and he was feeling happy. On enquiry, he told us that his parents have selected a girl for him and they want me to marry immediately. I immediately congratulated him and wished him best of luck for married life.

After some days, Suresh was distributing weeding invitation in the company. He asked all of us to join the weeding at his home town at Jaipur. He insisted that I should be present at the venue two days before the weeding.  I along with Anil (a colleague of us) had gone for the wedding ceremony and we really enjoyed the function.   Two week later, Suresh joined back office. During this time, financial problems erupted in the company and staff started to move out. Suresh also moved to Delhi. But, we used to be in touch either through email and phone.

***

It was a holiday and I was checking my emails when I saw Suresh’s mail informing that he is a proud father of a son. I felt very happy. I tried to contact him but he was out of reach. So, I dropped a reply mail.

***

Some nine years later, Suresh landed at my flat and announced that he has joined a local company here. I felt great and we chatted whole day. During the day, Suresh told me that he has some differences with his wife and they have parted now. His son Sahil was taken away by his wife. I could feel the pain in his eyes but Suresh never expressed it. Last year, my office shifted me to Delhi headquarters and once again Suresh and I were separating.  Before leaving for Delhi, I celebrated my 40

 birthday and Suresh gifted me the painting.

***

It was very hectic life in Delhi and I got engrossed in my official and personal life. Now, I used to ring Suresh on a weekly basis to know about his welfare. During one of the email chat, Suresh informed me that he is not keeping good health these days. Life had changed both of us by now as we were heading to old age. On fine day, I received an email from Suresh.

 

 

***

Since last month, I was not able to speak with Suresh. Even he did not respond to my emails. So, I rang our other friend Anil to check about Suresh. Anil told me that Suresh has been hospitalized and is not keeping good health. I immediately booked my tickets and rushed to see Suresh. I spend some days there and met doctor who informed me that Suersh will be discharged soon. I felt relieved and booked my return ticket. Meanwhile, I asked Sahil to ring me in case of any emergency.

Back home, there was a pile of tasks waiting for me at office as well as at home. I headed to the office where I was informed of an urgent meeting with a client at Nagpur. Again, I packed my luggage and headed to Nagpur. I had to spend some days at Nagpur and returned home back on weekend. I started to check for any urgent emails. Just then, my mobile rang and I picked up the call “Hello!” I placed the cell on my ear and closed my eyes. I badly wished for a sleep.

“Hello! Sanjay?” asked a feminine voice.

“Yes, Sanjay speaking. Who is it?” I asked in a husked voice. I tried recalling the voice but it did not seem familiar.

“I am Sarla… Suresh’s sister.” Suresh’s sister calling me I shook my head and gave attention to the call.

“Sanjay…,” she choked. “Suresh is no more now,” she broke the news in sobs.

Suresh had asthma and I had met him last month only. I felt an electric shock freezing me. All I managed to enquire, “When”?

“An hour before,” she broke in tears.

I immediately requested them to wait for me for the funeral ceremony. The next hour I was arranging ticket and booked the first flight that I could catch.

***

On reaching Suresh’s home, I looked for his Suresh’s sister and especially his son Sahil and consoled them. After the funeral ceremony, I spend quality time with Sahil to know about his future plan. Sahil informed me that his college is over and he has applied for  a job at famous New City hospital, Delhi. I immediately rang Chief Medical officer Dr. Ramesh Bhat of New City hospital (Dr. Ramesh was my neighbour and also a close friend) and enquired about the status of Sahil application. Dr. Ramesh informed me that the application has been accepted and we are planning interviews next week. I informed Sahil and he readily accepted to accompany me for the interview. On the third day, I met Suresh’s mother and bid goodbye to her and also assured that I will take care of Sahil. In the evening, I along with Sahil left for Delhi.

***

Sahil was successful in cracking the interview and he was asked to join the hospital immediately. Sahil promised them that he would join after 15 days. Sahil went back to complete some rituals of his father, Suresh.  Meanwhile, I arranged a flat nearby so that Sahil can live at ease with his grandmother.   Sahil has now joined the hospital today and  is happy with his work. I am now satisfied that I will be able to fulfil my promise of helping Sahil in some respect.

__END__

