Friends Short Story – Lost

Photo credit: 

 from 

Two guys stepped in the new hostel room which is far from the b-tech college. As soon as we stepped in we saw the room was not so clean and stuffed with the old clothes and all the garbage and also a dairy on the bed. When we opened it we saw it was Kiran written on the top of it.

It was my first day in the college when I and harish stepped in the room, from the far away village. Harish is my best friend from childhood, where we came from a poor family and want to make our parents proud.

That was our first day in the college, we’ve taken an auto rickshaw to college, as soon as I got down from the auto rickshaw I was looking at the college buildings and meanwhile harish was negotiating with the auto wala….

“Bhai Saab, I will not give you more than fifty,” said harish

“Meter tho check kar le mere bhai,” said auto wala. Meanwhile, I interrupted and gave him what he wanted and began to step in through the college gate. They were lots of girls in the corridor.

“Come on let’s move to seminar hall,” said harish

Principal started his lecture for the orientation day and we didn’t get a chair to sit and after so much sweat wastage we finally saw two seats at the girl’s corner and placed our asses there and there were two beautiful girls beside us. And they’re dressed same like us in the t-shirt and jeans.

Suddenly we heard “Hi guys”.

We both looked around and finally saw the girls beside us were staring at us. They again greeted us with “Hi”, both girls at a time.

We don’t know what just happened with us in few minutes, we shifted our seats and now sat in the opposite way but in a different location called canteen.

From there on, we became very close and we’re the only guys, were all of us can see anywhere in the college. One fine day they called us to the library. When we entered a library, Neha and Roopa were wearing a white dress and with a flower in their hands. We went in front of them and stood there. Roopa was in front of me and Neha was in front of Harish. Yes, we have the same thought in our mind too. But nothing happened as we thought.

“We want to propose our seniors of our branch. So we wanted you to be here guys” they said.

Our excitement ended. We tried to turn back from there and we heard our favorite song from their voice…

“Pehli nazar mein kaise jaadu kar diyaaa……”

Again there was a smile at our face and we turned back towards them because that was our favorite song and after the completion of the lines, they said

“I LOVE YOU”

From there on our life was more excited than before and but there was only lack of money. So we started going to a part time job. Even though money was the biggest problem of ours and instead of that, we used to miss our classes for the sake of our love. One day we returned from the college to the hostel and then we got a call from our parents and we ignored it because we don’t have enough time to talk with them. We four of us used to go to movies, restaurants and pubs. We even didn’t care of our exams too. We used to enjoy a lot.

We planned to go pub on Saturday evening but there was a lack of money with us but we somehow managed to get that money. It was something special on that day, there were lots of crowd and some extra hungama was going on. Finally, we came to know that betting’s were going on at the corner table. And we even saw that plenty of people’s money doubled. We had few shots with our girls and few dance steps on the floor. And the problem is we both have same thought of playing cards with them and make money.

So, we decided and drove back our girls to their homes and came back to the pub and went to the corner table, then

Harish said, “Kiran will you or shall I try”.

“Go on and on,” I said.

Harish sat on the chairs and he played the first game, to our surprise we won the first game even though we’re not that professional at this game. And we managed to give our best and have our consecutive wins that evening and then came back to the room with plenty of money. And we don’t want to leave the chance on the next day for making money.

And harish sat on the same chair, were got our luck last night. As we thought we started with our first win and we had our consecutive failures thereon and within no time, we lost all our money we got. We tried to head back to our rooms, then we heard a voice…

“Hey”.

We turned back and stared at them. “Well let’s have one game if you win, everything is yours, and there was long pause…. And we’re still staring at them. If you lose then you need to do everything we said”.

I was impressed with the deal but Harish was in confusion. And somehow I convinced him for the only last game. We prayed for the god and then started the game. Firstly everything was on our side but somehow they won the game. And we both collapsed on the chairs. Now it’s their turn to raise.

They told us, “You both need to come tomorrow evening at the same time and then we will tell what you need to do”.

We’re going through the exit and again we heard a voice, which always sounds annoying.

“We know everything about you. Don’t try to escape from us”.

It was 11’o clock when we reached our hostel room and everything happened from the evening was just speechless. “We will just elope from here,” said Harish.

“They know our every move, they are really dangerous. We can’t escape from them” I said

“But what can we do now,” said Harish. I don’t have any answer for Harish, we didn’t have a proper sleep in the night and then we called Neha and Roopa to share our problem So that we can get some boost or help from them. But they worried more than us. Our tension is exaggerating hour by hour.

We tried to be strong and face any challenge we get. We went to the pub in the evening and stood in front of them and one of among them said

“Oh great! I thought you will be off from the city”.

“What should we do,” Harish said.

“Relax man! Why you are in a hurry, we will tell what you need to do” A tall guy said.

We have done many mistakes and also police are searching for us. So let’s come to the point. Police are having a pen drive with all our details in it and that pen drive is the control room. So u both need to get it from there.

We walked down to the control room at night 1:30 am and harish accepted to go and get it and I will be at the window and will check if anybody comes and also we have a problem, it should be within minutes because we can’t stay for a long time in the room and also cops will be surrounding all the way.

“I observed him carefully as he walked to the doors. I know that time was running out but suppressed the urge to check my watch. I took a deep breath and started counting in reverse under my breath. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four and the pen drive was in our hands. We escaped from there but I knew he was caught in the cameras.

We came down to the pub and handed over the pen drive to them. Our job was done. And we thought that, we’re done for them and they showed us the video of the robbery and we shocked

“What the ****, how can you do this to us”. Said Harish.

As soon as the video is completed I shifted myself towards them and saw Harish shocking face

“I am really sorry Harish,” I said

Then I began to tell the story. Actually, few days back roopa and I came to the same pub and lost all our money in betting and then i prayed and requested them, that we are ready to do anything that you say. And they said about the robbery but I denied because if something goes wrong police can get us and even roopa was in her hands. After few minutes, they came with a plan and I implemented it. Because in my imagination it was you, I always want to take a revenge on you. And you are the only one who defeated me all the time from our childhood.

“In studies, Oh even my mom likes or trusts you more than me. “ I said that was pinching me all the time. Even though to save roopa I had had to take a chance. And you know what that’s why I was far from the situation. Now you did it with your bare hands.

“And Harish…..” I said

Police interrupted us and arrested Harish but Harish didn’t just utter a word and then just went off with them.

And it was 11 in the night, I was in my room. I realized what I’ve done. I lost my best friend for the sake of me. I cried out loud and missed him and then decided to suicide and hang myself in the room…..

And we closed the diary and then handed it to the police where Harish is arrested. Harish somehow released from the jail, also helped the police for catching the main gang. Harish came to down to the hostel room and packed his bags and went to the village without uttering a word.

–END–

