Short Story of Friendship Lost Somewhere

Photo credit: 

 from 

Lying on my bed with earphones plugged into my ears, I got nostalgic and was taken back to my days of childhood. I was pondering about “Friends “, when memories of a close friend struck me. We were extremely close friends and our families knew each other over twice a dozen years. So we were family friends. We used to play together, eat together, study together, and go to parties together.

Just after finishing our small naps after tiresome school, either of us used to land up into the other’s house giving a shout for play. All of us used to play for about two hours and our games included Cricket, Hide and Seek, Chain-Chain, Seven Times, Chocolate, Badminton, and Kho-Kho. I still remember how she used to cry when I used to hit the ball hard at her. Then we all used to tease her and finally she used to depart with tears only to land up at my place in the night with her elder sister complaining of my rage. Then I was berated and asked to apologize for playing rough. This happened at least three to four times. And was normal stuff for me.

Well our friendship grew a bit and we became good friends.  We used to spend a lot of time at each other’s house. Her mom was very genuine and considerate to allow us break her important things and cosmetics. Her mom used to cook food for us and always served me my favorite mango pickle.

I still remember when I got my first video game. I was damn excited about it. But she was more.  Even without a single minute delay she used to arrive at four in the evening at my compound and then we used to play Mario for several hours. She had got a new CD player at her house and we used to travel on our cycles to the nearby CD shop to get the CD of the latest movie. We saw lots of movies.

Then slowly and slowly we grew up and a sudden awkwardness crept into our friendship. We used to meet frequently but for less time. I started going to the stadium to play cricket with my friends. Our friendship was getting lost somewhere but we were in touch. Then our Class tenth boards arrived. Both of us got busy in coaching classes and immense studies because more than anyone else, your neighbors are most interested in your class tenth percentage. We used to meet very less. Sometimes in parties or get together. But I deciphered that she wanted to meet me. Maybe she wanted a friend always by her side. It was me who reluctantly took back a bit.

Class tenth got over. I did very well and she also got fairly good marks. Then I joined a local coaching in class eleventh for competitive exams whereas she took studies casually considering the fact that people regard class 11th as rest year. I got hell busy and therefore we didn’t used to meet now. Also that we had grown up and there were lots of things going in our minds. What people would say about us (rather they had started saying itself)? How would our parents react to all the rumors? How could we make them understand that we were good friends only?

An uncanny and odd feeling started to exist between the two of us. We used to meet sometimes but used to talk very less. Days passed on and we almost lost contact. Only on festivals or some rare occasions we met. Then soon class 12th was also over. It was now that I was heading towards college. My mother told this thing to her family. I got an invitation for a dinner with them. I along with my parents and sister went to her place in the evening. The dinner was delicious and was over. It was now time to say goodbye to them. I could see a frown on her face. She wished me the best in life and asked me to keep in touch after reaching college. She also gave her number.

After reaching college, after a month or two I received her message indicating that I had forgotten her. It was true. I got busy in college. During the last two years whenever I have gone home in vacations she has always asked me to visit her but again it’s that awkward feeling which comes from within which stopped me from going to her place. But somehow, somewhere or the other we met accidentally. Today we are almost out of touch and no longer that “close” friends.

Lying on the bed today I realized that how “influence of the society” and “growing up” can drastically change the bonding of friends. I realized that how the stigma that a girl and a boy can never be only friends can simply just destroy some friendships. I wish people could see beyond this and understand that a girl and a boy can be friends as well. The sensitivity and naivety of such friendships has to be dealt with carefully.  Also “growing up” creates distance in such friendships, so role of elders in restoring friendships should be taken into thought. It’s them who can make the young ones understand about the jewel which friendship has to offer.

Today also when I go back home, I always get an invitation from her family for a dinner.

__END__

