Friends Short Story – Modern Art

Short Story of Friends – Modern Art

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rahul was a good friend of Swapnil. They both used to study in same school at one point of time. After that, though they might have changed the schools, but still remained good friends based on their living in the same locality.

Once Rahul was sitting demoralised in their usual tea shop. After sometime he was accompanied by Swapnil. Seeing Rahul so hopeless, Swapnil asked the reason patting on his back.

To that Rahul said, “See Swapnil, as you know, I am poor, but can draw well. In fact that’s the only weapon of my earning. But it seems that now there also some hindrances peeped in. As you would be knowing that I draw and do sell my arts in exhibitions very often. Previously everything was going fine. But suddenly for quite few years, I am not able to sell a good lot. As you know I draw mostly paintings. But nowadays it seems peoples are more inclined towards Modern Arts. I do indeed again can draw them as well, but I feel that doesn’t reflect actual talent of an artist. But somehow for last few years one artist came into picture, who is competing with me and giving his pictures also for sell in the exhibitions. Now he draws Modern Arts. Peoples come, see both of our pictures, buy his pictures and go away.”

Swapnil told. “Ok, so this is the thing? Fine, this time only your pictures would be sold. But tell me one thing, could you take me to the room where the exhibition is taking place, one or couple of days earlier than the actual exhibition starts for once?”

Rahul was overjoyed and nodded his head with Yes.

During the day of the exhibition, it was a miracle. This time crowd was almost triple times than the other times coincidently and each and everyone was seen buying only Rahul’s picture. The other painter was almost lost as one of the customers in the crowd. He had a great set back. He promised of not competing again. But Rahul on the other hand was equally stunned too. He couldn’t believe this view. But he was waiting with utmost interest to know how could Swapnil do all these things.

At the end of the exhibition, when all viewers went away, Rahul almost ran to Swapnil and asked for his tricks. Swapnil gave him a hug and asked,

“Are you happy dost?”

Rahul’s eyes were filled with tears. He said, “Yaar what a wisdom you have got. So what did you do actually?”

Swapnil told, “See friend, in this world, everyone wants the most. Just a couple of days back when you took me to the exhibition  I took photographs of all the paintings of the other painter. Then created that number of copies of cds with all those paintings as the number of paintings you have to sell. The last thing I did was I pasted a small paper at the entrance, where it was written, that on buying Rahul’s one painting you would get Mr. Hussain’s (the other painter) all the pictures’ copies for free. I was sure everyone would be interested in buying your picture with the same price as that of Mr. Hussain’s Modern Arts and then get all his arts for free, where the vice versa won’t hold good. Also they have to spend then a little more to frame the picture of Hussain of their choice.”

__END__

