Friendship Short Story – The most beautiful feeling

Photo credit: 

 from 

After 20 years a long time gap, settled as we were in our own lives but somewhere down the way we had not forgotten our past our beautiful moments spent together and our unfinished business rather my one-sided love………..

She had told me to wait at St Teresa High school at 8 pm a place neither of us could ever forget.It was a spine chilling evening,drizzling atmosphere and wet roads ruminated me into the high school memories.

20 years back.

It was a long and tiring day and I as always kept the last seat for her beside me. 20 mins later a girl in uniform sat down beside me with a face full of Shakespearean Emotions not ready to shed tears but the tears in her long black eyes trying to jump out of  it. It was she whom I cannot never forget my bestie Anusha. I said “your tears are very faithful ,they never come out without your permission” and my egoistic friend cried at last.

Later I came to know that her parents had been called due to low attendance. Our friendship was very interesting a comic boy and a serious student, once we had a serious argument as she had leaked one of my personal stuff to her friends turning me into a laughing stock amongst everyone. Then I saw her true respect towards me, everyday she used to call me up and regret about the incident and an inbox full of sms with just one word SORRY . Later i forgave her considering myself to have a big heart. Often she told me that she would not talk to me and I used to say let’s see for how much time you ignore me and she could not keep a minute silent without talking to me.

These memories are stuck in my mind I don’t think they will ever go. Sometimes I used to give her a treat, she also returned me the favour. Once we were playing antakshari I sung some romantic song looking at her just as we had direct eye contact I removed my vision from hers.

Present day.

I saw a crowd of people huddled around a car. I ran toward the car and found a accident occurred between a truck and a car and a girl lying down with that recognizable face, those black long eyes and my old friend for whom I am waiting to meet for 20 mins but for 2 decades and all dreams suddenly shatter down in front of my eyes and a bloody scene which just makes me remember that innocent face of my best friend feelings of guilt aroused in myself.

As if a cloud bursts on my head and I see something that I cannot believe even by viewing it by my own eyes. The last thing I remember is that I ran away from there and ended up somewhere in the dark just shedding my tears and thinking that my unfinished business remains so as my one sided love .

Today years after I feel that loving someone who is no more is one of the most beautiful feelings in the world. I still live cherishing the beautiful memories and that innocent face of my best friend ….

