Friends…Always

Photo credit: 

 from 

Friends are always there for you…at least for some people. We all know how friends have turned foe and again they bounce back to your good old buddies. However, there are some friends in your life, who love to stay at a distance and still mean a lot in your life. They never turn in to your foes, but sometimes their silence drive you crazy.

While watching the movie “Hum Tum”, I came across a scene, where it was said that a boy and a girl can never become friends, as love always comes in between. However, I don’t find it entirely true.

Love is quite complicated and I prefer to separate this complexion from the refreshing bond, which is known to me by the name “friendship”. I have many guy friends, childhood friends and I have been fortunate enough to have them in my life. My sign is Aries and (although many people don’t believe zodiac and all that stuff) we Aries people  have a tendency to recollect only the happy times of our life. It’s very hard to have a good and reliable friend in your life and so, I don’t bother myself to get in fights with my dear friends over silly and petty issues.

But that did not stopped my faith and if I may say…my temper and poor sense of understanding to have a cold war with my best friend. She is and always has been the best friend of my life. Although she was the only one with whom I was able to share my feelings, both of us never branded ourselves as “BEST FRIENDS”. From boyfriends to first kiss and mindless love triangles, we shared everything. Soon, a time came, when both of us began to part. I thought it was because of her relationship and may be she thought that it was because of my rudeness or may be because of my tremendous love for a certain “dark, handsome” guy. Even today, I really can’t bring out the reason behind it.

Our common friends tried to patch things between us, but all that was done in vain, as I was determined never to speak a word with her again. Time passed and board exams started to knock at the door and all I could do was take a glimpse of her through the mirror or while she lay in her bed asleep (like a cat…all curled up). Sometimes I felt that I should walk up to her bed and say “Hi”, but there was always a “but”. At the end of the last exam, a friend handed me a letter, which I started to read after passing the gates of my school. It was her hand writing and there was a sea of emotion in that letter. I realized that she was hurt…very much, but I was hurt too.

After two years…there was a phone call and it was her voice from the other end. She was talking as if these two years never existed. However, I felt the chronic pain of the distance that has emerged in between us. I never dared to ask about her friends or if she has a new best friend, as I didn’t want to be acknowledged of the fact that my place has been taken by someone else. We are still friends and I am glad that we are. I know that if I am ever hurt, she will be always there to answer my call.

__END__

