Short Story Friends – KNOWING…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Does she know what I know? Or I am the only one who knows?

That has been the question that fills my head lately. I wish I could just forget the fact that I know something that my best friend might not know. Or, might know. I don’t know.

Yet, I can’t ask her if she knows it or not. What if she doesn’t know? Asking the question will make me inform something that she might wish not to know. Her life will be spoiled in a second if she knows what I know.

Ah, I know, this is complicated.

Well, it looks simple, but trust me, it actually is complicated!

How can it not?

I saw my best friend’s husband walking down the street with a girl–yes, a girl…I bet she’s not even 17 yet!–holding hands. Talking merrily like…… ah, this is difficult, they were walking on the streets like lovers.

Well, let me just assume that she doesn’t know. And if finally she knows it and comes to me and cries on my shoulder, I think I won’t say a thing about what I know.

But being a friend, her best friend, I should inform her about what I know. I am confused….. Should I tell her, or should I keep this a secret.

May be, her husband was not like I am assuming him. May be the girl was her only friend or something……….. ‘Or something’ what? I think I should follow him.

I started following them through the market. Their talking was really funny; I guess this because they never stopped laughing. They walk, they laugh. They talk, they laugh. They eat, they laugh. They laughed on everything, they did.

Now I saw them going inside a jeweler shop. I cursed him badly when I saw him buying a necklace for that girl. I was furious; I decided to tell Meera, about his husband. I called her.

“Where’s your husband?” I shouted in anger when Meera picked the phone. My anger increased by many folds while watching her husband’s hand running down to reach his purse.

“Why?” She was unaware of what I was watching, what I was knowing…..

“Because your husband is roaming here in the market with a girl.” I thought that my word ‘girl’ hit her ears like a bomb’s impact.

She said nothing so I continued:

“Your husband is buying her necklace and roaming in the market with his hand in her. He is cheating you Meera.” I was like scolding her for not having a watch on her husband.

“The girl you are talking about is Ankita.”

“So you know her.” I was confused.

“Yes, I know her because she’s my husband’s sister.” That hit me like atom bomb’s impact.

Oh, dear. So she knows what I didn’t know. How could I forget that today’s Rakshabandhan. May be her husband bought the necklace in return of Rakhi.

Sometimes before knowing anything you should know what you are trying to know otherwise… You know…

__END__

