Short Story on Tour – Trip 5545 – Five Days with Four New Faces

Short Story on Tour – Trip 5545 – Five Days with Four New Faces

Photo credit: 

 from 

After much struggle Mom allowed me to go alone for a week’s holiday to Shimla. May be my pitiful face evoked sympathy. However, I packed my bag making sure that books outweighed by clothes. I reached Chandigarh via Garib Rath and at Sector 43 seated my self waiting for Shimla bus.

There I saw a lanky figure with bulging muscles munching snacks as today was his last day of life and this was his last wish. To be precise he looked like a hungry lamp post.

“Come on, come on, bus for Shimla is all set to go, seats already full,” yelled the conductor of bus plated as 5545.

I thought nearly 4 sec. before the bus pulled on the stand and this is hike of insincerity, how could it be full?

I kept sitting there for few more minutes, breathing Chandigarh’s fresh aroma.

“Is this the bus for Shimla?” a descent and well groomed gentleman asked.

I instantly nodded.

“Don’t push.” exclaimed the doe eyed wheatish figure who was climbing the bus stairs as the person behind him, extra white, pushed him unknowingly.

“Excuse me. I am not at all interested in pushing you.” That neatly combed hair, whitish dude bounced back.

I was behind the duo. I got seat no. 43 in the last row between that hungry lamp-post and that whitish dude. Just adjacent the white dude and near the back door was the doe-eyed and to the other extreme was the descent gentleman. We occupied seats from 41-45.

As the journey was of about four hours so I picked out The Alchemist from my bag.

“Hello. I am Inderjeet Singh.” Lamp-post stretched out his hand towards the gentleman.

“I am Jai Chauhan.” He said as I strained my ears.

Inderjeet did the same with all including me. I came to know that the extreme white was called Dhruv Patel and that doe eyed as Messi Krishnan. With a blurb 5545’s engine ignited.

As my interest in Alchemist kept on building so the crispy sound of munching from Inderjeet’s mouth.

Bus took several serpentine curves up the hill and each curve threw Patel on Krishnan. Every time the same sulky look floated on Krishnan’s face.

“Enough, Mr. Patel. Now you are intolerable. I think the fault lies in your body posture and not in the driver’s driving skills.”

Suddenly Krishnan yelled. For the first time I looked out of my book. I, Jai and Inderjeet strained our neck to have a better view of the row.

“You better be in your limits. Have my seat and you will face the same imbalance.”

“Why should I exchange my seat? Whatever it is, if you don’t know how to handle your body, better ask for the conductor’s solitary seat.”

“Chill dude enjoy the weather. See its drizzling outside. I’ll play music for us.”

Inderjeet said pushing me behind with his toned heavy muscles and in the process misbalancing my frames.

“You don’t ever try to touch my spectacles. I warn you.” I raised my voice.

“Oh sorry, without them seeing would be a drastic problem, how could I forget, double battery.” Inderjeet giggled.

“Enough” Loud voice of Jai from the extreme end resulted in dead silence.

Fate brought us together again after reaching Shimla. We five had advance booking in the same hotel, Hotel Himachal Lap. As the excursion was an added advantage of the hotel, we unaware about each other’s plan ordered for the same. Again destiny played its part; we were assigned the same cab for the day’s local sight seeing.

First sight spot was Jakhoo Temple. It was a ten minutes upward foot journey with a stick must in hand, to keep one armed, if ever caught by the monkey mob on the way. We started in full excitement. My spectacles turned out to be amusement for them and unluckily I become their target. All of a sudden a plump monkey barred my way and due to fright I slid on that extremely sloppy path. A young one took hold of my spectacles and started playing with it dis-balancing the frame. I being horrified froze there. Patel’s courage saved me. He managed to pull me out of the sudden encounter. Krishnan’s face eased for the first time and I think I saw a hidden smile for Patel.

Next we headed for Chini Bungalow. I could feel the weight of the drops as the downpour intensified. Impaired spectacles disfigured my face and falling nature’s love blurred my vision. Monkeys were a common sight there and now they occupied most of my attention as if I had been there especially to have a look at them. Devastating creatures.

Sensing my anxiousness, Inderjeet all the way ridiculed me. Even Krishnan was enjoying thoroughly as if I was a complimentary amusement show. Nearby was mini zoo and while Inderjeet enjoyed his Mom made cookies and Patel mimicking animals’ photographs, Jai was busy discussing about the breeds with the zoo authority as if he was working on his thesis on Himachal fauna.

I avoided being photographed that day but Inderjeet left no occasion. Krishnan helped Patel for his solo photos. Jai turned out to be the real tourist guide. His brain stored a lot about the place’s history. Krishnan had a passion for photography.

Next we landed at stable to hire 5 ponies for riding our half hour journey to Kufri. I was a little frightened but never allowed the same to condense on my face and the rest of the crew appeared calm. Heavy downpour settled into drizzles but the narrow steep road was studded with many swampy pits. Way showed Fagu hill as well as deep gorges. Krishnan’s pony climbing in front of mine stepped into a pit and the dirt flew over my face. I thought even Krishnan’s pony was rude and unfriendly as Krishnan. Finally my thumping heart sighed relief on reaching the destination.

“It seems heaven. Let’s first energize ourselves with burger and maggi over that stall.”

Inderjeet occupied the cleanest furniture. As I and Jai kept on munching our burgers, Inderjeet was flirting with the Yak lady. Even Patel while ordering tea was busy stealing quick glances at that lady.

“How could Inderjeet be so? I don’t believe in all this. It seems mere wastage of time. What say?”  I said.

“So you believe in what all?” Jai questioned eyeing suspiciously.

“No. No. Don’t take it otherwise. I mean love is divine. It just happens for one time. You like the other immensely irrespective of all her faults. Whatever be the fate you don’t cease to love the other. One can never feel the same for any other person ever.”

“I knew that all those novels would leave some imprints on your mind. They were successful, I must say.”

“What do you mean? Don’t you believe in love?”

“No. This all happens only in films. Reality is different.”

“So you believe in useless flirting like Inderjeet.”

“Not that either. I don’t look at virtual things. Even later in my life if ever I plan to settle I would go for arranged marriage.”

“How do I look?”

Interrupted Patel, showing his Himachal dress. I thought to continue the discussion later and we both joined Krishnan who was busy trying one. We found a picturesque spot in the Shooting Valley and Patel hasty move upwards knocking himself down with me and Jai tumbling onto him after. Krishnan’s camera’s eye caught that. It was so awkward to fall like a fool and then being clicked with misbalanced spectacles disfiguring my face. Patel was so conscious as if the Yak beauty’s eyes were only for him. Inderjeet hurried with his costume to join us.

“Enough shoots here, let’s have some in hunters wardrobe with gun and hat on those beautiful pair of yaks.” Inderjeet commented.

“Why not you are the business correspondent of that polished Yak lady, aren’t you?” I asked.

“What rubbish. It’s just that where will you get a chance to have yak ride again isn’t it. What’s my fault if the owner is a gorgeous lady?”

“Let it be. Let’s go.”

Jai said stopping me and ruining Krishnan’s rising interest. Regarding Patel he was still doing what he had been doing for a quarter, stealing glances at the yak lady. Inderjeet managed to be clicked with the yak lady. While all others preferred solo snap. Instead of looking forward Patel eyes were caught looking sideways by the camera, for the obvious reason.

About three-four hours passed in the Kufri Fun World. Each moment was full of life. Trip for sure was resulting in increased hemoglobin and plump cheeks.

We rode back to The Himachal Lap. Had 

Buttermilk, Salad, Pappadam and Chowmein

for dinner.

Day turned out to be cozy as we finally accepted each other and had a hearty dinner together.

“Thanks Inderjeet.” I said as Inderjeet fixed the architecture of my big thick framed black spectacles. I think he is a game.

“Anything for you double battery.” He smiled.

I moved back to my room and enjoyed 

 and 

 till my brain slipped into deep sleep.

Next day, our bodies didn’t allow us to exert more so we planned to stroll down the Mall road and Lakkar Bazaar. I merrily posed near the St. Michael’s Cathedral board as my spectacles were in proper shape. As we five sat quietly on the pew, while other four pounding over what, I didn’t have faintest idea, I managed to focus my ears and mind on whatever the bishop was elucidating to the devotee.

“Son, don’t allow the past burden your heart. Just shed the baggage of your misdeeds. Try to repent and He will forgive you. Your mind and soul will witness eternal peace. May God bless you.”

“Wow.” Was just I could say. Bishop’s divine words were reverberating in my mind.

“Pardon?” Inderjeet said. “What did you say?”

“I just commented on those side walls clothed with beautiful, sparkling glass works. Aren’t they noteworthy?”

Inderjeet nodded and shut his eyes. It was strange to find him quite for the first time.

As we moved out, I tried to check out what the others asked from the Almighty.

“I offered my daily prayers and asked well being of my family.” Krishnan answered.

“Me too. But the medium was Hindi as I know only Hindi hymns.” Patel followed.

“I allowed my mind to rest peacefully. How often do I get such a chance?” Jai said.

“With such pondering your brain definitely needs rest.” I gleefully added.

“And what about you Inderjeet?” Patel asked.

“God must remold her heart. She must stop trusting people blindly and must cease loving them more than herself. She must only be surrounded by joy which she’ll have to discover herself. Just by being herself. He must do this for me and for one of His great admirers.”

“Who? Your mother.” Krishnan asked.

“Yes. The only one I truly love.”

Four pairs of eyes gripped him. Moments of silence followed.

As Krishnan kept capturing the serene beauty and our solo and group photos near Mahatma Gandhi’s, Indira Gandhi’s and Y.S.Parmar’s (First Chief Minister of Himachal), in the mean time Jai brought five cappuccino softy for us, after fully sucking the vendor’s mind about the Church Road.

Lakkar Bazaar offered Inderjeet shawl for her darling Mom, jackets for Krishnan, and handicrafts for Patel and woolens for me and spicy stalls for us. Jai preferred his stoppage to be The Himachal Library. Many a times I imagined him to be a Tourism minister or a Travel writer in near future.

“Naman, look for the stray dogs behind you.” Patel yelled at me.

Inderjeet continued “Quickly consume your left over.”

Hastily I pushed half of the burger in my oral aperture and slid sideways to move out of the hungry pack’s way. “Why all humble fauna is after me?”

“May be they are here to take revenge. Must be your last life’s pal.” Inderjeet winked.

After thorough viewing at Lakkar Bazaar we went to Mall Road. Clean foot road with beautiful shops at its edge paved way to just one statement that how could this be possible at such height and the same thought kept hitting my head every now and then. Only Jai bought something for his family. Rest of us enjoyed window shopping. Then we satisfied our noisy belly by having Tomato Capsicum pizza loaded with extra cheese. Patel’s eyes were toring apart lovely couple to a solitary view of the stylish ladies. This time Inderjeet wasn’t doing the same as his eyes were fixed on his belly’s love – food.

As we took road back to our lodging suddenly Inderjeet exclaimed.

“Look double battery I found another battery, perfect for you. You both will make a powerful torch and the light would be far-reaching.”

His quirky statements made all of them laugh in unison. I tried not to look at her but quickly stole a glance. A look at her drilled a hole in my belly, vanishing the pizza, eaten half an hour before. She was tall with waist long curly locks. Face was calm, innocent, milky white with spectacles hiding her eyes which definitely must be deep.

Twenty minutes walk seemed to be long as I framed a lot about that mall road girl. Lines from my favorite touching romantic novels flooded the view all the way. That evening I interacted less. Sometimes someone do a lot for someone without knowing what he did. Inderjeet kindled the spark that was sure to be lost in the mist clouds forming outside my room’s window. Bodyguard’s song 

 showcasing on T.V. soon drifted me to sleep.

Third morning in Shimla had ample in store for us. After filling us with Cottage cheese 

 with curd and pickle, we left. Tour driver on our much demand drove us down to Chadwick Falls. Inderjeet was busy munching again his Mom made cookies, which I didn’t know when would get over. Krishnan was busy shooting panorama. Jai was simultaneously enjoying the view as well as goggle updates on Chadwick on his blackberry. Patel was staring outside blankly. I remembered the spectacled girl of Mall Road.

Suddenly the tyres halted with a shriek near a milestone painted marked with Chadwick Falls.

“Sir this narrow steep foot path will lead you down there.” Driver said.

“Are you nuts? Wild animals are going to devour us on the way.” I answered giving reasonable logic. “And the first one to be preyed would be me. Animals over here have good taste for me.”

Even others refused and finally we headed backwards for Indian Institute of Advanced Studies. Palace was awesome. It used to be the residential grounds for Viceroys under British rule, when Simla was summer capital. The place witnessed round table conference before partition and simla conference. Place also flaunted the Court Gallery depicting Viceroy’s pictures and a cafe. Krishnan preferred a snap near the presidential chair while I near the great piano. Then we tried coffee at the institute’s cafe. Inderjeet and Patel were busy staring at two foreigners. The only difference being that one was straight observer while the other one looking through tilted lashes.

“I think that you two have multi-chambered heart.” I commented.

“Every human has multi-chambered heart. Its four chambered – Right and Left Auricles and Right and Left Ventricles. It weights nearly 250 gm. friend.” Jai replied.

I stared him being mystified by his science insight and this ridiculous joke.

“You know what I mean.” I cried. “See these boys.”

“What did I do? Infact you fancy that Mall road battery. Isn’t it?”

Patel really bombarded me. Speechless, I moved out.

Driver next drove us to the Shimla State Museum. It had a lot in store for us. It was the real feast for the knowledge hungry Jai. Provided ample opportunities for Krishnan to utilize his shooting skills and Patel stick on too the types of Indian brides sections. Though the showcase depicted well cladded and ornamented dolls as Indian brides but I preferred not to halt there as the memory of the Mall road girl made me nostalgic.

Rest of the days we spent exploring Shimla on foot. That was far more influencing then drives. Those two days gave us terrible cheek ache at the day’s end on account of ceaseless laughing and teasing we did all day. It seemed that days just slipped away. Time to separate soon arrived and locking the touching memories of the trip and mesmerizing photographs we headed in our own direction. However, we didn’t forget to exchange out cell numbers and e-mail ids.

On the way back toDelhi, again destiny, the Mall road girl got confirmed berth opposite to me. She was with her college friends. I managed to take her e-mail id on account of mailing some great Shimla photos thinking that asking for phone number would be embarrassing.

 

Our group photo taken by Krishnan sitting between the feet of 108 feet high Lord Hanuman’s idol at Jakhoo Temple is in my hand. Now I am happily married to my Mall road crush, Nirvika. Frequent doses of online communication paved way for the eternal bond. Krishnan is a renowned photographer in south. Now he laughs a lot and I bet no person could ever defeat him when it comes to humor. Patel is managing his family business. Jai joined Indian Forest Services and got married, that too love marriage. He found his love in his batch of IFS. He is presently posted in Kaziranga, Assam. Inderjeet has turned out to be the famous chef and his Mom has molted into the person he exactly asked God.

We all are meeting this year in Nov. 2012 in Kaziranga.

__END__

