Social Stories

Photo credit: 

 from 

This man is called abnormal. He thinks above normal way. His thinking and his conduct are not confirming the normal standard of thinking and conduct.

He thought that he should not accept what every elder says to him to do. Some elder said that his master is very nice and he should learn seeing him. He is Abnormal Man, so he examined what his master is doing. He found that his master is doing something, but saying something. He is always doing against his teachings.

“Don’t smoke and don’t drink, he says. But he drinks. While drinking, he smokes. He has all the vices. But he is a master. I can’t obey what he says.” The Abnormal Man said.

People branded him disobedient. People branded him abnormal man. People called him extreme and revolting man, because he sees everything with keen observation and opposes every blind following. He opposed the blind beliefs in the religions, so he is called non-religious.

He is branded as strong atheist. Perhaps most people who identify themselves as Atheists simply have no concept of any supernatural beings. They conclude that the existence of God can be neither proved nor disproved, just as the existence of invisible pink unicorns and the flying spaghetti monster cannot be proved or disproved.

Though Abnormal psychology is the branch of psychology that studies unusual patterns of behaviour or emotion and thought, which may or may not be understood as precipitating a mental disorder, so this abnormal man is not a man with mental disorder, he is just one who thinks against the way of existing order. This thinking makes him understand some concealed truths that help him understand people perfectly.

 

Abstainer is the man who restrains himself from doing or enjoying something. People usually 

 from things that are considered vices — like drinking alcohol or eating chocolate. Roots of the word 

 are from the 14th-century French, “to withhold oneself,” and the word often refers to people who abstain or keep themselves from drinking liquor.

He is called abstainer. He has no vices. He simply hears and does what elders say. He is a total abstainer. A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.

“He is weak. He has no guts to do anything. He is a negative for our thoughts. There is no difference between him and pet dog” someone said.

“What, you love that abstainer? He is good for nothing. What he can do in life?” One girl asked another girl.

“He is good. So I love him.” She said sincerely.

“Good is nothing madam, One should have guts to oppose the bad in the society. You need an abnormal man to love, not an abstainer like him” She advised her.

The girl who loves an abstainer is now in fresh thinking about her love.

Somebody asked him, “I think you are a total abstainer.”

“Of course, sir, but not, a bigoted one I am sir.” He replied confirming he is partially abstainer.

 

A man called Z is in complete distress. Someone called X wanted to help him by giving good advice.

Y is the friend of X and he understood the intention of X and his good heart.

“Wow, great that you wanted to help him by your advice. But your advice will not help him.” Y said.

“Why so? I know how to advice people in time.” X said with confidence.

“You can’t now in his case. Z lost his beautiful wife and now he is in distress for not getting assistance of a beautiful wife. What he needs is a wife, not an advice.” Y said.

“Wow! If that is the case, I am not right person to help him. I have to find a beautiful girl willing to help him.” X said dropping his idea of helping Z.

 

Ardour is a great enthusiasm or passion. It is a quality of distinguishing love without knowledge.

There is girl. She is extraordinary qualities of ardour.

She went to a beautiful boy.

“I know that you love me.” She said with confidence.

“Wow wonderful, how you know that?” The boy asked with wonder.

“I have ardour for love. I know about the love with out the knowledge.” She said.

They both are married.

His friend knows that the girl is not known to his friend before marriage. When he said all the things about his first meeting with his wife and her ardour of Love theory, the friend asked him frankly, “why you have accepted for her question that you love her, even though you do not know her before?”

“Just because she is beautiful, I accepted her ardour of Love theory.” He said.

 

Armour is a protective covering that is used to prevent damage from being inflicted to an object, individual, or vehicle by direct. The people serving in army need armours as warfare dress.

One person is in armour and a boy saw this first time.

“Uncle your dress is very nice. Where did you get it stitched?” The boy asked the person in armour.

The person understood the situation.

“I have a special tailor and he stitches my dresses like this only.” The soldier said.

“Wow, great, uncle… I too want to get the dress stitched like this for me. Who is that tailor uncle?” The boy insisted the soldier.

“Yes, but not now boy, you have to get big like me. Only then he stitches dress like this for you. He is blacksmith.” The soldier said.

The boy could not understand that why certain tailors do not stitch for children.

 

A man helped a family in problems. He is so nice person, so the head of the family started telling him a god.

Slowly the new spread like a wild fire.

“He is God!” someone said.

“Oh, he is God!” Another one said.

“Yes, he is God!” One more said.

“Really he is God!” confirmed one more.

That person is lonely. People carried him to a remote place where a temple is constructed for him.

He is telling that he is not a God, he is a common man like others. But People did not accept his words.

“God never says about him. He always says that he is not god. Let us worship” The devotees said.

So he is made god and he is imprisoned as God there and his temple is in strong custody. Nobody can release God from there. The devotees will be around him always and he is forced to give some advices.

__END__

