Social Short Story –  Mutto

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mutto mother’s wake him again and again when her voice reached his ears that today he has to go to his friend marriage , suddenly he jumped over his bed and get started ready for going on the marriage. He is vey confused because he is late , his friend called him lazy person and when he will reach the marriage hall they make him fool, when he is combing his hairs he came to remember that his frineds gave him the responsibility to change the Rupees into coins, because they had planned to spread the coins on the path where the boom will have to travel on the horse  to the bride’s home. He is very upset how he completely forget this main responsibility, he wore the new clothes  he said to himself  today i am looking a gentle man,  he took the money from his cupboard under his clothes where he hide them secretly, and run toward the bank .

He knows that her mistress go the bank when she needs the money, most of the time he went with her and she wrote  on the slip and gave to the counter and they give her money and she also signed that slip also.  When he is near the bank door he is too much confused and worry what will happen to him. He knows that the people who go the bank they have always the nice clothes and the bankers will say to them mam and Sir please. He think about his clothes he said to himself that i wore a new suit and pressed suit so don’t worry about it and took some step towards the bank door.

The guard open the door for him. He gets more nervous and when he entered the bank , he again nervous because every person is busy in their work no one notice about him, slowly slowly he walked towards the counter, fearly he asked the person that hi sir but his tongue stops. He took few step behind and starts shivering and sweating and his face turns red , he remember that if the person said to him to write or sign what will he do. He doesn’t know how to write and sign. He can only press the thumb impression on the paper, when he took his salary from the office he used to press his thumb impression on the voucher thats he only knows, in his confussion the banker asked him first he has to take the token from the machine and then wait for his number, he told him where the token machine is.

He slowly walks toward the token machine and stood quietly in front of it , he does’t know how to start the machine , how he gets the token. He is looking towards the machine as it is very difficult task he has to assign, he is too much confuse and worry about his responsibility, he is still standing  there thinking about what should he do. The second thought came to his mind that there is another way to change his money from the shops and this thought gave me the energy and ran towards the bank door as the dog is behind him and he quickly ran toward the market. It is the morning time and most of the shops are closed so he is searching for the coins from the opened shop , he is too much worried about the time and the promise which he made with his friend if he failed to get the coins then he has to give them treat in the hotel and he is too poor to fulfil his promise.

He asked many shopkeeper about the change but everyone refused to give him the change , now he is sweating with fear and disappointment and he is thinking what should he do while standing on the electric pole , and looking here and there from whom he can get help and the time is passing as it has wings he is too much worried.

In this situation he saw a old bagger woman who is next sitting to him begging people came close the her throw the few coins in the clothes in front of her , he was standing there for half an hour and watching her and he is also thinking what should he do, suddenly a simple idea came to his mind if he asked for the coins to the old lady , then many question raised in his mind can she gave him the coins , if anyone watched him  what they will think about him , if  his dad  will see him that he is exchanging the coins with the beggar how they will react , may be he beats  him in the bazar ,  his type of thinking forced him not to ask the old women for coins. but when he thinks about his friends and his promise , he cant stop himself to  ask her.

He made a courage with him and  slowly he walked towards him and said  can i talk with you for a while, she is quietly shocked  who is that person whom he wants to talk to her , first she starts begging and he said to her that he doesnt give her money  he only wants, he then stop and cleaning his face with his handkerchief  , the old beggar woman looked at him what he is talking about and if he is an police man or some itelligent person who disguise himself , she is also much worried about it , she said that she is not a thief or any drug selling dealer  , he is also confused after hearing her answer and said to her politly ythat he needs a coin only the old woman hearing this she is too angry to him she said that it is her income and this is her area why she give him her income .

He afraid if any one hear this what they think about him that he is lending the money from the beggar and how he can justify himself , if she shouts then the people will beat him badly and then they can handle to him to the police man , he will go to the police station instead of going to the marraige of his friend.

He again made a courage with in  him  to talk with the old lady , he said that please exchange with the money with  the coins , then she took a silent relief and said this is all you want , ok give me note then i will give you the coins , then he handed over the note towards her , she took the note quickly and saw the note close to her eyes . Is the note is real or not then  she starts counting the note and then give him the coins regarding the notes.

He took the coins and starts running towards his friends marriage. and he is very happy he atlast  he done his job.

__END__

