Social Short Story – Guilty Green

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mrs. Malini Ramkumar left the room screaming  at her husband Ramkumar as “I’m leaving to Busy Market Ram”.

We have heard Supermarket but what is that Busy Market? Actually this is the story behind the Busy market. At the Centre of the city, Nissy Market is located which is known for its famous shops comprised of groceries, Textiles , Sports shops, Jewels etc and the list exceeds. Adding attraction to the city, the Market “Nissy” is always busy with people buying things which add even more crowd in that area and also the traffic. So everyone use to call it as busy Nissy Market and later it get changed to “Busy Market”. Malini as usual went that day to buy some accessories like jewels, ear rings and bangles to “Busy Market”.

Malini is working as a HR in MNC Company. Her fair face with loose folds of skin reveal her age would be around 35 years. She used to dress elegantly and walks swiftly like a swan. Most importantly the jewels that she wears matching to her sarees are her specialty. She loved to dress up and buy more jewels matching with her attire. No doubt that is why she used to go “Busy Market” very often. This time she went to busy market not for her but for her colleague.

“Hey Malini you look very beautiful with your ring” this is her colleague comment.

“Don’t you know she always wear the best jewel. See how pretty is that locket she is wearing” another women interrupted.

“Malini Can you buy me a ring one like this. We have our friend’s marriage next week. I want to purchase something better. I know you are good at this” her colleague asked.

“Sure. Today I will go to busy market to buy for you” Malini smiled.

Malini searched for every nook and corner of the busy market but she is not satisfied with any types of rings in trend. Suddenly she found a big building with five floors saying as “Stop and shop” which stopped Malini to shop. She saw few Men wearing uniform alike giving some pamphlets to the people around the market. The shop was established just 2 days before and the pamphlet carries the special features of their shop. Each floor carries each type of artificial jewels like ear ring , necklace, Bangles , rings and other women accessories on all the five floors.

“Wow. This is what I’m looking for” after gazing through all of the sections she found a ring. After shopping for around 5 hours she was left with just Rs.10 in her hand. She almost purchased everything. She is very happy. When she about to leave for the day, a shiny emerald jewel set neatly carved with silver lining around it sparkled before her eyes. She could not resist leaving without having a glance at it. She took it with amazing look and tried to wear it. She just placed it on her neck and a women staff came to help her wear it.

“Wow I look so beautiful in this jewel. My favourite green color. I should definitely wear this for my office friend’s marriage.” Thinking so she kept her hand inside the bag. She could find just 10Rs left and its hardly needed for her to go home. But the jewel set prize is Rs 1000.

“What shall I do? I’m helpless. I cannot leave now as I’m not sure this beautiful jewel set will not long lasts here.” Her mind voice struggled.

“Madam do you have more stalks like this jewel in your shop? “ Malini asked the sales girl innocently.

“No Mam. This is our last piece left out” sales girl smiled and went.

Being helpless Malini looked out here and there. “shall I give other jewels I have purchased and buy this one. But what will they think. It cannot be taken back once paying money for it.”

When she was fighting with her heart and mind, a sudden thought flashed her mind.

“I have noticed her still part of the building is under construction and also there is less number of staffs we can see here. There is no cctv surveillance camera anywhere. Shall I take it without people’s notice?” Suddenly within a fraction of second she took the jewel set and hided it in her bag without others notice.

After several weeks, Malini never tried to come “Stop and shop” store in busy market because of the remorse she felt.

One fine morning, Malini’s office friends decided to leave for shopping at busy market. After refusing for long time Malini joined them for their compulsion to shopping. Busy Market is as usual very crowded. People are busy in buying things. Malini’s office friends went to “Stop and shop” which looks completed with its construction. Malini was not interested and she remains silent.

“Malini. Are you okay? Why are you so silent?” everybody asked. “What happened to our shopping queen?” one of her friend winked. Malini gave smile as her reply and at end all came to the jewel section where Malini once stolen the jewel set. Her heart felt heavier. They spent watching each jewels and gave their own suggestions to buy it.

To everyone’s shock, a security man ran and captured malini and shouted at her.

“Where is the pearl set Madam?” Malini is puzzled and shivered.

“We will not let you go until you open your mouth.”

He again forced her. Malini was dumbs trucked. Before she tried to say something, her friends came and argued with security guy.

“Sir you have mistaken. She is not the culprit, we have got the lady who actually stolen the pearl set”, sales lady explained him patting his shoulder.

“I’m extremely sorry madam. I was told to catch the women wearing white saree but I misunderstood as you are also wearing white saree”, hearing it Malini cried aloud.

All her friends consoled her and they left the shop immediately with her. Malini stopped crying after some time but the remorse she felt never stopped.

__END__

