Short Story Friends – The Untold Story

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

When you think of someone you loved so dearly, doesn’t it remind you of all the memories they left behind? Our story was simple. It was a beautiful but unfinished story. I have such good memories with him. I have known him for as long as I can remember. I went back further and remembered being 11-years-old. I was new, I was young. And, that very first day, feeling of nervousness when my heart started pounding. I remember how it used to be and what it felt like when nothing else matter but me and him.

“Are you mad? I can’t do this!”

 “Please”, he stood up and hung his head low.

 “Okay fine! I’m doing it. Happy now?”

 “You’re a really bad boy”, I whispered back.

And, that was how it began. From assignments, to hanging out, writing messages and calling each other. As time passed by, we grew more closer. We were more than just friends. It wasn’t about love, but there was a connection between us. A connection most of our friends didn’t know about. A connection so deep always told stories to itself. A connection as innocent as a fairy tale that nobody noticed.

His hair was long. I can still describe just how and where his hair fell across his forehead and sometimes upon his eyes. The way he use to remove his hairs falling on his eyes all the time by raising above his one hands. The way his watch always tend to fall from his wrist as it was so loose. The way I told him to wear his pants above his waist level and always made a cute face on it. The way he always walks by pushing his hands inside his pockets.

I can never forget that one incident which made me fall for him when he just fought for me in a game. He and one of his friend pulled my both hands like that of a tug of war and I ended up falling on his arms. He was able to pull me towards him though my hands started paining terribly. But, he won. Who would have thought that we would ever be more than a friends? He cherished me. We were more than a best friends. What we shared was beautiful.

One fine day, while returning from school. I went to his house. It had been raining heavily all week. As soon as he opened the door. I asked him,

 “Why are you not coming to school?”, shrugging my shoulders.

 “I would’ve, if it wasn’t for a nasty rainy weather”.

 I glanced at him angrily. He laughed.

 “Come! Come! You’re welcome to my clean room”. I crashed into a broad smile.

As I made my way into his room. I looked around and all I see was, clothes and books lying all over. He made a little space for me to sit. I gave him some important notes and taught him what he miss in the class since a week. Then, we started talking about all the crazy things and he gave me some of his playlist to listen. Out of all, “Far away” by nickelback was his favourite. It was a wonderful evening. I rarely enjoy an evening so much and later, he dropped me off to home.

 “Where have you been all day?”, my mom asked sternly as soon as I reached home. I hugged and told her I went over to my friend’s place.

 “Okay!”, she replied thoughtfully.

I remember him telling me once,

 “I like Prima, I’m confused how to approach her?”. Prima, she is my best friend.

 “Just go and propose her, you idiot!”, I laughed. He seemed as baffled at me.

Though, he never proposed her but I still remember him buying her a purple umbrella. He didn’t bought me anything. In fact, he never actually did but he used to treat me a lots of chips and baked pastries. Once, I performed singing the song “Welcome to my life” by Simple Plan, present at a school function. I still remember, with a little edge in his voice, clearly shouting my name and trying to cheer me up.

“It was so embarrassing…….”, I hung my head low in shame.

 “Hey! Shut up! There you was performing on the stage. You did great okay. Now smile!”. And I smiled. That every little thing was so fine.

Every night on my birthday, my phone rang at sharp 12. On the other end it was him. Though he’s late sometimes, like about two or three minutes.

 “Happy birthday”, His tone sound genuine.

 “Thank you so much”, I said in a childish tone every time.

 Sometimes, we seem to be a mere strings out of connection without point and pattern but no one could set us apart. We used to have long, nostalgic conversations. All the inside jokes, reminiscing about crazy days. We didn’t even realize when eight year passed. We have already known each other for so long when slowly love started to introduce itself.

As my 18 th birthday came closer. I called him. As always, he answered my phone call.

 “Hello”

 “Hey”

 “What are you doing?”

 “Playing with my guitar”, his voice sounded overtly casual.

 “When are you going to teach me? It’s been like a year.”

 “I’m looking forward to meet you next week.”

 “When?”, I said, trying to sound excited.

 “Sunday!”

 “So, you remember?”

 “Yeah, Ofcourse”, His voice firm, “How can I forget your birthday?”

 “That’s fine”, I laughed.

 “See you soon”, he said and hung up.

On my 18th birthday.

The day started out like any other day. As the clock struck 12, my phone began to ring and filled with messages from friends. It’s now 30 minutes past. However, I didn’t receive his message or a call and I didn’t call him either. Celebrated my birthday with family and later at night, all of my close friends got together for my birthday but he didn’t showed up. The celebration was filled with happiness and joy but it was all over very soon. That night I slept quite very late. I was happy.

The next morning was even more beautiful than the night before. With my eye partially open, I stared at my phone. Received few text messages but not his.

 “Hmm……maybe he forgot. That’s okay, I’ll call him later”

 I woke up bright and early in the morning. As usual, I had my morning prayers. Then, something happened, a news came, about which I had never thought about.

 “A C C I D E N T!!!!!!???”

 “yes……….”

 “W H E N!!???”

 “last night……..”

 “NO!!! YOU’RE LYING!!!!”

A long moment of silence accompanied me. Something pierced my heart. I didn’t speak anything. I couldn’t understand anything. I was wondering if it was real or just a nightmare. It felt like a bad dream and all I wanted was to wake up. I picked up my phone and rang his number several times but no answer. I cried in disbelief. My head was filled with words of regrets.

I remember talking with him one evening,

 “So, what’s next? After passing class 12th? We’ve only got a few months.”

 “I want to pursue my further studies in Bangalore and make my parents proud ”, he said

 “I’m so excited!!!”

He was passionate about everything, following his dreams and making them happen. His dreams, his ambitions, everything. Until one day,

 “God can’t be so cruel”.

All his thoughts and memories crowded my mind. Starting from the day we first met. I crawled into my bed and remained there, thinking about how my whole life had turned gray in one simple moment. I remember his last words, “See you Soon”. I couldn’t see him for the last time. I couldn’t get over the fact that he was gone. The lyrics of his favorite song “Far away” keep running through my mind. I wasn’t ready to say goodbye to him forever. Uncontrollable tears streaming down my eyes. The pain was so intense, I was barely breathing.

They say that the 18th birthday is supposed to be the most happiest birthday of your life. But, not for me.

 A day passed, then weeks, then months. Season changed, marching away to the meter of a quickening clock apart from his memories. Everything changed. Chilled winds grabs me everytime I went to the road that leads me towards his house. The sun no longer seems to shone bright on that road. Every night, I kept on playing his favorite song and end up crying, holding my pillow tight recalling everything about him. Happy memories kept haunting me.

Three years on, I didn’t celebrate my birthday because I associated it with his anniversary. My heart still aches.

 As my another birthday came closer. A friend of mine asked,

“Are you going to celebrate your birthday?”

 “I just, can’t….”

 “His anniversary……” I smiled. With a heavy heart and tear striked my eyes, only my lips moved.

 “Why not?”

 “ You’re a strong woman. Allow yourself to break down, but life moves forward right? Don’t let your love for him disappear. Cherish the thoughts and the memories as long as you can. It’s almost been a year. Celebrate his life as your birthday. I’m sure, he would want to see you happy”

These words tossed into my heart, and then I finally made a choice. As the sun starts to show up itself again in my world. I told myself,

“11 March 2016 and on, I’m celebrating your life as my birthday.”

–END–

