There are so many dates during the period of the whole year on which different world days for different auspicious occasions are celebrated as sanctioned by the UNO time to time to commemorate the days all over the member nations with enthusiasm. 1st. May is one of them which is being celebrated as “Labour Day.” It is also known as World Labour Day or International Workers’ Day.

It is well known to one and all that the labourers were being exploited by their employers in different ways all over the world. There was no agency nor any authority nor any rule or regulation nor law of the land through which such exploitation could be restricted or banned or declared as illegal act.

There are no such documents available by which we can know the exact date from which the exploitation of labour began with.

What we know is totally based on our past history that the labourers were exploited under the regime of capitalists, autocrats and dictators. The labourers were forced to work beyond their will or consent. In fact they were bounded labourers. None had the courage to raise voice against exploitation, if they were punished inhumanly.

They were paid the minimum wages for the maximum work. They led a wretched life in an unhealthy working condition.

With the industrial movement in Europe, with the exploration of coal mines and iron ores and with the setting – up of cloths mills the demand of man power went up suddenly and the labourers were appointed to work therein. In mines the job was hazardous and the working condition was unhygienic and in consideration of the labour and risk of life the wages was not paid nor necessary facilities were provided to them either in underground or on surface result of which their health was badly affected. They were ill – treated even for a trifle issue.

In most of the cases the ownership was in the hands of private companies and the employers were exploiting them at their sweet will. When they suffered serious diseases, they died at the early age and no provision for social justice was there. None was there to help them in hours of need. They lived as bounded labour.

The true meaning of labour exploitation with the beginning of this period the people understood what actually labour exploitation was.

Labourers started to be united everywhere in protest against exploitation in group. The owners tried their best to supress their voices against their demand but in steed of suppressing the movement spread all over the industrial units like jungle fire.

At last the employers had to surrender and to accept the demand on certain points of issues. They had to make agreement with the representative of the labourers. It was reckoned as “Turning Point” in the history of labour movement.

During the period of first world war (1914 -1918) there was disaster and disturbances everywhere on one hand and on the other the labourers got a golden opportunity to be united on a larger scale.

 It so happened that some leaders and organisations came into being to raise the voice for the rights and protection of labourers on national and international levels/fronts.

 In all the mines, factories and industries “Labour Unions” came into existence and started working for the welfare of the labourers. These unions functioned as an important chain between the owners and their labourers by regular meetings.

Again there was a “Turning Point” in the history of labour movement particularly when some of the employers adhered to the agreement and some turned down flatly. Those who turned down declared lock- outs in their mines, factories and industries. The action taken by such employers was viewed seriously and a movement took place against them, it was named as “Labour Movement” and Labour Union gained its popularity on the international dais for the first time.

The declaration no. 29 which was related to “Force Labour” was approved under the General Assembly of ILO on 28th. June 1930.

On 1st. May 1932 under section 28 it came into force and thus in the history of ILO and this date is now known as “Labour Day” and is celebrated all over the world with enthusiasm.

Under the provision of sections of the constitution related to “Force Labour” necessary suggestion and direction were given but even after the enforcement it was not taken seriously either by the employers or the government took any remedial measures to this effect. Consequently people started commenting that ILO worked hard on the issue but it proved to be fruitless.

 At last on 25th. June 1957 in the General Assembly in 40th session “Force Labour” was totally banned and necessary directive was given to the member nations to follow the provisions of the proclamation strictly in the right spirit and letters.

 It was another turning point in the history of “Labour Movement” for the cause of labourers.

The directives so issued by ILO to its member nations for strict compliance resulted in positive outcome and the member nations took it very seriously and enacted rules and regulations against “Force Labour” immediately in their countries in right perspective. It was a milestone in the history of “Labour Movement.”

Force labour was totally banned and declared illegal under the law of the land and whosoever broke the law of the land was punished under the provisions of law.

Some member nations banned force labour in totality and in a few nations there were rare cases of force labour after the enactment against force labour.

With the implementation of acts the labour community or group or class or society got relief to a great extent , they got a strong base to raise voice freely as a sort of human right and also got freedom to work at their sweet will.

When the very purpose of the directive issued by ILO to its member nations on roll was served, during the period of 1940 to 1980 the different proposals and objectives were declared in this regard time to time for information and necessary action at the member nations’ end.

It was clearly declared that labour was (is) not a commodity but a human being. The very doctrine of labour was appropriately defined and explained. Expression of right and freedom to make union was granted to the laborers for the first time in the history of labour movement.

 It was further declared all labourers are equal and should be treated without any discrimination and equal opportunity should be made available to one and all so far as their respect, economic security and social justice are concerned. Moreover they have the right to form trade unions and can take part in. They have got the right for social justice, adequate standard of living, civil and political rights, to work in a favourable condition.

 Thus time to time ILO an important wing of UNO have worked tremendously by way of their various declarations and proclamations in their meetings, seminars and in assembly solely, wholly and exclusively for the interest, security and protection of the laborers at large.

 Thus ILO under the guidance of UNO have done an exemplary work for the welfare of laborers by bringing light in their dark life and have been still in their mission to fulfill their objectives by raising necessary issues and framing rules and regulations for the welfare of laborers.

 As per the proclamation of 1971 the initiative was taken for “Workers’ Participation in Management” and most of the member nations gave importance to it and adopted and adhered to it.

 As per the proclamation of 1981 to give shelter to “Collective Bargaining” is reckoned as substitute of renaissance in industrial world.

 Since 1st May 1932 we have been celebrating it as “International Labor Day” with enthusiasm by way of organizing welfare activities all over the world but its celebration will prove to be fruitful in the right sense of the term when there will be improvement in standard of their living and their children are given equal opportunity to progress in society. It will be possible only when the government make welfare policies and act accordingly. It is first and foremost duty and responsibility of the employers also to think positively for their workmen and their family as of their own.

 1st. May is popularly known as “Labour Day.” It is synonymous to World Labour Day or International Workers’ Day. In most of the member countries this day is declared as national holiday.

 Let the employers and their workmen be united for a common cause i.e. maximization of profitability/productivity with quality in all around where they work together.

 Let there be mutual understanding so that the business, trade and commerce flourish and make the society a better place to live in with ease.

***

 Writer: Durga Prasad. PGD/MA (Human Rights), MA (Labour & Social Welfare), PGD (Journalism & Mass Communication), Bachelor of Law.

 ****

