Social Short Story – Why me? Why now?

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

I am flying, in the air at least 10-12 feet above the ground. Below me there are 4 lanes of cars which I am crossing effortlessly. I feel the gush of wind on my face and my eyes are set on sky above. But then my view changes as my eyes drop below horizon. ‘Somebody just cut off my wings.’ is what I think as I go plummeting to the ground like a crashing meteor. I feel nothing but a blinding light on my eyes and then darkness. For a couple of minutes there I can see nothing, hear nothing, but time is ticking as I get the feeling, sort of a sixth sense that I am being surrounded by people. A couple of them turn me over. I open my eyes slowly and wait for my blurry vision to get clear. The first thing I see is an extended hand close to me with the words,

 says he.

Someone I don’t know and yet I acknowledge that comforting voice by getting up. Effortlessly, as if nothing happened, I get back on my feet to see the road intersection I just flew over.

 he says while placing his right arm around my shoulder and we start walking. I am unable to see the person’s face clearly and yet I am walking with him, having full confidence in him regarding where he is taking me. As we walk the same road leading to the destination I came from, he asks,

 he speaks without looking at me, but in front where we are heading.

 I have to strain my brain a bit to recollect the recent memory. 

 I pause assuming he already knows what followed.

I end the sentence abruptly because there is something else bothering me. A thought that is hovering around in my head but for some reason I am unable to pin it down. Hearing my narration of the incident he simply replies with a, 

 and then continues to walk me down the road, leading to my home. As we arrive to the next signal we turn left to a smaller road. That’s when it hits me, a thought that should give me goose bumps but it doesn’t. I am hesitant to say it out loud, but then I do,

I am feeling light headed, but the surrounding appears normal. Regular streets that I walked countless times, same shops on the road side, though closed now, since it is early morning. The response of the man walking with me doesn’t help either as he simply smiles.

 I say.

But I have the answer with me. I’m not a flying superhero made of steel who could get hit by a speeding truck and walk away without a scratch and yet I feel no pain. Hearing my words, he smiles again, wider this time with another 

 of being pleased. It’s as if he knows the answer but he wants me to get there. Annoyed by his meaningless response I look at him again. This time I looked carefully to blow away the fog that is covering his facial features.

 I say out loud, pushing myself away from him. There was anger in my, 

but fear in my 

This kind of response from me is understandable since I am looking at the person who died a decade ago. My father, an alcoholic, died of a liver failure. He was the one responsible for our present condition; a hard working housemaid i.e. my mother and a school dropout 

 of the locality i.e. me. As the reality strikes me, everything around me fades away in a blinding whiteness. The only thing that is visible is, myself, a person look-a-like my father and the road leading to a small shack I call home.

 he says again extending his hand towards me.

As if hypnotised I move closer, then him placing his arm around my shoulder again we walk the visible road. There are many thoughts swirling in my mind. Never in my entire life did I think about death, I was a very realistic man. ‘Man’ is what I called myself. I never considered myself to be a boy since the time I turned 13, when my father died. I never mourned for him; it just made me strong, tough and emotionless. But now that I see him, happy, the way he was before alcohol consumed him, I was a boy again.

 I ask politely.

 he says pointing straight ahead.

Up till now my eyes were down on the concrete road, following the white painted line, using it as a guide to walk straight. But following his extended arm I look ahead. The shack that we were walking towards is there no more. Instead there is big dried leaf standing; 6 feet high and about 4 feet wide. The veins of the leaf are prominent. Starting one from the root of the leaf, as the vein grows higher it splits into numerous branches, ending at many points on the blade of the leaf. The veins are glowing with blue/red. The root vein is full blue, but as I move my sight upwards, I see some of the branches glowing red. Going higher the number of red branches goes on increasing until the highest tip of the vein is blood-red.

 he says as the leaf gets closer, 

When we stop, we are a couple of feet away from the leaf. That is when he starts explaining. 

 he says pointing at both of us

As I leaned in to look closer, I see that there actually is a white line. Just one line with no branches, distinct in the web of randomly scattered red-blue glow. As I trace the white line from the root, it starts with blue, but then there are red areas, which keep on increasing until the white vein meets the leaf’s blade in blue. All this time that I am trying to take in this new information, the only though in my mind that I care about, is what I say out loud.

 I say wanting an explanation.

 he says.

 I raise my voice.

 he asks, 

Normally, back among the living I would feel no guilt and give a bald-faced lie to get me out of the situation. But now, it’s different, I have nothing to lose and so I confess,

 I stop speaking. 

 I don’t say this out loud but his expressions tell me that he heard it all.

He gives me a faint smile and then looking at the leaf he speaks, 

 He says pointing at a specific area. Close to the blade where the white glowing line terminates, just before, there is a red branch splitting away which instead of ending at the leaf’s edge, it goes back to the main vein continuing to the topmost tip of the leaf. 

 he says, 

I take a step forward and place my middle finger exactly on the point where the red split begins. A fraction of second, that’s all I need as I push myself back with horror. 

 I think. In an alternate timeline as I saw her busy in the middle of road, I saw this as an opportunity. While she was standing steady I simply passed by her, mischievously patting her behind. She yelled at me and then became conscious early enough to escape a near accident. By then I had time to slip away. I wait for her to return, same place till the night. When the road is empty I confront her, tell her 

 boldly grabbing her wrist. But she resists, trying to free herself. I get angry; I force her to love me back, as decided. Dragging her to a dark alley I do horrible things to her, things I wouldn’t have guessed would happen earlier that morning.

 I argue thinking he might have god-like abilities based on the things I saw so far. 

I ask.

 he says hinting the current outcome, 

As he stops speaking I look back at the leaf. Beyond that red split, there is no branch that ends in blue. Then without him saying anything, I press my finger again on the leaf. I hesitate at first but then firm on that red branch; I slide my finger right up till the topmost tip. I want to know what worse could have happened.

I see, all of it like some sort of nightmare sequence of a Bollywood movie: Me running away after doing horrible things to the innocent girl, getting enrolled in a deadly gang, going underground in hiding, smuggling drugs, human trafficking, murders, and involvement in terrorist bombing. My mother still alive, facing all the criticism due to all my wrong deeds. In the end when the neighbouring people go to burn my mother alive with the house, I save and bring her to my place. Then I give her a loaded gun for her protection. Instead of thanking me she points the gun back at me saying that I am the one who is a threat to her life. As I stand fearlessly knowing she won’t shoot, she does and I drop dead.

Snapping out of this horrible alternate reality I stay frozen for a moment. After seeing all this, I should accept my fate without any resistance, but my bad attitude pushes me to ask one more question. Thinking that realizing his mistake he would send me back to the world of living. Just one question I ask,

Father is not surprised hearing what I just asked but instead he speaks calmly,

 he says reminding me the times when he used to call me that to show how much he loved me. 

He says in a heavy tone.

His tone softens, 

 He asks but doesn’t give me time to think or see for it myself. Instead he continues,

I stop him from speaking and I say those words myself,

-END-

Note: First of all, Thank you for spending your valuable time to read this story I wrote.

-This is a heavily fictional story which is why I wanted to mention a few points so as to assist you for a better read. My intention isn’t to change your philosophical or spiritual beliefs of life but for the sake of story please try to understand the following points.

-Death and afterlife has been a subject of interest of mine, for almost a couple of decades now. I want to learn how death chooses its victims but sadly there are no test subjects who can tell me more about death. Instead all I can do is to make my own theory by means of writing fictional stories. Hence, this story.

-Time as we experience in real world is linear. There is a fixed sequence that events follow but that is boring. This is why I have written the story in form of jumping back and forth in timeline.

-I believe that afterlife does not have sense of time. This is why the story is being narrated by the boy in present tense. This also helps in distinguishing the past events he recollects from the present.

-The process of transition after death I’ve shown in the story is what I believe in. The father doesn’t say anything until the son realizes that he is dead and then reality fades away. The dead doesn’t know he’s dead unless he accepts he’s dead by himself. He should decide to move-on all by himself too, after getting all his questions answered.

-I believe that even though as a grand plan our entire life is mapped out, still there are important events where we have complete freedom to choose what our future is going to be. Hence, I introduced the leaf as a visual representation of the idea I am trying to explain.

-In the world of the dead, I believe there is no such distinction as good and bad. These are manmade terminologies which is why I put those two words in quotes.

-Sorry to take your extra time. Hope these additional points have helped you understand the story better. You can always go to the top and read it again to achieve full clarity.

-Please do provide feedback in comments, irrespective of ‘good’ or ‘bad’.

Thank you.

