What An Amazing Chase And Win By Royal Challenger Bangalore

What an amazing chase and win by RCB on 2nd. May 2015 IPL – 20-20 cricket match over Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR). The match was scheduled to be commenced on from 4 PM but due to sudden rainfall it was delayed and allowed to begin with but the 20 overs match was curtailed to 10 overs only. Virat Kohli the captain of RCB won the toss and opted for fielding and consequently KKR had to come for batting. In 10 overs KKR made 111 runs /3 wickets, i.e. 11.10 runs/over. The cricket match spectators in the ground and outside the ground were of the opinion that it was too difficult for RCB to chase such a big score and to win the match. Gale and Kohli came with vigour and vitality to give an excellent start but they could made only 21 and 34 runs respectively and left for pavilion. Divilliers was bowled by Piyush Chawla when he was playing on 2 runs.

Mandip Singh a young man of merely 17 years old appeared as bolt from the blue after Divilliers was bowled out by Piyush Chawla. Kohli was still on the crease. When Kohli was out , RCB needed 31 runs in merely 16 balls means 2 runs/per ball about 12 runs/over. It was a very difficult task for the batsmen on the crease. Mandip Singh and David were batting. What Mandip bated was unbelievable. In the last 2 balls of 9th. over he batted two fours and in the last 10th. over he batted two consecutive sixes ant took the RCB to win this exciting match in 9.4 overs, two ball still remaining in hand bat. Mandip Singh made 45 runs in merely 18 balls whereas David 9 runs in 7 balls. The stadium was packed up and all the spectators stood up to greet this hero – Mandip Singh for his unforgettable contribution of 45 runs in merely 18 balls and widening the path to win this match.

 All the players of the KKR thanked Mandip Singh and David for their excellent batting and taking their team towards victory.

I was also watching the match on TV anxiously and noticed that all the players of RCB rushed to the ground to greet their hero of the match.

I noticed Virat Kohli, the captain of RCB coming forward with enthusiasm and greeting Mandip Singh leaning his head down with folded hands as a sort of due respect and honour for what he did for his team to pave the way to success like success. He was so overwhelmed with this unexpected win that he didn’t have words to speak out in appreciation. His both lips were tightly closed but his eyes were wide open like a lion. Wonderful! Amazing!! Unbelievable!!! With this unbelievable win RCB has superseded KKR in the Point Table as on date.

RCB ranks 3rd whereas KKR 4th. with +0.558 and +0. 171 , 4 wins out of 8 and 4 wins out of 9 respectively. The Twenty 20 cricket match will continue till 24th. May 2015 when Final Match will be played in Eden Garden, Kolkata (West Bengal) at and from 8 PM sharp. Let us wait and stare till then.

********

Writer & Journalist: Durga Prasad. Dated 2nd May 2015. Day: Saturday.

 PGD/MA ( Human Rights from Indian Institute Of Human Rights, New Delhi ), PGD ( Journalism & Mass Communication, NOU ) , MA ( Labour & Social Welfare ) , Bachelor Of Law ( Ranchi University )

 ****

