An Article about Children – A Child Needs More Morals than Critics

An Article about Children – A Child Needs More Morals than Critics

Moral persuasion is very important for a child during his upbringing. It makes him acquainted with the good virtues one must acquire to build a man out of a child. Mistakes are an inevitable part of humans and are bound to recur with new situations and instances. It is out of these mistakes that we learn lessons and teachings which are very important for growth of an individual.

But what usually happens is that once a child is mistaken there are 4 people scolding him and criticizing him for the mistake that he has done. Instead of giving the child a moral lesson about the mistake; the child is made to feel so miserable about the whole thing that he has done which creates a fear in the child’s mind which hinders him from trying new things and restricts him to be a proto type robot as per the commands of the parents and other dominating entities such as the teachers.

Is this what we want the future generation to turn out? Who have the fear of trying out new opportunities and do not actually gain anything out of the mistakes? This approach towards curing the child’s mistake is bad. It not only creates a fear in the child’s mind but it affects the relation that the child shares with others as well. Later in life when a child does the mistake he would lie and hide his mistake because he has known that the end result is, him being thrashed by elders. This is not what we expect from holistic development of a child.

The aim is to kill the sin not the sinner the same way the aim is to cure the mistake and not burden the little soul with fear and distrust. When explanations are given and the child is given a moral lesson with the mistake he has done. The child understands the mistake better and he knows what he should be doing in situations like this. It makes him cautious about situations instead of a scared coward running away from such situations because of fear.

A child is like a clay sheet and the morals and critics that he undergoes are imprints which remain moulded forever. Hence I would conclude by saying that critics may be important at a later stage when competition is understood. It should aim to better the performance and skill rather than creating a fear in the child that he doesn’t even attempt to participate.

__END__

