Living for the sake of others are worthless and useless.

People will always let you down. The more you’re concerned about them, the more you’ll often be hurt. No matter how higher your responsibility towards them but they wouldn’t understand and even try to understand you. People are always like that when we care for them, you’ll be hurt, and if you don’t care, also you’ll be hurt as well. 

So why are we care for them? Concern, care, and responsibilities that been carried away to fulfil their dreams while sacrificing your dreams are stupidity. 

These eventually not going to give happiness but suffering. So stop thinking about others. The more we think about others, the more we lack attention to our own. So let us stop bother about others and focus onto ourselves.  

Concerned more into yourself provide excellent quality. We should live our life to the fullest and not for others.  The more quality time we can spend to ourselves. The more we learnt about our own self.  A spare of time for your own leads to a lot of achievement and discoveries of passion and dislikes as well. You can even become a much better person by correcting your own error since you’ve had quality time to fixed yours besides helping others to make them being perfect.

Selfish meant to be to care your own life ahead than others and not ignoring peoples when seeking help. 

In this world, we have to understand the difference between lending hand whenever needed rather than helping them to promote or create a good life or future for them.  If we go far beyond that than people will criticise and even misinterpret that we control them. Why want to involve in that trouble?

That is the limit we have and don’t go further as it can spoil any relations and turn into a mess.

The simplest way is being selfish. Caring for your own and spending for personal eventually harvest your life to be the more matured person. Being this way, no one can hurt you. You’ll have ample time to decide your own life to be the most worthy and happy. No wasting of tears for others due to disappointment that causes from giving to much care for others. So we don’t have to damage our feelings anymore — abundant life in the depth of your soul and not based on an asset. So let be the rich live for our own first. 

–END–

