Article – The Taste of New

Photo credit: 

 from 

Good things in life come to those who take risks. If you avoid any new experiences then you are missing out on the best that life has to offer. Before you go any further, ask yourself if you are happy with your current state or do you ever dream of doing something else, something more? Do you think reaching out to other people, trying something new or doing anything you view as uncomfortable, could be a rewarding experience? To feed your thirst for creativity, you have to step out of the safe-ring and discover new resources. This quote by Sir Mark Twain beautifully deciphers the deep meaning behind making use of all opportunities to have a contented life. The key to the door of delight, pleasure and perfection lies within your heart.

The world as of today is gradually changing, and with it is changing the human race. Education has become one of the most important and necessary means of leading a comfortable lifestyle. For many, it’s ‘No Knowledge-No Job- No Life.’ Ever recalled what schools were like back in those days?

The same classroom. The same teacher. The same conventional methodology and the same kind of thought processes. Every individual was like a vessel filled with traditional and orthodox mindsets.

Going out of the way was something no being dared to do.

Since the evolution of basic education, people have changed. Their mentality are now much more unprejudiced and unbiased. Einstein once said “Happiness is the ability to enjoy the passage of time.” Different people can attain joy in so many different ways, but to everyone it is all that really matters. At some points in our lives it’s difficult not to think that happiness is had by material products- of course the newest technology, the nicest clothes around, or the dream house. But we must not lose sight of what really should and must have made us happy. Those who take up the unwanted path and move ahead in it with passion are the successful ones in life. This is the real power of knowledge. Over the years, it has allowed us to look into certain varieties of lifestyle.

It is very easy to say something but very difficult to follow the same. As per my opinion, I feel listening to our hearts in the toughest decision of our existence will lead us forward. Going out on a limb to try something new takes confidence and self-love. Doing the undone is in itself a very herculean task. Waking your brain up and telling it that you’re not just here to go through the motions is what matters. Sometimes a slight bit of outlook is all we might need to attain a great admiration and sense of value for the things around us. Things like daily family routine, time with our peers, professional careers, and socializing all seem completely new and revived when you chose a different view-point of looking at yourself.

Not all can do, but everyone can try. The practice of trying is what takes you from base-level to the highest pinnacle. It is completely clear to us that happiness is difficult to define and even harder to measure. We may consider it to be a combination of various elements leading to synchronicity. Not restricting ourselves to a certain mentality is like boarding a train to experience an unforeseen journey.

One thing is clear.  To give your 100% in everything, live the very moment. This enables us to look out for the future in a wider perspective and welcome change with hands open.

the opportunities. 

 wild enough to fulfill your life goals. 

 your inner self and let loose your spirit free.

###

