 

What if we had the power to see what’s beyond the surface, the power to read into someone’s personality, would we still be racists to each other? Would we still make prejudgments from first meetings? Would we see a color make a difference? Would we see someone’s religion as a big deal? Before we answer to these questions, do we actually need such a power?

I don’t think so.

What if someone said to you that you were born a racist, would you believe them?

I personally don’t think so. It’s simply because we as humans were/are born clean from all these discriminations; we didn’t inherit such bad qualities by birth. We only begin to hear such terms when we merge with such a society.

It’s almost impossible to live in a society where such terms are not used. People begin to fall in the abyss of discrimination when talking to similar people. I once thought that befriending bad people would not, in any way, affect me, but it gradually did. These bad traits, these people exhibit, start to transmit to us unexpectedly. So what’s the cure? It’d be easy to cut ties with similar people and live peacefully, but not always, because that one person could be your family member or a close friend, so what then? Well, the key to surviving such an illness is to beware of them. Knowing that something is wrong and taking the precautions of committing such a crime will help you block it.

We(most of us), as humans, tend to believe whatever people spout about others. We never check for facts, we never give others the benefit of the doubt. Why do we not check ourselves -whether or not – these are true facts about them?

Maybe someone from the crowd may ask why inveigh against something we already know about? Well, you see we already know about this predicament yet we don’t intend to resolve it. People say racism is bad, but they still keep on being racists.

In this modern day, right has become wrong, and wrong has become right – such an irony! How do we plan to have a good coming generation if we ourselves are not?

–END–

