Article on India, Poverty and Corruption

Photo credit: 

 from 

First of all we understand about the india, what is the meaning of India why we called India …. So there is lots of traditional reasons behind them … But in a short India refers where all the religions people live together, where all the languages is being used. All peoples celebrate their cultural program together either the muslim, sikh , hindu or christian there is no caste ism here. India is a democratic country. Its a very basic things in india.

Let Introduce the poverty now, poverty means for those people who cannot be fulfill their basic need and everyone knows whats our basic needs what are the things which we need on daily basis.

In the ancient time or you can say Our forefathers told us that india was called as Gold bird . India was the richest country. But now this statement is totally wrong no one can believed this statement. India was that country where all the god goddess based. The mughals, maharajas were there. But gradually, all the things were demolish.

Britishers came they demolish our country and after the independence the politicians demolish our country. The poverty comes under the india  just because of lack of knowledge, illiteracy , corruption and you say kalyug comes in india. Everywhere no one heard the good news.

Basically, the poverty comes under the india just because of illiteracy, lack of knowledge about our country or the people. Our govt. provides them good facility for their benefits because if they are providing the facilities to the subject the subject will give them the vote and they are the king of india.

The inflation of prices day by day, corruption, raps, murders, theft etc. We heard these news daily and what our govt. do for those nothing they just providing us” dilasa ” its very autrious for us that if the king ( govt.) will not take care our subject then how they accepts from us to do better to create our india images.

Some of the people tried to remove the corruption and all the things the best e.g. Anna Hazare ji but what happed our govt. sits on their corner because they knew if we removed the poverty, corruption and all then whom we are motived for our purpose how we earn the lots of money. In every corner every state all politicians were doing there work for their benefit not for the janta profit. They fill their pockets because they dont have a work they dont want to do hardwork as they know that we have lots of money if its declines then we cut the local janta pocket to increase the rates of food, fuel , shelter etc. and again we earn the money.

In the end its not the least but when we finish all the major issues and resolve them then may be we create a new india as pervious the gold bird.

Regards

Harsheeta

