Well, short dresses attract unwanted attention and that’s the first line which comes to your mind when find me strolling in salwar-kameez and thick-rimmed glasses.I would not like to defend my choice rather recommend people to wear clothes that suit tropical climates like ours. I believe that wearing airy comfortable clothes doesn’t give someone a conservative perception. Interestingly it is associated with backwardness.

Wow, Really! Some in the guise of modernism may even call out loud “arrey,aa gayi behenji.” The whole idea is hilarious. This also has a reverse psychology because it is a complex psychiatric point of view. After all having a view is only complicated in this country. It is like we should just nod our heads after every question, that is the idea of duty for us.

Interestingly, I have also come across people who have considered me polite, decent and ‘sanskari’ but then my straight forward answers made them bang their heads against the wall. My disagreement on issues made their jaws-drop, since I was a sanskari type. The most important characteristic to my personality is that I can speak in chaste Hindi, which usually comes with a query of “Isko angrezi aati hai”.After all I come with one tag ‘behenji’ and an detailed study of the word would tell you that nothing could establish my image beyond a salwar-kameez clad girl. Even those you could deem logical would come up with same quip.

What takes the crown away is that I am a vegetarian by choice and I am a Bengali. Yes, the fetish ed fish eaters and the ones who have a marriage tradition with the aqua creature. They obviously fall from seventh heaven while coming to terms with it. When our country is fighting over the ban on cow slaughter that seems like a relevant. Some may even point out that I am encouraging the ban. The debate over the food in one’s plate can become a national issue. Well, thats progress.

The reason behind my choice is simple. Vegetable was like the friend who never got into the cool group of dishes and I myself was much like that friend. Things won’t ease out if you hadn’t had a date with makeup or literally the date with someone. Hey I am not complaining since I lie on the fairer side and you know which fairer I am speaking about.

–END–

