Article – I Am Somebody

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Everyday is a eulogy on race

 Every hour we face fear,

 as we pray and cope…

 Another pale day we face, our race.

Word have become a cold mystery of fate

 Words now hide behind its meaning

 Dreams hide behind a cloud of mist

 Brewed by the water boiling over.

Every word lived is not promised

 Every word tasted is savored

 Words have become ideas

 That emanated mixed feeling of bondage

Hidden words lie behind faux meaning

 Words lost in meaning fading afar

 Invisible to reason

 My last words act freely

Time is darkness that feeds an addiction

 To be loved and cared

 Beyond my last request

 Beyond this long journey

 It is the hand that feeds my strength to carry on

 It is the hand that has slain the star of death

Everyday is a eulogy of race

 Asking God to free our lost souls

 With the wisdom to know better

 With the heart to preach love

Everyday is a eulogy on race

 Every hour we face fear as we pray and cope another pale day

 Words have become a cold mystery

 Words lost hide behind meaning

Dreams hide behind a cloud of menagerie

 That drift and disappear in fear

 Every word lived is not what it seems

 Every word is borrowed time

 Words are ideas alive

 As you feel them finding

 Hiding secrets behind the lies

Invisible to reason

 My last words hold my fate

 Having lost all meaning

 Time is the dark that feeds

 Behind your last request

 That feeds the slain star of death

My relationship with God is full of hope, wisdom and experience. With God in my life, I would be unstable. Love is an addiction one cannot resist. The myth of true happiness begins with accepting God in your life. Without faith, there is no hope. One finds God once she identifies with who she is. She will relate to faith by releasing all the hate inside so her soul can act freely. I have found that in order to cure your inner being, you must find the supplement to heal the pain that if not cured can be used to break you.

I have been sick for some time. Until I found trust in God, I began to heal. God listens. God answers your prayers. Everything else in the world is circumstance, but willing, God will find the way. I was lost and now I am found. I was blind and now I see. I see because I solved the root of my problem when I realized that I am the blame for my faults, in thoughts and in words. I am a victim of being depressed and suicidal. For many years I was asleep and I failed to understand what was wrong. In order to find eternal happiness, begins with me. I was a victim of putting my goals in life above God.

It was then my agenda altered. I became dysfunctional. I feared my life was ruined and I lost all reason to live. The small things in life were big to me now. The life I had was not worth the misery. I became stressed and I could not concentrate until I prayed for God to help and it is when I prayed what mattered most meant the world to me. I could hear the voices talking, but they did not disturb my thoughts from loving God. Prayer overcame my worries. Prayer sustained my fears. I learned to balance my life with faith and prayer. It is then I found myself, because, I learned to accept me for who I am.

I was too quiet, I was too sensitive, I was too shy, I was not pretty, I was never smart as everyone else and it became an addiction to please everyone, because, I felt insecure. I became a victim of my self-thought and the root of my problem began with self-hate. I changed when I found God. God made me feel beautiful because I believed that I am someone, established by faith and my choices can make a difference in everyone’s life not just my own and if you are in disbelief, say to yourself, I am somebody until you find yourself.

__END__

