An Article – Bad Morning in Mumbai due to Local Trains..

Photo credit: 

 from 

Office-Home-Office-Home-Office-Home —) WEEKEND.

AGAIN – Office-Home-Office-Home-Office-Home…

This routine continues without any end here in MUMBAI, at least, for me.

I have to start my day really early due to ugly office timings.

Before I inhale fresh air in the morning, pressure dances at the background of my mind compelling me to get ready for office. There is no time whatsoever to think more than what is required to live a mechanical mediocre life here. They say – one has to be on their feet to cope up with the pace of the city, else, life collapses.

True, till certain extent, as I get ready quickly at morning and get out of my flat to catch auto in order to further catch train from station. I have observed that ego of Auto Driver here soars high during morning hours and to get opportunity to sit in their rickshaw render more happiness to me than salary day. After adjusting big bums in small seats of rickshaw, somehow I manage to reach Station. After reaching Station, I insert ear phones and switch on radio to hear my beloved RJ (.) and rush to platform finding way between uncontrollable caboodle of people.

To get entry in train here is more difficult than cracking interview for top tier job. How I manage it? One may never understand it unless they experience the same.

Actually, my parents ensured that I get quality education in good educational institutions throughout my student life, so that I’ll become civilized member of the society. But to my or may be (Society’s) misfortune, to get entry in train, I have to embrace my wildest instinct.

Once you are in, try to find stability in your posture and close your eyes. Otherwise, either you’ll break down or lose hope on humanity. Also, your eyes shall be compelled to see best ever bald oily heads and simultaneously someone will fornicate you. One doesn’t have any option but to passively tolerate it.

After all this onerous experience, if one reaches office and get diplomatic accolades for getting late. I don’t have words to retort against such aspersions.

Life’s tough but still a nice song in your radio station channel may help you forget and forgive everything but the same rhythm goes on and on…

 __END__

