Article – DON’T YOU WANT TO BE HEALTHY

Photo credit: 

 from 

If such a question arises in a meeting of more than a hundred people from the different professions were the participants and the nutritionist and the dietitian were invited to reply such a question.

 I was also one of the participants of the meeting.

 First of all as usual everybody was introduced to the dignitaries on the dais. In turn the dignitaries were also introduced by the Principal of Roy Academy to the participants. The meeting was organized with a view to apprising the participants of the certain important factors on which health in particular and wealth, prosperity, happiness and peace of mind depends upon in generl.

 The chief guest who is an educationist asked from the participants what exactly they wanted as number one in their life first.

 I was sitting in front raw as a guest of honour. I said, “It is the health that everybody wants”

 Somebody said, “It is wealth.”

 Then a young man by profession a para teacher said, “ Health is wealth, so it is health, not wealth.”

 All agreed to it that health is the most important factor that everyone wants first. The nutritionist who has a very experience in what one should do for one’s health.

 What I learnt from him is as follows:

 There are only four factors on which good health depend upon:

1.Positive thinking: We should have positive thinking in our mind and accordingly deal with and deal in positively with whom we meet or come across in day to day life in connection with different work or activity. It is one of the most important factors due to the fact that much of our time and energy is wasted and lost in thinking unnecessary of unwanted things, our mind is filled up with garbage. Once our mind is filled up with garbage, we cannot restore good things in it. We are addicted to bad habits on one hand and on the other we lose interest in good things gradually. Ultimately we are changed into men of negative attitude or thinking the result of which we lose the peace of mind and suffer from stress and strain. Neither physically nor mentally we remain healthy and fit to discharge our duty efficiently and effectively. We fail in our business or in our profession. A time comes when we don’t have adequate fund in hand to support our livelihood. We are so worried that we suffer from hypertension, blood sugar or heart disease. We leave for heavenly abode prematurely leaving the family in utmost scarcity.

 In almost all religions the message or lesson of positive attitude or thinking is given importance for the betterment of human life.

 Positive thinking or attitude saves your time and energy, keeps your mind cool to deal with or to deal in, refrains you from unnecessary involvement, refrains you from addicting to bad habits and so on.

 Your time is saved and you can devote much more time for the progress and prosperity of your business or profession, moreover for your family members with ease.

 Such persons with positive thinking or attitude can:

 A)Make assessment what is to be executed within which period or time at what cost or investment.

 B)Can plan properly.

 C)Can implement the plan rightly.

 D)Can have better control over work/job.

 You can enjoy peace of mind, you can be far – far away from any stress or strain the result of which you remain healthy and fit and your family they also follow you and they remain healthy and fit – they can be your working hands to assist you, coordinate you and cooperate you in your work or duty, thus your business or profession can flourish day by day and one day you can touch the height of success.

 You can be free, fair and frank in what you do for yourself and beyond that.

 You can live and lead your life peacefully and cheerfully and when you leave for heavenly abode, you can leave with sheer smiles on your lips – all may cry for missing you but you can smile departing with them.

 2.Balance Diet: Everybody knows “ Health is wealth ” but a few take care of their health – whatever, whenever and whenever they get, they take as intake which causes adverse effect on body and mind the result of which they fall a prey to various contemplated diseases.

 If you want to be healthy , you will have to take balance diet every day without fail.

 First of all let us define balance diet and what items it contains:

 Balance diet is defined as required amount of intake as a sort of food and drink in quality and quantity that a person has to take regularly every day as breakfast, lunch, refreshment and supper ( so called dinner ) at night before going to bed. Balanced means measured or prescribed or fixed quantity of diet that a person takes at different intervals.

 Balance diet can keep you healthy and fit – it energises your body and mind that you can be comfortably able or capable to do or discharge your duty/work/ assignment/job or so to say your responsibility efficiently and effetely in right perspective at the right time for a right cause or purpose.

 You require a certain amount of calorie which differs age to age. You will have to take balance diet that can provide you that required calorie every day to keep your body and brain. The diet you take is digested and absorbed in your body and generate energy every now and then the moment you take it.

 Your balance diet is based on quality, quantity and variety of food you take whole day at different period of time or at different intervals.

 The balance diet which you take must contain the necessary ingredients or essentials in a certain quantity with quality:

 1.Carbohydrate

 2.Protein

 3.Vitamin

 4.Mineral

 5.Calcium

 You can take such food and drink that contains the prescribed amount/ variety of these essentials in your diet. It can provide your body and brain the required amount of energy in form of calorie. You can consult any nutritionist or dietitian as to what and how much you can take every day at different period of time.

 3.Regular exercise: In order to be healthy and fit you will have to take exercise regularly.

 Some of the recommended exercises are as follows;

 a)Morning walk – half or one hour daily before sunrise.

 b)Swimming

 c)Mountaineering

 d)Yoga and meditation

 e)Pranayama

 f)Vyayaam

 g)Outdoor games and sports like football, cricket, volleyball, kabaddi.

 Note: You can buy necessary machines which can provide you opportunity to take regular exercise at /inside your house if you live in a city/metro city.

 I have got the T M T computerized machine – cost varies from 40K to 1 lac rupees of different brand or make. You can buy through authorized dealer or distributors only.

 Or

 You can attend Gym. regularly being a member on a certain monthly payment if you cannot afford the money to buy machines of your own.

 4.Proper Rest: After your work is over either of mind or of body or both your Working limbs of your body and mind become tired which require proper rest particularly at night , may be even in day who have to do shift duty in night – most probably from 10 PM to 6 AM for a week or so and in such a working hours of duty. You can adjust yourself accordingly for your rest.

 Proper rest is recommended for sound sleep at night or day continuously for 5/6 hours for major and for minor rest hour increases.

 Proper rest soothes your tired body and mind and you can feel/realize afresh when you get up from your bed next morning.

 All these four factors can play a vital role in keeping you healthy and fit physically as well as mentally – enough vigor and vitality are generated regularly in your body and mind that can help you to live and lead a happy, pleasant and peaceful life. Your life can be just like a melodious song you can listen to, you can enjoy it whole day – whole life if I’m not wrong.

 Dear readers,

 Life is a very precious gift of God – free of cost and as such it is your first and foremost duty to keep it healthy and fit.

 Wishing all of you a good day – a happy Holi !

 Durga Prasad.

 Please give your views how you feel when you read it.

***

 # Quote of the Day = “ It’s not more important what we get that what we give.”

 ******

