Article with Moral Lesson – Life is not a Cakewalk

Photo credit: 

 from 

Life is never a cake walk. Life gives us hope and courage to live. We experience both happiness and sorrows while moving ahead in life. They are two sides of the same coin. There is no single person who has not faced any problems while climbing the ladder of success. There are both joyful and sad moments in life but that does not stops us from living life to the fullest and give a full stop to our ambition.

Everyone who has made it to the top had some exceptional qualities of fighting back and not giving in to failures. There are many who give in to circumstances but there are very few who fight back and are not ready to surrender themselves to the unfavorable situations. It all rests in our hand as to which path we choose and how far we travel. Its very correctly said that

“ Only those who risk going too far can probably find out how far one can go.

Things are never easy for anyone every one has to face life miseries and return back to face the world with an open heart. Life is not a cake walk each and everyone has to do their part inspite of all setbacks. Every person who made it to the top had persevered day and night and had one single dream to succeed. Success never came to any person easily but it came to those who worked hard and had a far sighted vision. Sometimes we think why god chose us for so many miseries, but what we forget is god chose us to be different than the masses and do something great.

Our lives are more and more being governed and we will soon be losing more of our rights.

Be prepared, to lose the money you earn with all the hard work you do.

 Be prepared, to lose your jobs to illegal immigrants.

 Be prepared, to lose the ability to send your kids to college.

But also to lose, your right to bare arms… against enemies, foreign and domestic.

 Your right to free speech.

 Your right to privacy.

Slowly, and mostly without you even realizing it.. you will “Voluntarily” give away those things that so many have fought and died for… The things we take for granted.

__END__

