Life! There are so many definitions of life out there. Different views, perceptions, myths and experiences. One thing what I have learnt from life is its simple unless you make it a complicated one. It’s full of emotions and it should be otherwise there is no meaning of living it. A TADKA is must in a Sabzi so as in Life. Emotions are must in one’s life. Apart from emotions what matters the most is little things in life. You gotta appreciate the little things in life that can include anything. A little smile to expensive gifts.

You know what we grew up thinking that our parents didn’t understand our struggles or some things which we wanted but the actual fact is they made sure that we never felt their struggles to make sure of our happiness and needs. We should respect that and feel privileged to have them in our life. An orphan understands the pain of not having parents. Your small gesture of appreciation or thanks can make their day. Same applies to the relations. If you are married then appreciate your wife who leaves her house and all comforts to make your life easy and most importantly a happy one. If you see an old man helpless, try to help them. Give your seat to a pregnant lady or aged people in the public transportation you use. These are little things which shows not only your manners but these will give a satisfaction of doing some good. Enjoy the satisfaction that comes from doing little things well. Happiness feels better if it is shared. Have a partner with whom you can share everything and whom you can call at midnight to tell your problems. This partner can be anyone your parents, brother, sister, girlfriend, wife or a may be a trustworthy stranger, too.

Ratan Tata said beautiful lines in his lecture of Symbiosis College’s convocation function.

“Don’t just have career or academic goals. Set goals to give you a balanced, successful life. Balanced means ensuring your health, relationships, mental peace are all in good order. There is no point of getting a promotion on the day of your breakup. There is no fun in driving a car if your back hurts. Shopping is not enjoyable if your mind is full of tensions. Don’t take life seriously. Life is not meant to be taken seriously, as we are really temporary here. We are like a prepaid card with limited validity. If we are lucky, we may last another 50 years. And 50 years is just 2,500 weekends. Do we really need to get so worked up? …It’s OK, Bunk few classes, score low in couple of papers, take leave from work, fall in love, fight a little with your spouse… It’s ok… We are people, not programmed devices..! “Don’t be serious, enjoy Life as it comes”

The simple meaning of this lecture stands for “Don’t go through life, Grow through life.” Your childhood remains awesome. Do you know the reason? It’s pretty simple. We had no worries at that time. We used to enjoy the present moment. There were stupid things to get serious in our childhood. Life can’t be same at all time. We have to face realistic problems as we grow up in this materialistic world but that doesn’t mean we have to get so much serious that we forget the basics of living it. Respect the work but don’t forget your dear ones in the work mess. Spare a moment for yourself. Some people say it’s a cruel world out there and some say it’s a beautiful world out there. Whom we should believe? Again it’s pretty simple. It’s all about you. How you see the things? It’s all about NAZARIYAA as I always say. Surround yourself with good people. Everyone in our life comes with a great purpose. Good people will support you, care for you and stand with you in every situation. While bad people will teach you something. Learn from that mistake and move forward. You will meet so many temporary people in your life. One thing you have to understand is you cannot make everyone happy. “Duniya to bhagwan se bhi pareshan he, hum to phir b insaan he.” So, just relax, do your best and live life as it comes.

Problems will come and go what matters is the process. How you see that problem, analyze it, face it and solve it. The whole process will represent your character in front of the world. Some will pass with distinction and some fail. It’s OK to fail sometimes. In fact, I personally feel that one should taste the failure once in a life because the success coming after failure feels priceless. It’s just awesome. I used to give letters to thank the people who teaches me something or who gives me the best memories. What’s yours? Show the importance to people in your life, appreciate them and see the magic of happiness. Life is always about creating yourself rather than finding yourself. We respect the things or people when they are gone far away from us and that feeling literally sucks because we curse ourselves for a long time. So its better that we respect them and appreciate them because what we have is someone else’s dream. Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things.

Zing Thing:

 “True greatness consists in being great in little things”

–END–

