Article on Life – Work, Life and All that Comes Along…

Work, Life and All that Comes Along… – Article on Life

Sometimes I really wonder… how can you best manage your professional life and personal life with one not letting affect another? We spent most of the time of the day in the office and hence it is extremely important to have work environment jovial and inspirational. However, when the situation is exactly polar to ideal, it really becomes a challenge for one to work neutrally without getting influenced by stress or negativity that surrounds. A personal life is the most important part of life and hence ideally shouldn’t be influenced by any negative aura of professional life.

When you have bosses around you constantly nagging about your poor performance or poor management skills to prioritize work, one really starts doubting their own efficiency and it becomes very hard not to get that nagging wobble your confidence. This obviously lowers your spirits in life and you return home half hearted. Like dawn, everything in life seems less-bright; you feel mentally tired and drained out. Even though you did a sitting job whole day feels like you were somewhere in the sun as a labour breaking stones.

To fight against such effect, one has to be positive and think positive all the time. It really uses up all the energy, which one would otherwise engage in working efficiently. The resultant is more inefficiency, more delays in submission, more stress… The mind constantly drags away from work and postponing delivery dates thinking tomorrow will be a better day, tomorrow will be a better start. But my question is, is there really a tomorrow in such situation? Is there really a new or better start? You try very hard to be all jolly and as if nothing happened, you are as happy as ever and believe no one would notice. But does that really happen……?

Tomorrow comes with same or more nagging, same or more stress and even worse confidence level. Friends start to advice you to quit, find a new job. They constantly tell you, “You are more worth than this, you can do much better, you are not suited for this job, company doesn’t understand your worth, a new job will fix things” and they constantly pester you to quit and find a new job. But you really can’t quit without a new job on hand, can you? There are responsibilities to be taken care of, there are bills to be paid off, and there are monthly loans-mortgages installments on the way. You can’t just quit like that, life is not that straight or at least doesn’t seem that straight in that situation. Plus you read in newspapers of how many jobs are laid off daily in the market and you silently pray to God for thanking him that at least your job is still on. How can you quit in such situation? What if you don’t get a new job? There is no doubt how talented you are or how experienced you are, with such a low confidence level, no one is ready to risk. In normal situation, when the confidence is flowing like water out of fountain one tend to handle the situation more effectively. But in saying that again if you are confident enough you are not in such situation anyway. Are you?

You do really try and believe that a new job will fix everything. You will have a better life and a stress-less work environment. So keeping that low belief, low confidence and a little hope, you start looking for jobs on internet. Shock it comes, all the jobs advertised requires way more experience and specific skill requirements than you have? Disappointed closing off all the websites and once again strongly believing, “I am better here, let’s try and get the work done. Let some more time go and I will look for another job” you return to your work and once again endless circle starts from the beginning……

Sometimes I really wonder hard… how can you work neutrally without getting influenced by stress or negativity that surrounds thereby managing your professional life and personal life with former not letting affect the latter?

__END__

Shloka (SP)

