Article – LIFE THOUGHTS

Photo credit: 

 from 

LIFE THOUGHTS—- is as simple as river but some time when we want the life-like an ocean. Then trouble is starts .

 Too much expectation MAKES of all OUR worries

 

 Negative thoughts may go beyond the infinity, with respect to deepness of an ocean,deepness of an earth,deepness in the sky which may go up to an infinity.But true life thoughts change the person life more towards positivity. The right thoughts makes our life more easy and more practical. life is easily and simple,If your mind in pace with god whether it is your teacher, mother or father (these all are living god who works selfless way).

 Up and down in the living is necessary but lose the respect is like a body without soul in it so respect is above all. Meaning of life is to search the soul and searching the soul actually searching the god who guide us towards right direction. God is a supreme, he do the things which is not visible. But it is good for people. Situation is worse. Time is difficult. But a ray of hope come and alive again so believe in yourself and god .

The faith and mental piece is two-way to reach the mountain of happiness. The self interest self-image is a person’s perception. People may try to harm your interest.Love the things which you love and live the life which suit to you,feel like a heaven. But your feet on the ground.Forget and forgive yourself about events in a life.It is another shade of life. Life is full of surprises but your self-esteem is important. Thinking about the past is actually waste of time.

Thinking about the future is endless because it may go beyond the infinity.Thinking about present is prime important it is truth of you. It is truth on which your existence is exist.Love the truth that all you have. Live in the present.Life is like a vacuum for someone. Life is like a plain paper . Life is what? The answer lies in the life itself.More you explore more you find the meaning of life. But you should live in present moment which you have.This present moment makes your life beautiful unless until you stop too much thinking . Set the rules to yourself which you want in other.

But you should live in the present moment you have. Life is like a song in which music is given by an events. Events is good or bad but it is your life i.e. you enjoy the song what ever the situation you have. Life move on not because of mind , not because of heart but it run on the wheel of faith which give you stamina . Stamina comes from inner self and inner self is nothing it is exact you which hide, under cover of various problem which created by heart , mind . But you should live in present moment which is yours.

Life is like a war. It is true. Where ambition cover your soul and you fly high in sky but your soul does not exist.Life is like an emotions. It is true .Where you swim in a deep ocean of emotions and you become an emotional fool. But you should live in present. Moment which is yours.

Answer of life lies inside the person perception . Perception makes the attitude and attitude show in an action. In the life which makes us sometime successful or sometime failure . But you should live in present moment which is yours.

–END–

Sandeep Tandon

