Article – Everyone expresses themselves

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Your posts are appreciable” a friend of mine pinged me on a particular social media website.

“Thank You!” I replied as pride flickered on my face.

“I like people who love to express themselves, but it’s deplorable how these people have extincted from our primitive and orthodox society” he added as we kept on debating.

“Well, I think extinct is not a specific word to define those people. There are many besides us who love to express themselves, you just need to search them” I protested over his estimation.

“I think extinct is suitable for these people, as the species who gets extinct are discovered not searched” he added further.

These delusory persuasion of my friend coerced me to give a second thought on this theme. I instantly packed myself into a room satiated with silence, dimed the bulbs and began thinking. I asked some questions to myself,

When was the last time you flaunted your thoughts with someone? You’ve become a goon, ain’t you? You’ve a certain feeling in your heart that people may spurn what you think about a particular issue.

When was the last time you shared those pranks you played on your friends with your parents? When was the last time you laughed your heart out on a particular joke with your friends? You even flunked to narrate your feelings to the girl you loved, don’t you? You are a lummox!

I turned pale and pallid, sweat emitted from my forehead. How did I turned flaccid to such an extent that I am not able to share what I feel to anyone. Why do I keep it to myself. If not to the people around me, who do I share my thoughts with?

The surface of my pillows have witnessed the toughest of my pains. No wonder my mom finds the particular area of the surface of my pillow frigid and gelid. It has soaked the most hardest and honest tears of mine.

The tiles of my lavatory have discovered the most mysterious and cryptic secrets of mine. I always tattle with the reflection of myself on those tiles. They have heard my everyday schedule and the every night honest confessions. The personal diary which I have maintained to track down all the feelings I possess everyday have witnessed the hardest of writings of pain and grief. They are the spectator of every tear drops that have rolled down from my eyes on it’s particular pages.

Who says that people don’t express themselves anymore. Every mortal have experienced these things in their life.

A writer weaves the word of it’s thoughts and feelings to express themselves to its audience and spectators. Have you ever read any of the books or the writings of a particular writer, you will find honest feelings and logical thoughts flickering through it’s masterpiece.

A musician through it’s melodious voice conquers the whole world. Don’t you find yourself bemused while listening to your favourite music, as if they have conquered your soul. Musicians are always perfect in expressing themselves.

A painter through his sketches and paintings, spellbind the mind of it’s audience and spectators. They have the tendency to express themselves far from the expectations of normal people. They paint your mind with the modest of paints of their thoughts.

An artist bewilders you through the beauty of it’s masterpieces. Maybe he is an aspiring one or the established one. They can make you love them with their stunning masterpieces.

An engineer and technician can mesmerize you with their outrageous widgets and gadgets. They have the tendency to express themselves through their fulgurant techie knowledge.

Everyone is unique and everyone has the right to express their consent and views. People who express themselves have not extincted. They are there, between us, everywhere. We just need a specific pair of eyes to recognize them. Everyone expresses through it’s own way.

__END__

