An Article – Who would have thought !!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Some people feel that there life is perfect ,some feel nothing could be more worse then their life . But who would have thought that someone who has every possible happiness in life would ruin everything by herself . People don’t have money to get educated ,people don’t have good parents who wish to give every best possible things to there children.

There are many problems in everyone s life, but people find life of there companions more valuable and more comfortable ,never realising what god has given to them is better for them . If it would have been different from what they have , then it would not have been so great. No one values what they have, but the only thing valued is what others have .

Even I Ritika was from the same category , always wanting what others have .There luxuries, there intelligence, there popular group, but could never realize that whatsoever extra benefit the other person has, has come in his life with some extra negative. Looking at others made me more fascinated towards there lives and more demoralized with mine. Always wanted to party with them, study with them, live life like them but what to say my thoughts were stronger then my actions .

As we know thought do not really help to make things happen working towards it is more important. God being generous to some people is something which will never happen, if he sees you working towards what you want he is definitely going to change the direction of his kindness towards you and bless you . Pouring his heavenly drink from the brink .

I who always wanted to be like others is now standing no where .Scoring 40% in 12 th boards was like a shame in spite of the expensive tuitions, parents unconditional love, but I was thinking only about others lifestyle . Now that I have freedom to do what I want to party, to shop, to be with friends , to make boy friend, to be frank I am not enjoying now . If would have scored more,then would have enjoyed more .

Just by envying others I spoilt my life ,but there is one thing that life has tought me ‘if u want something work towards it ,so that god notices you ,its never to late to end n never to late to start ‘.

__END__

