Article – Saint Mother Teresa

(Image Attribution: 

 from Halifax, Canada | Derivative work: 

)

Mother Teresa became nun at the early age to serve the mankind in sorrow and suffering, helpless and downtrodden people, the orphans, homeless and hungry.

She was born on 26th August, 1910. She was Albanian by birth. As she did not marry, she dedicated herself for the cause of humanity on earth poorly born, poorly fed up and even left out to die of hunger and thirst.

At 12 she felt the call of Almighty God to come up and to dedicate her whole life for the needy people of the society who were born but were left uncared for no fault of them.

At 18 she left home and joined the charity of Loreto, an Irish community of nuns with missionary in India. After due training in Dublin she was deputed to India where she took her first vows as a nun on May 24th. 1931 in Calcutta now renamed as Kolkata.

She heard the call from her soul to set up the Missionary of Charity in Kolkata in 1946. She became the citizen of India in 1948 just after 1947 when India got freedom.

She established the missionary of Charity in 1950 in Kolkata. She was awarded the decree of Praise by the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church of Vatican City in 1965.

She was bestowed upon the highest award the “Peace Nobel Prize” in 1979 for the outstanding service to humanity.

She was bestowed the highest civilian award “Bharat Ratna” by the President of India in 1980.

And now after 19 years of her death, she is awarded the most prestigious “title” today on “4th September 2016” as Saint by head of the Roman Catholic Church of Vatican City – Pope Francis in presence of millions and millions people of the world who love her, respect her, honour her, pay heart – felt homage and over and above pray to God for the rest of her soul in eternal peace.

She started the charity of missionaries on October 7, 1950 just after 3 years when India got freedom on 15th. August 1947.

 The charities’ first and foremost work was to look after those who had none to care them.

She searched everywhere in the whole city and outside even such children who had none to take care of them in wretched condition. She arranged to bring them in her charity homes and looked after them with sheer love and affection. She got aids, co-operation and assistance from all over the world. The local and central governments of India came forward to help her for cause of the downtrodden people of the society. She organised the missionary, worked sincerely and effectively that in a few years its branches spread all over the world.

She was awarded and honoured by the premiers of many countries including India for her selfless services to mankind.

 She got the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 for the work undertaken in the struggle to overcome poverty and distress, which also constitutes a threat to peace.

I as a humanitarian and fan to her for the selfless service to humanity in suffering and sorrow always remember her – so simply dressed in white sari in blue border and keeping the aanchal always over her head, her simple living with high thinking and love and kindness and over and above generosity all along whom she happened to see and serve heart and soul.

She left for heavenly abode on 5th. September 1997 in Kolkata, India.

 Now and then I see her in the white sari with blue border and with sparkling smile on her lips as if she were none but an angel marching step by step towards an orphan baby … in order to take on her lap… She is none but Saint Mother Teresa !

A man lives not in years but in deeds. Though she is no more, still she is alive in the hearts of the millions and millions people of the world for what she did for the cause of humanity.

May her soul rest in peace!

###

Writer: Lion Durga Prasad,

 Advocate, Sociologist, Journalist and Social Worker.

