An Article – Woman’s financial inclusion

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

It is not irony to say that Women are more dominating in finance in this patriarchal society where men feels he is predominant. After 67 years of  Independence to our society , women are coming out of their Kitchen rooms and participating  , though slowly in our economic growth process. But what drives them to become financial experts? why do they prefer inclusive growth ?. what makes their decision pragmatic?

Woman most of the time  languishes in kitchen ,  she knows how bad or good is our economy through food prices where it is a direct indicator of  health of our economy . With that scenario , she prudently decides what food she has  to provide to their children so that they should be served with best nutrient diet. Woman tries to find all the ways to protect her children from diseases through food not by medicines available in market. Woman knows very well how to survive with their available financial resources ,utilizes it for their children or for betterment of their home.

With these daily chores she not only understands finance or economy but she tries get expertize in that domain. To corroborate this , there is standalone example that all heads of important banks of india are women. To add this Government of  India introduced Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB)  , a bank that is  predominantly for women. The participation of women in financial inclusion is less, as it only 26% woman are having bank accounts  as per World Bank. Woman needs empowerment to recognize her trapped potential and to use it for full throttle. That’s where onus lies for the new bank BMB where it should promote greater participation among women particularly illiterate and tribal woman, encourage women entrepreneurs, provide hassle free environment in bank where she feels that it is her bank. With woman inclusion in financial sector , India achieves inclusive growth.

Moreover, India needs to achieve growth that is sustainable , that feeds the entire nation so it needs to ensure that throttle the full potential. Ignoring women potential in our society claims huge setback. we need to ensure that  gender inequality is longer exists in our society.  All we believe is a society free from female discrimination will flourish is all aspects.

***

