Article – PERFECTION, A NEW APPAREL

Photo credit: 

 from 

The results of 12th class board examinations were about to declare.

Many students were petrified with fear. Some were relaxed as usual carrying their lackadaisical attitude and some  were getting prepared to climb the ladder of their aspirations.

The results came out. Some climbed the wall of success, some hanged near the boundary celebrating the joy of “no more school factor “ and still survived and some unfortunate ones jumped from the same wall thinking that the  marks lost is more precious than their valuable life .

But let’s dive into the depth of this increasing habit of suicide, depression, perfection.

Who has to be blamed? Our society ? Our parents? Or we ourselves ? {The young generation}.

What do u conclude from the above story?

According to me the insanity for perfection is increasing day by day in the younger generation. Everyone wants everything. GIRLS want perfect figure at least not less than their favorite pop star or movie star, perfect hairs, best high heels, branded one piece, nail paint of every color matching to their respective dresses etc.

The list is way too long….

BOYS want every gadget available in the market, a perfect girlfriend, perfect looks and what not…..

If you don’t have perfect teeth, it’s possible that people may judge you by your smile. They will advice you and will elaborate their explanations’ regarding braces that how putting braces can make your teeth perfect and after some time it will look like a miss India‘s smile as if everyone is participating in dental advertisement or needs to give audition in beauty pageant .

In today’s era what matters is how much time you are spending with your coolest boyfriend and latest gadget, how you are keeping pace in everything you are doing from sports to studies to bunking classes. Nobody would ask you that how much quality time you are spending with your parents which is the most important and necessary task in our everyday routine.

You should be perfect or you are out of the league.

Perfect marks in the examinations, perfect smile, perfect gadget in your hand, perfect nails, perfect looks, perfect and big car, perfect dress, perfect selfie, perfect junk food, perfect job with good salary in a perfect and popular international multinational companies. No one wants to face failure in any field but failing in a particular field doesn’t mean that you are a loser.

“Failures are stepping stones to success”

‘Failure means committing a new mistake and again trying to get solution’

Why on earth everyone cannot carry the burden of true self your own self?  I am still searching for the answer…

What people are getting after running behind perfection?

A mere satisfaction I suppose and what about the inner peace of true self.

We are truly afraid to carry our own image and so am I as part of this society forcefully wearing a dress of perfection….

In the end I want to grab your attention by saying that we all need to look into the mirror of our soul and heart deeply, stop copying to be someone instead of being only one of your type, giving more time to our relationships ,feeling proud of whatever we are and compete not with others but with our own self everyday thinking what one good thing I did today instead of finding hundred reasons for failing everyday .

This is my message to all of my friends out there reading my article .

BELIEVE IN YOURSELF AND ONE DAY WORLD WILL BELIEVE YOU DEFINITELY.

DO NOT RUN BEHIND PERFECTION JUST WORK FOR EXCELLENCE.

–END–

