Article – HAPPINESS : WAY OF DOING THINGS

Photo credit: 

 from 

Happiness is nothing, but the state of mind, which express pleasure in anything we want to do, to say or to think. Though everybody wants to be happy, few can achieve it. Ultimate goal of life is happiness, isn’t it? Main course of time to achieve it goes in vain. Then why can’t we be happy. Because we don’t have sufficient money, we are unable to live a luxurious life, we don’t possess a high status in society, we don’t have quality time or whatever may be the reason.

Nobody seems happy in this world. Well…these reasons are not suppose to be valid or give excuses in the way of finding happiness. Are the people who are billionaire living a luxurious life are the happiest? Or somebody got selected for the highest paid salary? Most probably they are not. Real happiness comes from sacrifice or giving a helping hand to somebody who needs us. We should seek it in small packets instead of big offers.  It is something related to our peace of mind, inner strength which gives us freedom to be of myself without gets affected from materialistic world.

We should search it nearby. Nature has provided the most beautiful things.  In open sky, with awesome sunrise and sunset. Children’s innocent smile, colourful  flowers moving with the breeze, rainbow in open sky, precious raindrops falling from the roof of clouds. Nobody can beat felling melodious music of chirping birds in morning. All these are priceless ways of never ending happiness. Give a helping hand to needy people . A key to treasure of happiness is only with you. You are the holder of secret of happiness within your heart discloses it. Seek it in every nook and corner of moment. Enjoy smaller instances which give you immense joy rather than waiting for something bigger or the biggest.  It that case we may lose precious moments which will never come again in our life. At any cost we will not find those moments which have spent in crying. So to live in present, with whatever you got or whatever you  did not. After all we are part of this beautiful world full of energy and joy.

–END–

