Historic Win By India Against Sri Lanka In T 20 International By 7 Wickets

 Date: 6th. September 2017

 Venue: Colombo

 With the historic win by India in T20 International against Sri Lanka India became the second country after Australia who made clean sweep in almost all matches of 3 tests, 5 ODIS and in a single T20 International and thus recorded in the golden pages of cricket history to be the second country, Australia recorded as the first country to do so when made clean sweep in 2009-10 against Pakistan in all such 9 matches i.e. 3 Test matches, 5 ODIs and 1 T20 International.

 With this grand win, so to say after great chase of 170 runs already made with 8.55 runs per over by Sri Lanka, India could be able to establish its suprermacy. It is no exaggeration to say that Virat Kohli – the Indian Captain led the team to victory by his superb batting of 82 runs in 54 balls only with 7 fours and 1 six.

 Virat Kohli winning the toss chose to field first and consequently Sri Lanka batsmen started batting very quickly the result of which at one time they were 3 for 62 in 6 overs only. In the last 2 overs, the batsmen batted fast and brought the total of 170 runs in 20 overs with 8.55 runs per over. The Sri Lanka Team were over confident that this time they could be able to oust Indian Team within 150 or 160 but it could not happen as the India Team particularly its Captain Virat Kohli were determined to chase and win the match by hook or crook.

 Virat Kohli after Rohit and Rahul were caught and bowled at the total of 9 and 24 runs respectively and after that Kohli and Manish Pandey started batting furiously as it was necessary to enhance the average per over to chase 170 runs and to lead the team to the victory. Thus, Virat Kohli and Manish Pandey for 3rd wicket partnership added 119 runs. The most important factor that attributed to victory was 51 runs in 36 balls by Manish Pandey and 82 runs in 54 balls only.

 It was another rare incident that MS Dhoni joined the moment Virat Kohli was bowled by Isuru and caught by Shanaka. When 5 balls were left out of 20 overs and only 1 run was required to win the match, Manish Pandey batted hard to the boundary and India’s total came to 174 for 3 wickets only.

 India won this T20 International too recording clean sweep in all 9 matches played in the grounds of Sri Lanka and equalized Australia, moreover became the second country to do so by this clean sweep.

 The world records that made are as under:

 1. India became the second country after Australia for clean sweep in all matches played against a country.

 2. Virat Kohli became the highest runs scorer Indian batsman the moment he scored 37 runs in the ground.

 3. Virat Kohli became the highest number half centuries scorer in the world against Sri Lanka.

 4. Virat Kohli setting aside Sangkara in T20 I – India vs Sri Lanka in respect of making half centuries.

 5. Virat Kohli recorded a historic win by clean sweep in all 9 matches – 3 Test Matches, 5 ODIs and 1 T20 I – total 9 matches and became the first Indian captain to do so.

 People in the stadium and off the stadium enjoyed this match from beginning to end under suspense, thrill and excitement.

 I watched the match overnight and rejoiced with the family every event of the play.

 Those school days of sixties reminded me how we listened to the commentaries by our radios, we are proud of having the TV set in our house these days and are fortunate to watch live telecast of all games & sports with our open eyes. With the advent of such an invention the amount of our joy gets multiplied.

–END–

Critic & Analyst: Durga Prasad

 Dated 7th. September 2017 (Thursday)

