An Article – Domestic versus Corporate life :Are women losing the battle?

Photo credit: 

 from 

Women have always been the strength of the society including her family and her relationships. She plays the key role of balancing her domestic life as well as fulfilling the corporate goals.

It’s said that “

”- Anais Nin

It goes very well with a woman’s lifespan.She struggles to be on top and pursue to hold a career. This is the “budding” phase. When she holds a family where her role and responsibilities starts budding as well, she is the one under the pressure as well as risk of performing in corporate world and balances the same in her family life. The pain it takes to consume the whole day serving womanhood is far more than the happiness she gets one lucky day when she is appreciated for her achievements.Most importantly,she is appreciated after she loses her smile,her joys,her desires,her hobbies and her tranquility. Appreciation,anyway doesn’t always mean a reward or a felicitation. Rewards come in very small forms.For example,the appreciation she may expect from  her spouse when she cooks his favourite meal after coming back home on a tiring day.The appreciation she may expect as a mother from her child’s teacher when she spends her weekends  teaching him/her maths and accomplishing his/her science projects  or the appreciation she may get for staying awake all night long taking care of her ill parents.But,in real sense are women patronized like this on daily basis?How many do get the appreciation?

In countries like India where  the percentage of middle class is estimated to be about 250 million,there are families where an educated woman is the source of income for the whole family.Sometimes,it is to suffice the basic necessities and sometimes it is the circumstance where a single earning female has to earn for her parents health/treatments,her siblings’ education and so on.There are many cases where such women are unable to marry and live a life of her own as she needs to balance the domestic and corporate life to overcome the family crisis.

 

It was said that “Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men”

There has been increasing cases in India where gender inequality is still prevalent.Many women face sexual harassment,discrimination,injustice in the working environment.She survives every kind of enemity and injustice under the compulsion of earning for supporting her family.Although there has been been many institutes and NGO’s supporting and fighting for women suffering from these conditions.But,many cases were noticed when situations were aggravated and the damage was done.There has been increasing cases of molestation,harassment against women which leave them remorseful after the happenings.In most of them justice is given when she loses her everything.

What she wants is respect, dignity, appreciation and love.But the increasing inflation, certain expectations both from her parents as well as her in-laws, increasing discrimination on sex grounds is what she receives.

It is said that “

”.She is the light of the dark social beliefs.She is the enlightenment of a 

.But is she getting the place on a mass scale? Is her education really making her lead to the righest path? Is she able to lead the path she means to follow for herself and not the society? There are many inferences that arrive after the previous thoughts.

“

”

***

