Article – Be Positive

Photo credit: 

 from 

3 Ways to bring yourself into Positivity

Be positive babe, think yourself into happiness, keep smiling! One day it will all work out, just hang in there! Don’t we all hear this in our everyday lives..

Like everyone else I was told the same thing a 100 times, it actually became the mantra of my life “ Be Positive” so much so that I actually thought my blood group was B+ and not O+…..hehe

I remember playing the song “Don’t Worry Be Happy” a thousand times… I was actually breathing, walking and talking positive. I got what I wanted in my life, whatever I set my eyes on was mine, my work, my family , my dream…everything!! But how did this happen?

Stay positive!!

Well it took me a while to reconcile with my dream of becoming a Life Coach, I used to dream about it, real big, every night and it finally happened. Then the expectation from people that as a life coach I am supposed to know it all and I’m also sorted in my life…so am I ? Of course I am with so many years of education and the resources available in my little tool kit which doesn’t allow me to get into that “Negative Space” but hey I don’t keep laughing smiling or giggling all the time as I do have my days…I’m human…

So how do I stay this way…well I set the delete button “ON” in my brain. I stop myself from thinking negative. Sounds simple na, but it isn’t… one has to condition their mind from doing so…start rephrasing the no’s and cants into yes and cans!! Recognize the thought pattern and evict the negatives ones. Believe in yourself; believe that you have power to change this negative process into a positive.

Cling to Positivity

Visualize a child clinging to his mother…. hard to let go isn’t it…the child doesn’t wish to leave his mom. Same way I clung to this word Positivity! I started to seek help, inspiration from books, songs, quotes, read self help books, listened to spiritual gurus on YouTube and prayed each single day. I latched on to it as it gave me strength and brought me back into reality.

Express Yourself

I started reaching out to people, online as well as offline. In order to pick myself out I connected with people who wouldn’t judge me, who wouldn’t talk about me. They would talk to me with a new perspective as they didn’t know what my baggage was all about, it only lead to better emotional support which in turn reflected positively on my mind and body. Social media has actually added a new dimension to different kind of groups rather support groups.

So if you ever get the negative feeling try the above and I’m sure it will help you think different.

