Article – Contemplation: God’s Existence and Religion

Photo credit: 

 from 

I wonder if the existence of God is an epic, grand perceptual fallacy of human mind, a creation of our imagination, or maybe a phenomenon, an enigma. Believers say that God helps us manifest different realities for ourselves that we desire, and guide us in this path of life during difficult times.

Does God serve as an imaginary yet, real than the realest mental support, a “reality within reality”? Did the concept of ‘God’, emanate from our very infamous ‘Ego’? Humans worship and connect to God, through an idol or symbol, a figure, and such. Ancient mythologies, various cults and sects, of different religions each hold different set of deities.

How do you define God, in the truest sense, this; intangible, abstract, confusing, provocative, perplexing conception? How do you rationalize something you create and worship in the form of idols as well as perform ceremonies, rituals?

Why do we feel that there is more than what we can perceive?

Why such a feeling does exist innately within us that a higher power exists?

For me there exists a higher power in this crazy, infinite and expanding Universe. The Universe is expanding or is it too an illusion in the matrix of illusive webbed reality? Maybe human beings associate God with idols to get connected through a medium to that higher power. Since our subconscious mind only understands through; symbols and archetypes, it is via these idols, which are by now so intrinsically and deeply associated with our collective unconscious and human psyche, we are able to shift our consciousness, and be connected to this higher power that we perceive as different God’s.

As the old saying goes;

“All religions lead to the same path and ultimately ‘One God’ ”

It is not really stupid to be worshiping idols. It is just a ‘medium’ that subconsciously helps us connect to that source. Since our social conditioning and collective unconscious psyche contains this idea, when we see an idol, almost instantly both; consciously and unconsciously, we think of God, and the instant connection happens even if we don’t realize it. Idols are just a form given to this higher power. This same higher power operates in different 

, different energy and wavelength for distinctive reasons and hence many forms. Theological research & study can explain such wavelengths and energies, their distinctive functions in more detail.

GOD! Who is God?

 

If unification isn’t possible at least there is a need for more; liberty as well as unity.

When we are born, we are void of any association, with any religion, but then we are born into a family of some particular faith, and there you go, before we can even decide which faith we must follow, the religion is stamped onto our foreheads as if we are bound to follow that blindly without raising a single question until it’s too late and the faith or beliefs are deeply inculcated, as well as impressed into the deepest recesses of our psyche, and unconscious it becomes very hard to deprogramme yourself. Sometimes the person concerned isn’t even comfortable following a particular faith yet due to family/societal ‘moral obligations’, one somehow must to do it. Every person must be instead given the freedom to decide for himself/herself as to what one must follow or believe in. It doesn’t even matter if doesn’t follow any particular school, as long as one is respectful and tolerant of those who follow. It’s all a matter of 

. Each soul is at a different point of growth and evolution with unique destinies & so to each his own. All I want to convey is that no matter whether you follow a religion or not, or for that matter which one you follow, as humans we need to respect the counterparts rather than debating on whose scripture or doctrine contains the ‘truth’. We need to be united as well as respectful for each other’s lives, beliefs, faith & culture.

There are numerous religions with different identities of God, and some religions indulging in polytheism. No wonder there have been many a wars caused due to the clash of religions. Not to mean religions shouldn’t exist, it must for the proper moral functioning of the society to some extent, but not the way they have existed over the generations, where every religion feels superior than their counterparts which isn’t quite healthy, and we have seen the result over the course of generations; moral clashes and war leading to death of many men and women as well as children. With time our mind is evolving, and so are we. Hence we humans can no longer be bound by the old dogmas leading to moral clashes caused due to the existence of numerous faiths. It is not the religions or different schools of philosophy at fault. The humans are the culprit. Some of those who use: ‘religion’ and ‘God’ as a tool for mass population control as well as mass confusion to achieve their ‘ends’. The scriptures and doctrines, religions and God for the most part are 

.

We need a ‘unification mind-set’ that consists of tolerance for all religions. A need for a;

. All religions must eventually merge into one and give way for a new ‘evolved’ religion. We must seek the light and not be submerged in darkness. Or at the very least, develop tolerance & respect for the counterparts. For the anti-religious; no disrespect, but no matter what a higher power does exist in this universe & we ought to respect it with utmost faith & dignity. Religions are but different diverse roads which at the end, no matter how hard you try shall only lead to that one door. Towards our: 

. No matter which religion you subscribe to, we need to realize that we all are one in this vast illusive fabric of what we call reality!

If you study different religions in more depth, you shall start realizing and seeing that there are various parallel elements of commonality. The more you study and research about them, the more you see the connections.

***

