Moral Article – Listen! Time is running

Y We are moving without reason,

Spending our time here and there.

Every hour is an indication,

We are here with time limitation…

 

Time is not only running, it’s limited.

You have taken birth for a specific reason. Life is not about eating, drinking, dressing, travelling and getting involve into your family problem only.There is a reason behind every life.

You have to find it. When will you do a work to make your life meaningful?

Every second of our life is the witness of your work. You will cheat yourself but not the time.Whenever the bell indicating “the time” rings, it also indicates that we are one hour closer to our death.

Think once if you are not doing anything today then when will you do?? Who knows what will happen next ?? Any time may be right now my heart beats will stop working.Any thing will happen any time. There is no confusion in this.

You will get everything after spending time but after giving everything you are not going to get the time you have already spent.

You can store your wealth in your locker but you can’t store your time. Time is a precious gift doesn’t waste it, utilize it in a good manner, and do something for the wellness of your society . Do something because of which people will remember you.

Think once who you are and what you are doing???

We all are human beings but unfortunately we forget humanism .We are running behind luxury, we spoil our health day and night, we want to earn more and more , we want to live life king size .There is nothing wrong in this , but there is something more important than all of them  i.e Humanism.

Being Human is not a easy task . Humanism is a joyous alternative to religions that believe in a supernatural god and life in a hereafter. Humanists believe that this is the only life of which we have certain knowledge and that we owe it to ourselves and others to make it the best life possible for ourselves and all with whom we share this fragile planet. Humanism is a belief that when people are free to think for themselves, using reason and knowledge as their tools, they are best able to solve this world’s problems.

At last I want to say Humanism is a philosophy of life that considers the welfare of humankind.

So don’t waste your time its running.

***

