You must have heard this saying , “ 

“ . But I don’t think in today’s world, most of the people consider this thing in their life.

In today’s world, most of the people try to achieve their goals in any way they can whether it is the wrong one or the right one. And this thing creates the greed among the  people.

When any person wants his/her work to be done in the wrong way, then he/she tries to bribe the officers from which the work can be done, then the greed of the officer of making more and extra money forces him/her to take the bribe and this is what  we call corruption . Sometimes the officer takes the initial step, I mean to say that even if a person is a good person and he/she don’t have an intention of doing any wrong work, then sometimes the required officer who is needed to pass or give approval to the work asks for a bribe to do so. This greed for money is very dangerous if it is not killed in its early stage then it is going to  destroy you.

Now let’s talk about the effects of this corruption. If a person is accused of corruption charges , then immediately he/she loses his/her job, court hearings of the case runs in his/her name, as a result, his/her family has to face many things because he/she is accused of corruption charges.

There are also many cases where innocent people are falsely accused of corruption. These stuff (trapping innocent people in corruption ) are done by keeping a bundle of notes (money ) in the victim’s pocket or in a place or something related to the victim ,by making the victim touch the bundle of notes on which some chemicals would have been applied so that it can be proved that the victim has touched the bundle of notes.

Now, I want to ask ,what was the victim’s fault here? Was it that he/she wanted to do his/her work honestly and fairly. In India, there are many innocent people who have been falsely accused of corruption and are still fighting for justice for a long time. And for this reason, the function of laws in our country is questioned many times. It is also questioned that if the police or the investigative teams for corruption cases have been bought by the powerful people or not and sometimes finger is also pointed to the Judges appointed for the corruption cases.

So, for this thing ,there should be video proofs of the investigation taking place which should be given to the lawyers on both the sides. And if in case the judges have been bought then these video proofs can be used for media purposes to show the true face of the judges to the public.

So, these were the basic causes of corruption, its different forms and how it can be stopped according to my point of view.

–END–

