An Article – Retrospecting

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Human has got so busy in his daily routine and work that he hardly finds any time to retrospect. We always are thinking of the future and present; and why not? We are being taught the same since our childhood; but sometimes problems of our future have their answers in our past. Retrospecting might help one to solve them!

Every morning when we wake up, hardly few of us have a smile on our face. Most of the times we are under some kind of tension, surrounded. We never stop complaining about the problems faced at our workplace or with our colleagues. “Colleagues”, this is the term we wisely use in place of friends. We humans are so wise! Isn’t it? Agreed to the fact that every colleague cannot be a friend, but at least some can. There are so many problems we face daily; but right now it’s better to negotiate and keep others aside. Let’s retrospect and try to find out how can we deal with our life and things within it.

“Every day nothing changes, but after some days if you look back, many things are changed”. Inspired by this line I thought of recollecting our childhood days, everyone loves this as it was an awesome time span. We never had any kind of stress, tension; all we did was enjoying the life to its fullest and living each and every moment. The time spent with our friends, the unleash fun we experienced; we all miss it today. While all this fun is draining and dying from our life, some things within us are also draining or changing with time and age.

“Which is the quality or virtue that we all had as a child?” or “Which is the quality that the god gifts an infant?” The answer to this is Innocence! Innocence is the thing that we have, since our birth. Look in the eyes of a child or a newborn, you’ll only find one thing, and that’s innocence. This is the gift god has given us, but we, while growing up, always try to get rid of this innocence. We always try to inculcate other qualities and plainly forget innocence.

Innocence is the thing, which always make us feel good. When we meet a person who is innocent, we always admire him/her. Innocence brings a smile on our face; and smile, is very rare and valuable thing for our generation. Many a times innocence being is mistaken for childish behavior, but there is a fair line that distinguishes innocence from childish behavior.

Many of the problems that we face today, if we try to find out, we face it due to our behavior. So only, most of the times our childhood friends are still the best friends and hold the closest place to heart. If thought carefully it becomes clear that the innocence we had in our childhood had made the bonds of friendship strong. Our childhood friends were not made out of selfish intentions and plans!

There are many reasons for this change, this loss of innocence within us. One of the major reason is competition. Since we have got our senses, we have been seeing around and being taught always to compete with others. This learning has grown to such an extent that the competition amongst peers is now throat cutting. We can’t just rest the case saying “This isn’t our fault”, as we have also contributed in the same. Competition to a certain extent is acceptable and very much necessary; but as “excess of anything leads to nothing”, excessive competition has swallowed all the innocence we had with us.

There is a critical need for all of us to step out and look towards the life with a different perspective. Life is not a rat race. If we don’t act now, soon we’ll be those rats, from the race. We always preserve our ego; instead if we try preserving innocence, the story will be something different and better. Retrospecting at different points in life will help us maintaining our innocence and various other qualities we have!

We have come a long way now from our childhood and it’s not possible (and not practical too) to get back all the innocence we had; but a little bit of innocence in us could add to the essence of life. Might be we may find a reason to live every moment of life; and Retrospecting life can make it more beautiful and alive!

__END__

