An Article – Let’s Live Life

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

The fact about life is that…, it is busy and unpredictable, every single moment can change it, turn it all around, make your sorrows turn to joy or your laughter turn to cry, you don’t know what the very next moment will bring to you or where it will take you. Therefore, life is all about emotions, making the right decisions and sticking to them. Life is not easy and nobody said it would be, they just promised it would be worth it. It is our emotions that cannot handle it, our brain that gets confused, and our heart that loses hope and ends us being helpless resulting in a complicated life.

Life may not be easy and fair to you but if you have a closer look, you might find someone just like you, trying to find their way, their place or maybe their self. The biggest lie in this world is, the feeling that you’re the only one here who is struggling, who’s frustrated and unsatisfied. Sometimes all you need to do is just clutch it for a different one day, treasure the valor to face everything, and somebody or something will discover a way and make it alright. Sometimes we all need some help and support; to hear the music in the world, to understand the art, somebody to remind us that life might change; it won’t dependably be like this, somebody to make us see the light in the murkiness. That someone is out there and that someone will find you.

Life isn’t hard. People with their unnecessary confusions and unnecessary lies make it that way. Consider the possibility that you could pick one day of your existence, and everything might quit updating, each day might be comparable and similar to that one day, you’d generally have the same people with you. Provided that you could do that, might you isn’t that right? Wouldn’t you pick that day and settle on that decision? We ache for things to quit updating; we wish that things might never show signs of change. What if we got what we needed, there are such a variety of things that are better, and that we might never, ever ponder. Granted, things might stick with it as that one grand day, however then there might be nothing else out there, ever. Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And accept it all! You may have to do so by kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it! This life makes no room for cowards.

The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it’s all that matters. Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you; they are supposed to help you discover who you really are. When things are going great, plenty of people will stand by you but it’s the people who will stand by you even when things aren’t going great who count. These are the people who will cheer you on and encourage you during the toughest times. These are the types of people you want in your life. All the struggles you go through to obtain your most desired goal will be worth it when you realize your success doesn’t just stop with you. It can create a ripple effect that can positively change the lives of thousands or even millions of people. Prepare for the challenges that life will throw at you. It doesn’t matter if you’re ready for it or not, it’s coming.

You could be a smart student who got a bad test score because you didn’t study but in the eyes of the grader, it doesn’t matter what your excuse is. What matters is your result. You can live to 100 years old and still not truly live a day in your life. Don’t be a walking corpse waiting to be buried. Grab life and embrace it. Do the things you’ve always wanted to do. Enjoy your life while you’ve still got it. The present moment is all you have, all you can control, all you can really experience so learn to enjoy the now.

Imagine, there you are standing in the balcony…looking at the stars, the sky, the world, the people; wondering that they will be there tomorrow and day after that and so will you…you will be able to see them again, but there’s this girl suffering from leukemia, everyday seems like a miracle to her, every day she wonders if she would be alive the next day, will she be able to see the sun, the stars, her family…everyday she wishes for just another day to live, so that she can make the best moments of her life, so that she can fulfill her dreams…every second she fights to see the slightest of light in her dark life…what if you were in her place? What would you do? Would you wait for death to come or enjoy your left over days? But you know what…it won’t matter if you enjoy your life then, that short span of time with fear in your heart, how can you enjoy life then? Will you regret of not enjoying it before? Yes you will! And it’s not just about having cancer or some bad disease…you have to die one day, you will regret it someday! when you get old or where ever time takes you…

Remember when you used to want the things you now have? Learn to be appreciating everything that is in your life. This doesn’t mean to be content with what you have. It just means to remember some of the things you now have in your life once excited you. Live life fully while you’re here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You’re going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don’t try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human.

__END__

