An Article – Soul is the true friend

Photo credit: 

 from 

It’s said and many a times we come across situations we find people telling “I am very lonely and this loneliness really kills me”. Even I felt that many a times but sometime I feel that this is the best time when you get to know yourself. You have been lost in this world for years, a very busy and hectic schedule really suck our blood and left no time to see ourselves. Little time left after work will go with your friend and family which obviously are very pleasant. But where are we ,is there any time left for a sweet and tender communication with yourself, your soul who was present with you in each and every step you took, your single decision, your arguments, your fights ,victory as well as  defeats.

When you cried then your soul encouraged you to stand up and fight and when you won he silently said you to be patient, hold this victory and continue creating new milestones in your journey to success. He has grown old with you ,will die with you and he will never let you go alone . He is the true analyzer of your life, The best friend for you who never even thinks of letting you go down, never turns a single moment hostile for you in this world full of complexities and miseries . He who never complains, he who is a silent supporter and great motivator of your’s, cares for you without any demand .

Take a guess whom I am talking about, 

, the one which is of your age and one who is invisible, lies within you, and never lies to you. He always tells the truth, He always shows right path, serves as an inspiration to you, motivate you to achieve every goal and to come out a triumph. Tells you to prove yourself when world is having a doubt on your huge potential. You might get a question if soul is there always guiding a person to go on a right path, then how come in world people commits crime. Yeah, I do agree, heinous crimes happen, and are happening with their numbers being countless.

Here, there is a lack of communication, interaction with your true friend 

 which diverts you from spirituality ,make your mind  surrounded by Devils of greed , temptation and full of false motives. You think only of yourself for a moment and you forget about your identity. You don’t think of your dignified image but think of attaining a lavish life with all your selfish motives.

 tries to contact you, you get irritated. You don’t like his intervention, interference in your so called personal life. He becomes sad, feels humiliated, tears fall down his eye. He is worried just like a very caring mother helpless and pointless with an arrogant kid. He wants to hold you but is fearful of losing you, as it is anticipated that you may slap him next time. You keep going with your will, He kept watching, came before you without appointment, but you shut door on him, you thought he is coward, but no friend, He was the one who was always for you.

Finally, it happened .You are caught red handed in a crime. One day, One week, months, years have passed by you. Your beloved family members visited you, your friends missed your presence and your colleagues remembered your work for months and eventually became busy. You are again alone, feeling like crying, screaming and eventually killing yourself, but suddenly came a voice-Don’t please don’t .I am with you my friend. Hold on please. You confront your 

again. He comes closer, touches your forehead and said

“It’s time again for us to correct ourselves, build up and stand strong facing the truth. Don’t cry, and always remember 

__END__

