Amazing Win by India against Australia by 08 Wickets – 2 – 1

 Amazing Win!

 Wonderful batting, Bowling & Fielding!

 Enthusiastic Team Spirit!

 The Forth & the Last Test Match out of 4th. Series Matches.

 India vs. Australia

 Playground – Dharmshala – Uttrakhand (India)

 Date: 28th. March 2017

 Day: Tuesday

 This match was very rough and tough for India to win as the Australian Team won the first match and succeeded to create havoc in India Team by winning by gigantic score 333 runs, ant team could be disheartened and nervous in the second test to be played at Bangalore from 4th. March to 7th. March 2017 but this did not happen in Indian Team inasmuch as enthusiastically appeared with renewed zeal and vitality & fought bravely and equalised the matched till played by 1-1, hope against hope to win the match was revived once again in such an odd situation.

 The next 3rd. Test match played in Ranchi and though Australia made big total of 451 runs in the First Innings, India could reply unbelievably 603 runs, and India could succeed drawing the third test match maintaining 1-1 till then.

 Now there was a great challenge who will win in the fourth test to be played from 25th. To 28th. March 2017 in Dharmshala field and be the crowned king.

 It was to utter surprise of the audience in the field watching and witnessing the interesting and wonderful match stopping their breath even and beyond that who were inclined to the different sourced of media all over the world with holding heart beat as to what happened next – there were two groups of people – one was of the opinion India would make miracle once again by defeating badly and the other of the opinion no “Bharosa” whether India could do that against Australia – the Kangurians.

 But the captain Rehane and his team played head and heart so efficiently that India defeated Australia by 08 wickets beyond one’s imagination even.

 With this wonderful win India could maintain imperialism at the top of Test Matches of ICC, could make record of continuous seventh times test series wins and this happened after 85 years.

 No joke that matters what matters much more than anything else is the firm determination, enthusiasm, courage, proper planning and over and above team spirit that made the Indian Team “ Betaz Badshah ” in test series wins one after another 7 wins against the “ Diggaj Teams” of the world.

 Let us have a bird’s eyes view:

 1. In 2015 India defeated Sri Lanka by 2-1

 2. In 2015 India defeated South Africa 3-0

 3. In 2016 India defeated West Indies 2-0

 4. In 2016 – 17 India defeated Newzea Land 3-0

 5. In 2016 -17 India defeated England 4-0

 6. In 2016 – 17 India defeated Bangladesh 1-0

 7. And now on 28th. March 2017 India defeated

 Australia by 08 wickets 1-0 in 4 test series matches.

 Really it is a great rather no exaggeration to say it is the rarest of the rare win by India in the history of cricket test series matches.

 Out of the emotion I quote a couplet – शेर

हज़ारों साल नर्गिस अपनी बेनूरी पे रोती है, बड़ी मुश्किल से होता है चमन में दीदावर पैदा |

 – Allama Iqbal

 – It’s beyond my capability to describe in a few words how much and to what extent we not only Indians but the whole world also enjoyed this wonderful match bit by bit, minute by minute holding the breath even as it was full of suspense, thrill, excitement from the beginning to the end in all concluding matches going up and coming down in favour as well as against of the one team.

 – It reminds me once again my childhood song coupled with such a grand win I as a boy of merely 9 years coming with the winning party of the football match in a truck enjoying with the football players of GFC , Gobindpur, Dhanbad exclaiming:

 – Hip, Hip, Hurrah! Followed by:

 – “ जय हिन्द का नारा गूंज उठा , जब हाथों में तिरंगा थाम लिया |”

–Durga Prasad – Journalist & Critic – Cricket Matches.

 Dated: 29th. March 2017, Wednesday.

