An Article – Revolution

Photo credit: 

 from 

Oh god my semester exams are over.Since ten days it was hectic as i was serious in preparing for the exam.But today i feel relieved and happy since my mom told me that we are going to travel to hyderabad to my cousin’s marriage.

I was a excited,thrilled and happy to attend my cousin’s marriage.Okay we are all ready .We are going to travel by train.

As i entered into the train i could see few transgenders roaming here and there and asking for paisa to everyone.Every one reacted in a strange way as if they are ghosts. I just observed them a while and started to think why these people turned out as beggers. YES GOT IT.

TRANSGENDERS the name sounds different.Yes they are the people live differently in our country with no rights as in the case of Male and female. They live restricted and unsecured with no status in our country.After all they are humans buddy.

They are no where in the application column. All our ration cards and applications have only two columns MALE and FEMALE and what about the transgenders ????Are they unauthorized!!! Why do these people are restricted so much.

We talk about human rights.OK.Are they not humans?? Many people had talked about women rights, child rights community rights and cultural rights and so.Is there any one talked about transgender rights.WHY PEOPLE  IGNORE THEM IN OUR COUNTRY WITHOUT GIVING THEM ANY RIGHTS.

I would strongly say that these people first of all should have EDUCATIONAL RIGHT.YES open down the schools and colleges for the transgenders.Treat them like human beings just as the male and female.Give them job opportunity in ALL fields.All banks should provide them the right to open an account.They should be provided self employment opportunities.Provide them ration cards and voter ids.Give them the right to In this way we can develop their entire community.

Come on lets open our eyes now.This is really unfair if we neglect them.Stop talking about our rights because we already have enough and start talking about the rights of transgenders and their happiness.

LETS ALL JOIN TOGETHER AND GIVE THEM THE HOPE TO LIVE IN

Oh my god i have just lost in thought and my place has come and i have to get down. I just turned my head before stepping down from the train and smiled at them .Yes they are begging for paise without knowing about the revolution that would take place in the near future

__END__

