An Article

Photo credit: 

 from 

Is good score in academic required any more for a job paying best Salary? Is this ancient thinking still there?

In my study time, my parents used to say study hard so that you will get good job and of course good salary. I studied well and scored good also. Best part is good salary too. I am still asking myself questions, is study helped me or something else? For me it’s not study.

Now the point is all my good score didn’t contribute to get good job and Salary. It’s just my way of answering to interviewer questions and the negotiation I did for salary. Its previous employer’s work experience which contributed to answer the questions.

Mostly my presence of mind and how to tackle the question. In my study time, no subject was “Presence of mind”. What all I studied from my first standard till graduation, no theory no practical helped me to work in a company or to get the job except numbers and communications.

Now in market ENGLISH became best language for communicating with each other in world. Why I am saying communication because this language became too popular than Spanish, Chinese though these languages are most spoken language. So I can say “English” subject helped to some extent.

Numbers helped me from my childhood to understand how much pocket money I have now. So “Mathematics” subject also helped me. What about history, Geography, Botany, Zoology, Science!!! Now in any private organization, they all see work experience and knowledge level. Nowhere any grade or percentage play any major role. Irrespective of any grade you had in your 10

, 12

 or graduation you can get good salary job for sure in private sector. In 12

 one person scored less than 50 % then also getting 15 lac per annum with experience 5 years. Isn’t it good enough for that candidate. Don’t tell me not.

Yes to get admission into IITs or IIMs you need to score good in your academic programme. After completing your education from all these big educations center also you need only your knowledge to get into high paid salary job. Again no theoretical knowledge.

More interesting thing is that some billionaires don’t have degree. I don’t need to name those people. Just google it you will get.

So my question remains the same. What our next generation should follow good score or no good score.

–END–

Reference-

fundersandfounders.com/how-much-sweat-it-takes-from-zero-to-billionaire/

