Every year on this auspicious birth day of Frederick Banting who along with his two colleagues namely Charles Best and John James Richard for the first time conceived the idea which, later on, led to the discovery of “Insulin” in 1922.

 In order to commemorate his birth day IDF & WHO jointly launched WDD every year on 14th. November in response to the rapid rise of diabetes around the world.

 Now more than 230 IDF Associations over more than 160 countries come forward to celebrate this day as one of the Primary Global Day by organising different useful and awareness programmes, campaigns, meetings, seminars and workshop.

 The very purpose and objective is to keep aware of the causes of diabetes and precautions and remedial measures to control the rising trend of this disease.

 The people of the whole world who are closely associated with the medical wings and social organisations like Lions Clubs Internationals and Rotary Clubs Internationals, different missionaries etc. celebrate it enthusiastically and arranges various meeting and seminars where the members campaign broadly the causes of diabetes and remedial measures to control it.

 The statistics available with me now indicates an alarming situations arising out of this fatal disease:

 1. 52 lacs of people die of this disease every year.

 2. 7 crore Indian suffer from this disease.

 3. 42 crore people of the world suffer from this disease now.

 One can imagine to what extent this disease has been becoming fatal to human race or community.

 There are so many reasons that one suffers from diabetes and there are so many remedial measures to control it but in spite of all that we are aware of, we fail to control it to a satisfactory extent or level.

 Diabetes is not only the disease that one suffers from and passes away sooner or later but it causes another fatal disease like heart attack etc.

 Why diabetes? Why not to control it to live long life like a healthy man?

 What I felt and experienced in my life of 71 years till now is the reasons attributable to yourself, none else.

 Once two decades back I suffered from diabetes. My fasting was 186 and PP was 236 or so.

 I did not take any medicine.

 I stopped taking anything containing sugar. I stopped taking rice and those things which were restricted to diabetic patients.

 I changed the life styles. I was assigned the job of cash, bank, accounts and budget, salary & perk payments etc.

 I divided the total hours of work into eight sittings or so. I used to go outside or to my friends, take tea talk unusually beyond what I dealt with. I cleared my work on day to day basis. At 4.30 PM I became quite free, sitting relaxed and enjoying with whosoever came for any work.

 If any fatty nurse approached, I said to her, “ Sister! These days you look very slim, how this happened, please tell me, I will also follow the tips you will give. “

 Both of us started laughing loudly. People outside heard and came in.

 What’s the matter, Sir?

 Nothing. A spider fell on her head and she instead of crying, laughed loudly. The spider was made of plastic which I threw upon her head.

 I left the official worries in the office and went to my house quite free and frank.

 The same method I applied in my house too.

 I used to clear all household work well before time and was ready by 9 AM for going to office. I relaxed for a few minutes and left the household worried in the house itself and reached office 10/15 minutes before 9-40 AM every day. My office only 9 KM away from my house, very good road, very good people all around.

 I am very fond of gardening. So I kept a young boy to look after it. I also worked with him every day and got green vegetables too.

 I mean to say in nutshell I changed my life style. Since I was working with more than a hundred doctors, physicians and experts, I discussed with them how to keep fit and healthy. I knew the tips, I followed with sheer sincerity.

 After six month one of my friends said to me, “ Durga Prasad! Fasting and PP May I know?

 I didn’t get it checked up, but sure and certain it is within limit.

 So confident?

 Of course. Next day it was done. Jokingly he asked, “ Can you say?”

 Fasting will be within 120 and PP within 140.

 Call the report from Pathology Deptt.

 Mr. Pandey himself brought my report to my chamber. It was really within the limit.

 My dear friends!

 I want to point out that life style can protect to control diabetes.

 Stress and strain free life helps control diabetes.

 Have a change in your life style and live and lead a healthy and fit life.

Writer: Durga Prasad. PGD/MA (Human Rights), Author, Journalist

 Dated: 9th. November 2016, Day: Wednesday

