Article – A World Within The World

Photo credit: 

 from 

A world within the world , these words of Jules Verne’s The journey to the center of the Earth have ever since enticed me towards finding the possibility of such an existence .

For many centuries passed , different theories and postulates came up but what still laid in the mysterious covers was what actually made up the center of the Earth? Has anyone ever seen it? Is there a possibility of existence of another such world , such beings such an existence within an existence .

For I feel deeply attached to this as anyone else living on this universe , as for everyone has the right to know what is actually present , to have discovered quarks as the smallest sub particles , science has come up a long way and technological advancements may answer these questions soon only if someone goes on the quest to find them.

Since the very beginning the studies of earth and the universe fascinate m e and because of which I regard myself as a Vernian , who feels the writings of Jules Verne’s actually has some scientific backing . I’ve always been very interested in topics relating to seismic activities and rock formations and after gaining the basic knowledge of these subjects I feel that the big unanswered questions need to be answered.

Know ones aware of what lies down there , know one has ever witnessed it down there, but what if it’s absolutely different from what we think . What if it connects the dots to many other scientific questions , solve major issues and creates a plethora of new fields and theories for our successors to ponder upon .

 Taking up the task of a scientific explorer more over being a scientific student these theories and advancements provide me the platform to uncover the mysteries and provide a clear understanding and picture of such seemingly impossible situation .

Since childhood I’ve traversed on a path different from the others , I’ve had an outlook to see things in a way they wish to be seen and not in a way we wish to see them . For one can simply say that the crust , mantle and lava will make up the center of this exceptionally obscure universe but for it may seem to be outwardly different and inevitable for another such universe to be present within the universe but what may sometimes seem impossible ends out to be the sole possible reason .

My exceptional thought process has helped me in every situation in life to find out a way to every problem not only to solve it but also to know the reason for it’s existence . Such an approach in life has helped me to look at things differently and provided me with an opportunity to rediscover and redefine . My aim is as simply understood from my explanation Is to know what’s not known and to know the reason for it’s obscurity. Life shows you what you want to see , for I want to see the unseen . I feel this mindset which has helped me to come this far will help me reach to the conclusive theory to this question .

 We are entangled in this world , physically mentally and socially. But for I feel that entanglement stays to be there till we free ourselves by searching for what the other will never even know and for which the others will never bother to know .

This book by Jules Verne , has ignited in me the thirst , the perseverance , the passion to know what’s present , to know if there is a possibility , to be a witness to this change of theory and to move forward with this endeavor , with this exceptional endeavor of finding what some May term to be “a universe within the universe ” . For life is omnipresent , here , there , everywhere then how can the possibility of it to be present in the center be completely ruled out.

My motivation has always been the stars which continue on a unknown path yet they continue to shine bright , and light the unknown path for each other . That’s what I wish to do in this sole lifetime of mine , shine as bright as possible , move on this unknown , undiscovered path, go on the quest of unfolding the mystery and light he path for others to come on this way .

For I live on this planet and to know about it is my utmost duty and with the interest and passion I possess I feel the question of what is the center will soon be looked upon and I wish I witness that era of accomplishment when this answer brings the ever lasting revolution we all want to be a part of .

***

