Throw open true beauty by adopting that which is especially attractive about you. It so happens that the day you see a crop of wrinkles staring at you in the mirror, your morale drops all time low. These lines no doubt signal a life of happy moments and the rich experience, both good and bad, and the wisdom gained by you. But women just can’t help but feel the passing away of beauty and the loss of value. 

Aging is often termed as a degrading word amongst women. But why is this? I am rather disturbed by the definition of beauty in today’s society.  It is something to be embraced rather than feared. There is a whole breed of older women who look nothing like the women I grew up admiring-my grandmothers.  Several are the women who have changed and altered everything bestowed on them by Nature. Anyhow the sad part is most of them do not look any younger than their untouched and natural peers. Why are many women in favour of a cosmetic-surgery-enhanced, cookie-cutter look? In today’s world the media’s portrayal of the looks of older women is not always positive. We see actors complain about the lack available for them when they have crossed 30. Many are the people, especially woman, who simply avoid gay hair and wrinkles at all costs. I have spoken to several women who are totally dissatisfied with their looks as they age. We hear complaints about wrinkles; sagging skin; a self-deprecating comment- “I’m too old to …” etc. Beauty is not the sole property of youth alone it is about being your best self, inside and outside at any age. 

Perfect and true beauty is not to be found in the looks of a supermodel. True beauty is about accepting and feeling good about you and not in resembling a supermodel. Culture everywhere encourages an eternally youthful appearance, changing the way you think about beauty will not only endow you with life-long confidence but will make feel and look your biological age….which you will fall in love with!. 

Place your beauty in your identity and not your identity in your beauty. Several aspects define your identity and how you look is just one of them. If you hold onto youthful beauty as a narrow definition of yourself, you are unlikely to enjoy your looks as you age. Go beyond your mirror image. Mirrors tell us only a minuscule part of what we appear to the outer world. Go past your reflection and see the real you!

 about your “flaws”, and focus on your strengths. When a woman asks me how to make her lips more luscious , I point out to  her beautiful smile and tell her about ways of enhancing  her lips with the correct lipstick. She surely was pleasantly surprised on seeing herself in the mirror!

:  It makes no sense to obsess that you cannot pass for 30 now that you are 40, because at 50 you are sure to look back at photos from 10 years ago and realize how fresh and youthful you were. We can save a lot of angst, if we make the best of the present time rather trying fight against time.

: We find something utterly beautiful about a woman who has lines on her face. Yes, lines are proof of the life we have lived so far, with its share of sorrow and happiness. Once you try to erase them, your face will have the look of a plastic-faced mannequin. 

Aim for a healthy life and keep yourself strong and fit. Eat healthy diet and be committed to a daily exercise routine. Lot of effort is needed and is not a quick fix solution to good physique. You will no doubt feel better over long term. 

Despite the hundreds of anti-aging products, there is no fountain of youth or magic solution to stop the effects of aging. Experts in the beauty industry are raising awareness on beauty and aging issues in hopes of helping women everywhere stop devaluing themselves just because they are getting older. 

The general thinking is that beauty is only a skin-deep issue. The perception of beauty according to researches is much more complicated than what is deemed as attractive and unattractive. Several beautiful women say, “I never consider myself to be beautiful,” and have pinpointed those aspects which they consider as flaws,   Serena Williams does not conceal her unusual muscular physique. Rather, her flaunting of her muscles enhances her appeal. This proves the point that looking beautiful and attractive goes beyond our physical self. 

 No doctor, dermatologist or surgeon can stop the physical changes of aging. Few ways may be there to enhance our looks; retain the moisture of our skin; and maintain luxurious dark hair. But these are just temporary and superficial

 There are also ways by which we can experience and even enjoy our changing looks. The more we take good care of ourselves and the more we smile, we will definitely feel better. Start this process early in life for a better You! 

While aging is inevitable and irreversible, self-image is timeless. It is an internal experience as to how we view ourselves from within as we age. It’s flexible and malleable and can be conquered whereas age is invincible. 

 A particular age has little to do with how old you feel.  It is within you to define yourself as to how you would like to be when you are 30, 40, 50…… Many a time we see women in their 20s feel old like a 60- year old woman, whereas some women feel and think young when they are in their 60’s. Ultimately it is you who defines your age. 

Release yourself from Beauty’s hold and you will see beauty embrace you. We are told who and what is beautiful. We know that youth is beautiful, but grandmothers can be beautiful as well. We come across some of the most beautiful women around us, who have a smiling face no matter what, and appear to be happy and contented at any age.

Handling the inevitable change in looks as you age is a psychological process as well as a physical challenge. Know what is true beauty and more understanding and peace will follow with the physical changes of aging. As you age, be rational and thoughtful to accept gracefully the changes in your outward appearance and this leads to happiness, which in turn adds beauty to your personality and gives your look a natural glow. This is the essence of beauty.

It is a futile exercise to try looking young 24/7.  This exercise occupies much space in our society which is youth-oriented.All you need to do is keep your brain active; lead a healthy life; eat a well-balanced diet; and have a few sincere friends. These will keep you agile, socially active; and strong and flexible. It is a mistaken notion that wearing of trendy clothes and turning towards Botox injections will help you maintain a youthful image always. Be proud of the wisdom that you have gained; the experiences which you have undergone; and the confidence that you have built in the years gone by.  Be zestful and happy as you celebrate your age year after year. Beauty is holistic.

No matter what shape or size you are, you should feel confident in your own skin. You should feel like a beautiful woman, no matter what!”

Be less scared of aging and you will look more beautiful. There is nothing pretty about fear.Beauty matters to all women, but to those who age beautifully, it matters neither too much nor too little. It is a well known fact that the basic aspect of our identity is our countenance. Yes, certainly looks do matter, but those of us who know to keep beauty well balanced with several other aspects, do enjoy our lives to the fullest. True beauty is that which comes from within. It is all about who you are and feeling good about yourself. It is a myth that only young women can be beautiful, as each stage of life brings its own kind of beauty. 

. Celebrate your life. 

 As Rosalind Russell once said, 

–END–

