Article – Somebody Always Notices

Photo credit: 

 from 

I saw you again the other day.

 It was you with the people you call your friends.

 I heard you talking that you are alone, you don’t have friends and nobody notices you.

Your Sibling acts as if you’re an enemy but when he/she returns from his/her classes, you are checked that did you have your food.

Your Best friend seems really busy all the time with the guy she calls her boyfriend. She is even creepy at texting, but she only remembers you when she needs someone and talks to you more than anyone else. You are the only person who calms her breath.

When you feel like you’re alone in class and everybody is enjoying among themselves, then even there in the seat behind you sits a guy noticing you listening to music. He often wishes he could talk to you and share his music with you.

People with grey hair and lot of experience love the way you present yourself and give your example to every other youngster the meet.

You neighbour is in habit seeing you up & down the road stomping and jumping as kids. She wonders and enquires about your health if you go missing even for a day.

There are people who await your presence at parties, even when they do not know they are waiting for you and some where deep inside they get disappointed when you do not show up.

They girls you don’t know nor do they know you. But still they admire you, your dress style, your hair and the way you speak.

I know its all so complicated. You are just an average person, like other girls and guys.

 But you are fascinating in the way you are.

 You are so human in nature. You are alive, you draw , you write, you talk, you think and make others think what you are thinking as well.

The First time when I saw you, you saw a baby at a party. You smiled at her and made faces to make the baby smile.

 Today, the other day a car passed by you, a dog peeping from the window. You got excited looking at it. You waved at it.

 There was a girl inside the car. She noticed you doing so. It was Me & This is the other day when I noticed you .

The way I noticed you, others also do. they are busy in their lives but they always have time to notice and care. You are loved. Loved by me, by others and by Him.

P.S. Somebody Always Notices.

–END–

