Diana was approaching her 40s and was not married.  So, Diana decided to take on challenges of doing things she would never do to break out of her comfort zone.  She was single and wanted to fulfill herself with adventures.  Don’t wait to carry out your dreams and do things that you always wanted to attempt.  She had quite a long list but it was something that she wanted to get through to prove to herself most of all that she can do anything.

Diana was a free-lance technical writer from a small town in New Jersey.  She started writing as a teenager and the passion was something that she stuck with through her life.  She went to college for business because it was something that her parents wanted her to do.  She got into IT and had various roles allowing her to gain a good understanding.  This got her into technical writing.  But technical writing is very restrictive and allows for guidelines to be followed and perfection.  Not allowing her to get out and express her mind and be free.  Free of rules and following her dreams.

The following is a preview of what Diana did to Breaking Out of Her Comfort Zone.  More adventures to be shared.

 

Diana planned a trip to visit a friend in San Diego, California.  She had never been there since her friend had moved out there.  Diana was very excited about venturing to a new place.  San Diego is near a town called La Jolla.  La Jolla is a very artistic town with a lot of intriguing things.  There is a beach that has Seals lay on and bask in the sun while resting.  There are so many cute stores and restaurants.  But most importantly there was a challenge that she identified in discussing with her friend upon her visit – hand gliding off a cliff at Torey Pines.  When Diana got to San Diego she was like a sponge.  Taking in all the differences that the west coast had to offer a person.

Torey Pines Glider port was established in the 1930s and known as the National Landmark for Soaring.  It is 1,500 feet to the bottom from the top of the cliff.  Her friend Joanna and Diana go to Torey Pines glider port.  Diana’s heart was pumping with a bit of anxiety but a sense of freedom of breaking out of her restrictions.  She signed up and listened to all the safety precautions.  She was told since it was her first time jumping off a cliff that she would need to jump with an instructor as a tandem. 10 minutes until she jumps and the excitement of trying something new and conquering not only a challenge but fear of heights.

The instructor secures her harness and another instructor does a thorough spot check to ensure that everything is properly fastened.  Diana and the instructor step to the edge of the cliff.  And the instructor does a count down 3 – 2 – 1 and then both of them proceed forward off the cliff.  The feeling she felt was exhalating and such a rush.  To have fear and excitement meet each other at the same moment.  As she glided to the ground and the wind flowing through her hair she felt a sense of accomplishment.

Diana had never been to Europe and was asked by a bank to go to the Netherlands for three months for a technical writing project that was needed to be done.  She decided to do something which could be a dream of a life time and to go for it.  But going to a foreign country she had never been to by herself there was a bit of fear brewing inside.  Fear of the unknown on what to expect and coming to peace with being able to explore alone.  Diana packed her backs and was off.

The bank that she was working for assigned her an apartment to live in Amsterdam.  The town that she was going to be working in was Utrecht which was approximately 40 minutes south by train.  But the adventure to live in Amsterdam was something that she couldn’t pass up.  Amsterdam has so many intriguing things to look at and do.  Native individuals learn Dutch, German and English growing up.  To be there with only the ability to speak English is something of a comfort in a trip taking her out of her comfort zone.

Diana was staying in Amsterdam on a street located across from the flower market.  The Netherlands is known for their beautiful tulips and their May annual bloom.  Marijuana and prostitution are also tolerated in the Netherlands.  Diana was told by coworkers that it is not really accepted by residents but they realize it a tourist attraction.  There are just so many differences that are intriguing.

First of all, the Netherlands is in the European Union ad they use the Euro currency which is approximately 1.20 dollars per Euro.  The best method to pay for things is via your credit card because you get the best exchange rate.  But some places only take cash so using the paper and coin money that look very colorful it is.  Another difference is there are a lot of tall and not a lot of overweight Dutch.  The food that they eat are not made with a lot of preservatives and they do not over eat.  As an example, for lunch they will eat a slice of break with some cheese on it.  Cheese is a very big thing there.  They will eat it with a knife and fork and savor each bite.  They also do a lot of walking and riding bikes.  Diana noticed people even riding their bikes in the snow. Streets are very narrow and parking is not prevalent so it is easier to walk and ride a bike. Diana took in all the culture and admired her experience. She became close with some co-workers that took her to new type of restaurants such as Indonesian, Brazilian and Vietnamese. Things that she had never tried before that were wonderful.

There are so many European countries so close to the Netherlands that are not difficult to travel to so Diana decided to take some trips and really explore by herself.  She took a train to Paris which was a four-hour train ride on a 185mph train.  Paris is a beautiful city which such a different culture.  While she was there she went to the top of the Eiffel Tower.  Also going to the Louvre museum and saw the Mona Lisa and a lot of interesting art and treasures.  She ate at restaurants on her own enjoying a delightful crepe filed with Nutella and bananas alone.  She didn’t feel uncomfortable being out and being alone.  It seems that a lot of people do it comfortably.  She held her head up high and decided to take pride and enjoy the fear.  She went to see the Arch de Triumph on the Champs-Elysees.  It is located on a wonderful street with various stores such as Louis Vuitton and the largest Sephora she has ever seen.

Another weekend she decided to go to Brussels, Belgium. Belgium is a two-hour train ride from Amsterdam. If you continue down the same train line two additional hours you make your way to Paris.  Brussels is a beautiful city. The chocolates and beer are a main attraction to the city. They do not have preservatives and taste pure and amazing.  Diana decided to go on a hop on, hop off bus tour to explore the culture of Brussels. Touring near the Prime Minister’s residence and when the Belgium flag is flowing on top of the residence the Prime Minister is in the country. Diana thought that that couldn’t be a safe indication to outsiders that your Prime Minister is in the country.  An additional fact, Brussels hosted the World’s Fair in 1958 and there is a monument that was constructed that still stands as a reminder of the event.

Additional cities Diana visited during her European trip were Rome, Italy and Dusseldorf, Germany. Diane just sat on a boat trip she booked to travel the Rhine River in Germany and felt wonderful that she had proved to yourself that you can do anything you put your mind to. You just have to believe in yourself and know that stepping out of your comfort shell can be very gratifying

–END–

