Story of a Cancer Survivor – My WIG Laughs with KAPIL SHARMA

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am a lady who love to dressed up smartly like any other lady wants to.. I love to wear all kind of dresses which suits my personality, with bright lipstick and well painted nails, feet covered with high heels and love to spread smile in each and every person, to whom I belong to.

 Last night, I have seen very scary dream and was thinking about that next day, I was not feeling to go to office and just wanted to sit alone..and watch TV..I usually like to watch TV when I feel down…while changing the channels and thinking about the dream..I stopped my channel to Kapil’s show..He and his team is the one who releases your worries..

 But that day after check up, I come to know about my suffering.

One day, In the evening, I was just sitting and lost in my thoughts..where I was just alone..I am not a person who is full of people around but my parents, husband, kids..no one was around at that moment..I was just sitting and looking to my WIG..

This title must have amazed you..why I am talking about my WIG and what is the connection between KAPIL and my WIG. My wig is a fight with my life..I am a cancer patient and at this moment I am loosing the favourite part of me..my hair…the time was there when my friends use to praise my hair..the texture, the colour, the style, the way I do them..but I was slowly and gradually losing them..at this moment of time I need wig..cause I don’t want to see myself bald..I really hate this word..I cried I prayed ..once I love to see mirror but now hate to see myself..I don’t know where the pain has gone to lose everyone..I was just thinking about my looks..

I use to say this to my husband that if he become bald I will run away..but at this stage of my life my hubby was standing by my side..taking care of everyone at home..my kids, though they are not that grown up, but understands what is happening…

To see the love to my hair..my daughter gave idea to her father to buy a wig for me to hide my baldness…

It’s 20th January, the date of my birthday…my kids and husband came with a big surprise for me..I was so curious to open it..but more than that my kids were excited and wanted to open..I said ok, you both open, I closed my eyes..they opened and fixed on my head..Oh! My God

I was the happiest person..with tears rolled on my cheeks..it was the best gift of my life..though I never wanted to have wig on my birthday.

Now at least I can see a mirror and smile. They found happiness for me.

The room of the hospital was nice.. everything was there for my comfort like hotel..TV, fridge, cattle for making my favourite tea etc..I was really missing my house..don’t know whether I go back or not…I was missing my touch which I have given to my house..the favourite corner of my house..my canvas..paints..brushes.. everything..

I could make it possible to find my corner here in my room of the hospital..where the TV kept..I was so busy in facing troubles in my life..that I forgot how we sat together at home and watch KAPIL in his show..and that is one of my favourite show..my husband gave me recorded videos to see and make my brain diverted.

I never get this much time to watch TV when I was at home..but now at this stage of time I must say KAPIL..I become your fan. Sometimes while enjoying your show I laugh so much holding my stomach and rolled on the bed that my WIG usually falls.. you must have known that you are doing such a great job for your country..

I want to see more shows of you and more beautiful years of my life with my family and friends..wants to serve my country and feel satisfied..

I am not at all saying that my fight is big, every person is fighting with their own battles and God bless them to overcome from their situations by being positive..

God give strength to me and my family and every person who is fighting in their life for their survival …

I don’t know if I see more years of my life or not but want to see my growing India..and laughing nights with KAPIL ..you are the heart rate of our country people..love you..from all of my new friends (patients).

 I wish I live to see Kapil and give a WIG to all the cancer patients who lost their hair to bring back their beautiful smile on their face..

–END–

