 

I found this letter when I tried to pick a silver bell from huge Christmas tree decorated in campus of Church. Before I could become emotional and change my plan or caught by someone, I left the letter as it was and ran away from the yard with silver bell.

I was passing through one bungalow. I could smell acrid marijuana with beer. I peeped in. A group of few teenagers boys and girls was celebrating Christmas. All were wearing Santa’s red cap but hardly anything else. They were so toxicated that I found it very easy to jump in the bungalow through open window anticipating big booty. Suddenly I saw 6-7 packets of Pizzas – totally intact and unattended by these rich youngsters. I remembered last line of the letter I read few minutes back. I could not control and dropped my plan to grab the easy loot, carefully picked the pizzas, and returned towards the orphanage. I kept the pizzas (along with silver bell) at door of the orphanage and ran away after knocking the door. I could hear cheering sound of bunch of kids but kept running until I reached my room.

Two days later, the letter was published in a national daily. There were overwhelming responses to the news. My country is really great. There is no dearth of generous donors. Someone told that more than thirty four lakhs (3.4 million) were donated to the orphanage. The orphanage trustee, grandson of great philanthropist, had done MBA from a famous B-School. He used the letter to the fullest marketing advantage of the dying trust founded by his grandfather. Finally his aptness paid – thirty four lakhs. I felt very happy – not as a thief but as a human – kids would no more be hungry for a decade or so, I guessed.

But I was wrong. The MBA skill slowly ploughed the collection in a new business. Trust account showed effective use of the booty – façade of orphanage was renovated, two computers were added along with new sofa set in main office of the orphanage, and few honourandum parties in which the kids sang in chorus, 

 (Give us power, O my lord…). That’s all. I would not be surprised if I would get similar letter again on Christmas but thank god – I am a thief – at least I can steal pizzas for them on the Christmas night.

__END__

