Story of Cigarette Smoke Quitting – Made for Each Other

Photo credit: 

 from 

It all started when i was 15 year old and my friend gave me a stick . And that stick was called CIGARETTE . As a teen ager I was quite excited . As my friend gave me cigarette and I took matchbox from my pocket to light up. But I failed to light up . It was my first meeting with cigarette. It was gold flake . Small gold flake . And from that day I started to smoke up. I was kind of happy. Even I was not able to take smoke in but I was feeling proud by holding that stick . And I thought it’s very exciting . Every day at evening a friend used to come and by contributing we use to buy gold flake . Now I was taking smoke in . I thought it is helping me to relieve. I know it was bullsh*t.

As time passed my daily encounter with cigarette turned into addiction and gradually into a necessity. And after that I met with new product called alcohol . It was all going very smoothly. I didn’t even notice I was playing with my lungs and liver. I was living in world of quotes and movies. And after 2-3 years I became alcoholic and smoker. Now I don’t even needed for company . I started visiting bar alone. Lighting cigarette was now child’s play. And I started taking marijuana . And all alcohol, cigarette and weed was killing me slowly.

But I was un noticed. I was in love with cigarette . I was like Mad lover who doesn’t know any thing except her love.

 And one day after 16 years I realized I am not well. My lover is like poison . she is like time bomb. And I decided to QUIT.

QUITING is not as easy as adapting . Daily I tried quitting bt I was helpless . every morning I was attracted towards cigarette shop . I always wanted to get high.

By the way I wasn’t chain smoker . But yes for my body it was too much.

And one morning I made strong determination to break p with cigarette and decided to quit . For about 12days I remained away from cigarette . It was like she is calling me and I was acting as heartless b**ch . On 15th day a friend came and said,”light up buddy…..ek cigarette pee loge to kuch chala nai jayega….” And I couldn’t resist . As I put it in my mouth . I took matchstick . As I lighted up blood started like flowing in my body. I felt like brain started working .

 And I felt that it was not any ordinary relation .

Me and cigarette is very sacred relation and after that cigarette I lighted another one …and sang a song ” har fikr ko dhue me udata chala gaya .”

—

