The Subway Narrative

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Footpath Baba was sleeping exhausted after a hard day of work. The dead silence of the street was pierced sharply by loud shrieks of a girl. The loud cries woke him up from a deep slumber at that odd hour of the night, when even dirty street dogs have retired from their usual territory-marking rituals. Rubbing his weary eyes with his sweaty hands, it didn’t take him too long to figure out that not all was well! He rushed out of the subway with his walking stick.

The flummoxed Baba scratched his beard and a thought struck him like a lightning bolt. It was as if his self-perception of futility and collective angst propelled him to find his answers through a self-righteous decision he took in an instant that transformed him from a frail old man to a ferocious beast. He attacked them with his walking stick delivering repeated heavy blows till they collapsed. An uncontrollable manic fit urged him to tie their hands, legs and cover their mouths and he stopped only after dragging them to the nearby waste collection pit covering them with garbage, most of which he used to collect.

Baba looked into the melancholic vacuum of the girl’s eyes and erupting into tears, she squealed “There is no place for me to go, Baba!” Baba reassuringly told her to stay with him in the subway till the morning. She narrated her sordid tale of being sold to a pimp by her uncle, with whom she had migrated from Nepal (after the death of her parents in an accident) and tragic story of being trapped in the labyrinthine red-light world until she escaped that night. Baba also opened up and told her of his miserable life as a rag-picker.

In the morning, the waste collecting truck came and the driver loaded all the waste without noticing the two youngsters. The young men opened their eyes and found themselves tied up and amidst a huge mountainous heap of waste, scrap, plastic, garbage and muck.

***

The girl was now studying in a school and living a better life in an orphanage thanks to an NGO (A lady sweeper, on Baba’s insistence, helped the girl to reach there). Champa, the underage prostitute is now enrolled as Neha (name her mother had given her). She gets her redemption through her restored name. Neha always contemplates about the ways in which she would help Baba to a better life. And, she wants to be a teacher when she grows up.

Baba now has shifted his home to a faraway subway. He still goes about his business of picking rags. He occasionally plays his flute, thinking he deserves to live and he is not as futile as he thought himself to be.

The two brats recovered their car and instead of going for a police complaint they decided to erase the incident from their memory so as to rid themselves of the pain of recalling the humiliation, when they woke up rubbing their nose in the city’s wasteland after a night gone wrong. The brats tried to forget their scars by hitting the parties and wallowing in booze.

