Article – Lets contemplate over our existence.

Photo credit: 

 from 

Are we humans?

 Are we actually alive?

 Is the Earth our home?

 Are we really a part of this humongous universe?

 Are we awake? Or are we dreaming?

 Is this the other end of life? Have we lived the other half?

 What if this is all unreal?

 What if this is a magic show?

Too many questions isn’t it? Yes, and they are not the ones with no use. I mean there’s always something we can never imagine. We all have our boundaries which we can never push further even if we try really hard.

 Like for example if we are living on the planet Earth and the Earth is in the Milky way galaxy and the galaxy is in a space where there are other galaxies too then those are into some bigger space but then where’s the end to it?

 I bet we all have thought about it once in our lifetime and we all have no answer to it.

What if we are not humans at all. What if we are Aliens who came into existence when there was the meteor shower during the time of Dinosaurs.

What if the phenomena was all planned? And it was an experiment by higher animals (homo superiors, so to say). May be we are just the lab rats for them? We think we know about our existence and how everything evolved. But what if this is planned? Programmed into our memories so we think this is real?

Let’s say this to be a dream. Or an act of hypnotism? May be we are just an audience to one of the greatest magic show and one of us rather anyone of us was hypnotised and we are just living in his/her dream which will be over with a click of a finger. Which will take away our very existence.

Ever thought about such things? I am sure you did, sometime or the other. So let me just tell you as you read this that even this might not actually be true. May be I was programmed to write this to trigger some thirst for some hidden knowledge in you. Or it might so be that what ever you read was not real at all. You are just dreaming and you might just get up in 5 minutes and forget about all the years you think you have lived.

So think! What is your existence actually? Does it really mean anything? Are we what we think ourselves to be?

 What will we do when we are done dreaming?

THINK !

