A Few Pages From Jahnavi’s Diary

Photo credit: 

 from 

:

In this story, I tried my level best to showcase emotions, real life situations and of course stressed little on how different people behave at different times. Here, In this story, I concentrated to focus on showcasing the evil virtues that a man possesses. I hope this story would grab your attention and entertain you at its best.

:

Have you ever thought what all could life teach you? For some it leaves good memories and for some it doesn’t. Few of us might want to recollect our flashback and for few of us even the thought of recollecting those days lets us down. Here is the story of a girl, Jahnavi, which for sure, would make all of us to think for a while.

 

“Whom were you scolding on phone madam?  Why do you take things to heart always?” Bhargavi asked Jahnavi as she found her friend so upset after that call.

“I was not scolding; I was begging him to speak properly. But he didn’t do it, as usual.” Jahnavi leaned her head on Bhargavi’s lap and cried.

“Is this the way a law student should feel bad about every small incident? Come on Jahnavi! Get up first. Go and wash your face.” Bhargavi said consoling her best friend, Jahnavi.

“Now tell me what the call all about was?” Bhargavi asked sitting close to Jahnavi.

“It was Komal on call…” Jahnavi said in a depressed tone.

 

Jahnavi spent most of her childhood in an orphanage since the time she lost her parents in an accident. Her relatives showed little interest to bring her up and they joined her in orphan school which looks after children of her kind.

Jahnavi was just six when this all happened. She always had a thought of just to be loved by someone.

Jahnavi’s activeness, cheerful nature and kindness gained her a pool of friends. Bhargavi is one in such pool of friends with whom Jahnavi feels comfortable sharing anything that happens in her life. Their friendship started budding when they both joined the same college in the city. It blossomed into a beautiful friendship soon.

Bhargavi’s parents too liked Jahnavi’s character and attitude. They proved that humanity still exists in this world and asked Jahnavi to stay with them.

It was a sunny day in the month of April while Jahnavi was preparing for her LLB entrance exam.

“Yes. I will become a good lawyer one day” Jahnavi said herself. A confident, Self-dependent and energetic girl she was, Jahnavi used to work as a part time tutor in a famous school nearby to meet her basic financial needs.

“Hey Bhargavi, Deepak is calling you. Should I tell him that you are busy in cooking food? “Jahnavi screamed.

Within fraction of seconds, Bhargavi rushed to that room, grabbed phone from Jahnavi and picked up the call smiling at her friend.

 

“Hey Hi Deepak, what’s the matter? I told you not to call me this time, forgot? “Bhargavi said in a bit serious tone.

After few minutes of her conversation on phone, “Okay. I will be there by 8 tomorrow morning. Good night” Bhargavi ended the call.

Then Bhargavi called her parents who went to visit their relatives. She called them to inform about her tomorrow’s plan to attend one of her friend’s sister’s wedding. The call was not just to inform them but to get approval.

“If Jahnavi would join you the event, then you can go ahead dear.” Bhargavi’s parents said and cut the call.

Now it’s Bhargavi’s turn to beg Jahnavi to join her for the wedding. As Jahnavi was preparing for her entrance exam, she didn’t want to waste time.

Deepak was Bhargavi’s best friend and it’s his sister’s marriage for which she was invited. After Bhargavi promised that they would be back home by afternoon, Jahnavi finally agreed to join her friend.

Jahnavi was silent throughout the wedding as she didn’t know anyone there except Bhargavi. Though she had couple of interactions with Deepak, she didn’t speak much with him as he was busy in making arrangements in the wedding.

While both the friends were about to return home, soon after wedding; Deepak stopped them to introduce the married couple.

“Hey sis, meet my friends Bhargavi and Jahnavi” Deepak said introducing them to each other.

Ten minutes later, Jahnavi sensed that someone was staring at her; but she ignored.

As Jahnavi didn’t want to waste time in that event, she informed Bhargavi and both left the place immediately.

A week later this event, Jahnavi was travelling to attend her Law entrance exam in the city nearby. She settled in her berth and opened practice books to check how much she can answer those model questions.

The journey was a whole night journey and Jahnavi was deeply involved in solving the model papers.

It was 11 in the night and someone in the compartment switched off the light.

“Hello, I am sorry. I have exam tomorrow. Could you please switch on the light? I want to read for some more time.” Jahnavi pleased her co-passenger.

o-

assenger: “Hello… Hi, you? “

Jahnavi:  “Yes please. Do you know me? I mean did we meet before?”

: Yes. I saw you in that wedding. You remember?

Jahnavi: Which wedding?

CP: Deepak’s sister’s marriage. You forgot?

Jahnavi: Oh… okay. I did attend. So what?

CP: I am Komal. May I know your name please?

Jahnavi: Nice name. Good night.

CP thought she ended the conversation abruptly as she didn’t like his behavior. He went back to his berth and slept.

Around 6 AM, next day morning, train reached its destination point. Jahnavi packed her luggage in hurry and got down the train. She hired an auto and was about to get into that.

Jahnavi heard someone calling her by name. She turned back to see who was that.

It was Komal, her co-passenger. Jahnavi got angry thinking that Komal was following her. But she was silent and didn’t show her anger.

“Hey Jahnavi…. Is this hall ticket yours? “Komal asked showing a piece of paper.

“Oh my god. How did I miss this? Thanks a lot…. Mr.….” she paused as she couldn’t recollect his name.

“Komal” He helped her calling his name.

“Oh…okay Komal. Thanks a lot once again. Bye” said Jahnavi keeping the hall ticket in her hand bag.

“I am sorry to bother you. You seem new to this city. If you could tell me where exactly you want to go I can help you with” Komal asked pleasingly.

“No. Thank you. I can manage.” She intently cut the conversation, took the auto and left for exam center.

The clock was showing 5 in the evening that day; Jahnavi finished her entrance test and was waiting for an auto outside the exam center to catch train at 6:30 PM.

The place was crowded and it was really tough for her to get an auto. She didn’t want to miss the train and stay back in some hotel in an unknown city.

The clock showed 5:45 PM. She looked into air and prayed God to show some way for her.

Komal was passing that college road on his bike and saw Jahnavi waiting for auto. He initially thought to speak to her, but hesitated to do so thinking that Jahnavi would not feel comfortable.

Jahnavi too saw him and unintentionally smiled. She didn’t know the reason why she smiled. Komal reached her and asked, “Are you waiting for auto?”

Jahnavi: Yes. I have to catch train at 6:30.

Komal: If you don’t mind, I can drop you at station.

Jahnavi:  hesitatingly said….No. Thank you Komal.

Komal: You will miss the train otherwise; I will wait till you decide upon.

Komal was waiting for Jahnavi to decide upon and somehow Jahnavi felt okay to take his help. They reached railway station and by the time they reached it was 6:20.

Jahnavi: “Thanks Komal. Sorry for troubling you.”

Komal: No formalities Jaanu.

Jahnavi: Excuse me?? You can call me Jahnavi, just Jahnavi.

Komal was sorry for calling her by nickname and helped her in getting into the train.

Few months later, Jahnavi passed law entrance exam and secured a seat in reputed law college in the same city. She was happier for not leaving her best friend Bhargavi in the name of higher studies. She thanked god many times.

Sanjay, in his forties, was liked by many students for his dynamic and energetic teaching style. He always maintained liveliness during his lectures which attracted students to show much interest to listen to him.

Jahnavi found the lesson was quite interesting as it was by Sanjay and that too on one of her favorite topics, “Family laws in India”.

A guy interrupted the lecture and walked straight towards Sanjay. He must be a senior student and wanted to get some doubts clarified, Jahnavi thought.

Jahnavi couldn’t believe who she was looking at in front of her in the class room. It was Komal, now her senior in studies. She acted as if she didn’t see him. Komal smiled at her and left for his class.

During lunch break Jahnavi couldn’t help searching for Komal. Her heart warned her not to look for him; but she didn’t listen to.

“Hey Jahnavi. I am here.” Said Komal standing behind Jahnavi.

Jahnavi turned back and said, “Oh… but why?”

“Weren’t you searching for me?” Komal exclaimed.

“No. I wasn’t searching for anyone. Why should I?” Jahnavi tried to act for the second time.

Komal: “Forget about it. But tell me how come you are here?”

Jahnavi wanted to shout at Komal that it was none of his business to know for what she was there. But she didn’t dare to do that as Komal was her senior.

Jahnavi: “I joined into LLB this year. Which year you are into?”

Komal: “Oh that sounds really nice. I am in final ML, Masters in Law.”

Jahnavi: “Good. It’s time for me to go. Bye”

“One minute Jahnavi. XXXXXXXX77 is my number. You can save it.” Komal said waiting for Jahnavi to give her contact number.

“Thanks. Bye” Jahnavi ran from there without even caring for a response from Komal.

A couple of months later, Sanjay planned to take final year post graduate students out for a practical session in District court. He decided to elect Komal as leader for that session.

“Hi Friends, This is Komal, final ML student of this college. I am glad to inform you all that you are very fortunate to get an opportunity to attend a live session in District court of Law. I take this opportunity to welcome you all for this event on behalf of our beloved lecturer Sanjay.” Komal said to his juniors of first year LLB looking at Sanjay.

“Yes. You all are cordially invited for this. Remember it’s not a mandatory one but surely will give you good exposure on various scenarios related to your subjects.” Added Sanjay and left the class.

Jahnavi didn’t understand why their batch was also invited for this initially but later she realized that it was Komal’s plan to take her for this; so he did this.

That was the third time Komal looked around for Jahnavi even though he was damn busy in helping Sanjay at the session. Jahnavi entered the hall along with her group of friends. She was wearing yellow – maroon bordered dress in which she looked gorgeous to Komal.

“Looking good in this dress Jahnavi”

“Who must have sent this message?” thought Jahnavi reading the message.

“Thank you. Who’s this?” she texted.

“It’s me, Komal J “

Jahnavi immediately rose her head up and searched for Komal there.

Komal, his batch mates along with Sanjay were speaking to dignitaries.

“Sorry. I can’t turn my head now and see you.” Jahnavi’s mobile beeped with message tone once again.

It got a smile on Jahnavi’s face. She didn’t give a reply to this message as their batch was also called to listen to the dignitaries.

Days passed, months moved, and finally after a year time; Komal was waiting for Jahnavi at bus stop nearby his house.

“What actually happened to both of us in this one year period? What made us to love each other? Today I am going to introduce you to my parents and make them agree for our wedding. Yes…. we will be wed-locked soon Jahnavi.” Komal thought as if he was really speaking to Jahnavi.

Jahnavi got down from the bus and was walking towards Komal. Observed that, Komal was lost in thoughts; Jahnavi went near him and stood without uttering a single word.

Needless to say that our heart could sense loved one’s presence very easily; Komal felt her presence there. They took an auto to Komal’s house; while the auto was in its way Komal wanted to make few points clear to Jahnavi and initiated a talk.

“Hey Jaanu… Hope you remember everything what I told you yesterday. Today is very crucial for both of us………..” Komal said holding Jahnavi’s hand.

Jahnavi interrupted his flow and said; “Yes! I do remember everything. I should be very polite, humble, shouldn’t use word “No”…….. That’s all right?”

“That’s not all. That’s everything Jaanu. “Komal said.

This is probably 100

 time you are telling me this Komal. Do you think that I don’t have the list of qualities you have given me to practice on?

“You are my angel dear. I know you do have all of them. But somewhere in the corner of my heart I have little fear. So…. “Komal paused looking into Jahnavi’s eyes.

“Don’t worry. Everything will be fine.” Jahnavi assured him.

As the auto reached Komal’s house; he asked the auto-driver to stop. Both got down and Komal paid the auto. Jahnavi was shocked looking at a big bungalow and marble tiles on which it was written “Komal’s Mansion”.

A middle aged man in his watchman uniform saluted Komal and opened the gate.

The bungalow just resembled another world. It got all the luxuries that a modern one could and was surrounded with a huge lawn and a garden beside. Jahnavi was stunned seeing this.

Back in her conversations with Komal, Jahnavi remembered Komal telling that he was not rich enough to buy a car. But the place was not at all matching with what Komal said her.

As both were walking through the lane towards main door of that big bungalow; Jahnavi’s mind was filled with various thoughts.

A series of questions ran through Jahnavi’s mind. Did Komal lie to her? What was that strong reason made Komal to hide the truth? Why he had to love a girl like her when he had all the so named comforts? Was he trying to cheat her? ………….

One after another, endless questionnaire disabled her thinking process. Her mind was all blank. She was left with unanswered questions. She wanted to know the answers for all of them, if not at least for few.

“Mom….Meet my friend, Jahnavi.” Komal said introducing Jahnavi to his mom, Sangeeta.

Jahnavi didn’t realize that she was in front of Komal’s mother as she walked all the way from main gate till living room only with questions that her mind had left her. She stood like a statue.

“Namaste Aunty. I am…. I am… I am Jahnavi, Komal’s friend.” Jahnavi greeted Komal’s mother after been pinched by him.

“Oh… Jahnavi? Nice name. I think you are tensed. Come Jahnavi. Sit here. Feel as your home. “Sangeeta said soothingly.

“Komal said that you both are best friends. Happy to meet you.” Sangeeta added.

Jahnavi felt like as if she was speaking to her mother.

“What would you like to have Jahnavi? Juice, tea or coffee?” asked Sangeeta sitting close to Jahnavi.

“No, thanks… Amma (mom)… I am sorry… I felt like I was talking to my mom, so called you Amma. Please don’t mind aunty.” Jahnavi said.

“Oh… come on Jahnavi. You can call me as you wish. Let’s have something and then we can talk.” Sangeeta said and ordered maid to get apple juice.

“Mom… Jahnavi is here not just as my friend…. She… she…” Komal was not able to convey what he wanted to.

Few minutes later Komal gathered words and said…..”Mom, she would be your daughter-in-law, if you accept her.”

“So… you have chosen your life partner? What if I don’t accept? Will you still marry her?” Sangeeta said seriously.

“Mom, we both like each other. We can make a perfect couple. Please mom.” Komal pleased.

“Good. You both like each other, so you want to get married? What about your father and me? Have you ever thought that we too like you?” Sangeeta still continued her mood of seriousness.

“Come on mom, I love you both. I didn’t expect a “No” from you.” Komal said looking at Jahnavi.

“Okay…. Look Jahnavi. Ask your parents to talk to us. We both will discuss and decide upon this.” Sangeeta concluded.

Tears rolled from Jahnavi’s eyes….”I am an orphan. I don’t have a family.”

Sangeeta reacted seriously on this and asked Jahnavi to leave the place immediately.

Komal was shocked to receive such unexpected behavior by his mother as he always had a faith that mother would be the first one to react positively about his marriage with Jahnavi.

Jahnavi was about to start from Komal’s house. She looked into Komal’s eyes. He looked into her eyes and stood silently as he didn’t have a clue on how to react.

Jahnavi understood that Komal can’t speak anything right now and was almost reaching to main door.

“Never ever meet my son. Okay? If I see you with him again, I don’t know what it will make me to do. You can leave now.” Sangeeta said harshly.

“Mom, this is not fair. You liked her as my friend but why not as my life partner? “Komal screamed out loud in anger and walked out.

Komal ran out fast to speak to Jahnavi and assure her that they would get married soon even if his parents don’t agree. But Jahnavi had already left the place by the time he came out. He called on her mobile.

“Hey sweet heart. Don’t get disappointed. Everything will be alright. Trust me.” Komal said.

“Okay. Take care Komal.” Jahnavi said and had cut the call.

A couple of weeks later, Jahnavi and Komal had planned to meet at a restaurant for lunch.

Jahnavi was actually waiting for a chance to ask Komal, why he had to tell lies to her when he had all the so called luxuries. She doubted how Komal would receive it if she asks him.

“Komal might feel bad that I didn’t trust him if I pose this question to him”, Jahnavi thought. But she wanted to listen from him if there was something bothering him.

“Komal, I feel something is bothering you. Tell me if I can know what that is?” Jahnavi said looking into his eyes.

Looking into Jahnavi’s eyes, he couldn’t hide the truth for longer time.

“I too don’t have a true family Jahnavi. They adopted me when I was 6 months old. They had no children for almost 10 years and that was when they brought me from a poor family for money. I got to know this when my family lawyer came to our house for discussing some property related issues. I was shocked listening to this news. “

“Till then it was all good…. but when I initiated my job of knowing how and where the money comes and goes in our family business, she started hating me. She wanted me not to interfere in financial matters.”

“Real feelings of Sangeeta aunty started oozing out one by one and the flow had continued till I left my home. “

“Since then I started earning on my own and learnt to be independent” Komal added and was looking deep into the cup of ice cream, he was having.

“What? What did you say? Was it all true? I just can’t believe this Komal. I never imagined you telling me that you are an orphan. I was feeling lucky that I would stay with a family at least after our wedding. All of my hopes went down.” Jahnavi said with great disappointment.

“But why do you still want their acceptance for our wedding?” Jahnavi expressed her doubt.

“There I am Jahnavi. Though they bought me for money, they never treated me like that. They always cared for me. My luck and fate has turned worse only since few years. I still love them. Moreover, I just don’t want our children to have only two of us.  Our children should feel the love of their grandparents too. It’s easy for me to marry you and stay away from them, but I just don’t want that to happen.” Komal said and looked into Jahnavi’s eyes to know her opinion.

Jahnavi understood his concern and nodded her head indicating that she was fine with his decision.

Komal tried all the possible ways to convince his parents. He had really tough time for almost two years and finally decided to marry Jahnavi though they didn’t accept.

By the time Komal took his final decision, Jahnavi too completed her graduation in Law studies and was ready for marriage. Jahnavi informed Bhargavi’s parents about this. They were happy too.

Bhargavi and her parents were busy in making arrangements for marriage. “

” read the handmade wedding card prepared by Bhargavi.

The marriage was planned in a temple nearby Bhargavi’s house. It was a simple marriage as Jahnavi had no relatives except Bhargavi’s parents and Komal too had none as his parents were not fine with his decision. Few of Bhargavi’s relatives and their common friends were there at the venue.

Jahnavi was wearing a blue saree which had shining velvety embroidery work on it. She had no make – up; yet she looked gorgeous.

They all were waiting for Komal to come there as they were told by the priest to perform the wedding formalities before 10:20 AM.

Jahnavi was sobbing inside her heart as the time was running fast and the clock showed 11:30 AM. Komal didn’t show up to the wedding venue.

“Did Sangeeta aunty warn Komal not to marry me or did she threaten him or cause any trouble?”  Jahnavi’s mind didn’t let her go away from these thoughts.

Bhargavi tried calling on Komal’s mobile but he was not picking up the call. She worried imagining that Komal might have met with an accident. But she didn’t dare to reveal her imaginations to Jahnavi as she found her friend was already into tears.

After 10 minutes, Jahnavi got a call from unknown number. She was not in a mood to receive any calls except from Komal. She didn’t lift the call for some time.

Later, her intelligence drove her to think that “what if those calls were from Komal?” She immediately called back on the unknown number.

Jahnavi could hear heavy breathing over the phone. Her heart was beating very fast. She was unable to hold the phone out of tension. Bhargavi came near stood beside.

“I am sorry Jahnavi. I cheated you. I won’t come there. I will not marry you. I am extremely sorry for everything I did till now.”  Komal said over the phone.

“It’s not Komal. It’s not my Komal.” Jahnavi cried out loud throwing the phone away.

Bhargavi understood that the call was from Komal, picked the thrown away phone to speak to him. Before she tried to say something, Komal had cut the call.

Jahnavi felt deep silence even if Bhargavi and her parents were trying to console her. She hugged Bhargavi tightly and cried a lot.

Somewhere in Jahnavi’s heart, she had little hope that Komal would call her. She didn’t expect apologies from him but was desperately waiting him to come back in her life.

It took almost 3 months for Jahnavi to realize that Komal wouldn’t call her or meet her anymore till the time Sangeeta called her to inform that Komal got married and moved to UK along with his wife.

This time, Jahnavi didn’t care for what Sangeeta aunty told her, but she was more than happy to hear that Komal got married and will not be back in her life.

“Oh. That’s really fantastic news for me. You deserve a treat for telling this to me, aunty” Jahnavi’s was so excited.

“What? Aren’t you angry for what Komal did? I think you have gone mad listening to what I did say just now.” Sangeeta exclaimed.

“No, Aunty. He killed my hope, he killed my trust and finally he killed my love for him. Why should I take the pain for a heartless fellow? Seriously, for the first time in my life, I am so happy. It’s time to celebrate this. Catch you later, Aunty. Thanks once again. Bye.”  Jahnavi said and cut the call.

Jahnavi thought to celebrate her happiness with Bhargavi and intimated her to be ready for an outing, the next day.

“Is Jahnavi really happy that Komal got married to another girl? Or is she pretending to be happy? Why does she need to act, if she is not actually happy?” Bhargavi questioned herself.

“Jahnavi lost her parents and suffered a lot to survive as an orphan. She passed years awaiting true love that can take care of her and shower a pinch of affection which she never felt throughout her life. After Komal’s entry into Jahnavi’s life, there were many notable changes that happened in her life. She was excited to quick start a new life with him. She planned a lot for her future with Komal. She never expected that sorrow would come back to her life in the form of Komal till the time he left her for unsaid and invalid reasons, in fact for no reason.” Bhargavi looked into air thinking of her friend, Jahnavi.

“Hey, Bhargavi. Where are you lost?” Jahnavi enquired looking deep into the list of items in the menu card.

“Jahnavi, shall I ask you one straight question? You should tell me the truth. Okay?” Bhargavi asked as she wanted to know what exactly this celebration meant for.

“Don’t ask me any questions that relate to General Knowledge, I am poor at answering such.” Said Jahnavi laughing cheerfully.

“I am happy to see you laughing, but can’t see your smile which hides the deep pain inside.” Bhargavi said holding Jahnavi’s hand.

“Who told you that I have pain inside my heart and giving a fake smile? I am so happy, in fact.” Said Jahnavi looking somewhere around.

“Is it? Okay… Fine… then, look into my eyes and tell me….. Your eyes can’t hide the truth, but your lips can.” Bhargavi asked holding Jahnavi’s hand more tight than before.

Jahnavi tried avoiding eye contact with Bhargavi for more than five minutes or so, but she couldn’t hold it for longer time.

“Oh my god. I shouldn’t have forced her to answer my stupid question. She might burst out into tears to answer me.” Bhargavi scolded herself.

“Let’s go out and search for some place where we can talk in private.” Said Jahnavi.

“It’s ok… There is no one around us. I booked this table specifically. We have enough privacy to talk.” Bhargavi assured.

Jahnavi sighed heavily and took couple of minutes to start expressing her feelings.

“You know everything about me right? How I was? How I am now? How things happened in my life? I am not a heartless creature. I too have feelings. Komal played with my emotions. He taught me not to trust people so blindly. You know right, I took almost a year to accept his proposal. It was not that, I quickly believed him and got cheated. I never expected things to be like this. May be this is what life is? May be this is how people are?” Jahnavi paused for a while and continued.

“Initially, I couldn’t digest what all happened to me. My heart didn’t allow me to go away from his thoughts. After a very serious battle with my heart, I finally decided not to down myself with unnecessary emotions.”  Jahnavi added.

Bhargavi didn’t know how to show her feelings after listening to her friend. She silently stood up and hugged Jahnavi tightly.

“I never even imagined you being so brave. I love you, my darling.” Bhargavi whispered in Jahnavi’s ears as they were reaching home.

Jahnavi somehow managed to work as an apprentice with a famous lawyer in the city for quite some time. Listening to problems, understanding and dealing with such cases has become a sweet pill for her now.

Jahnavi closely observed girls of her age in rural areas, struggling so much to hold back their marital life. Illiteracy and lacking of awareness forced them to be in that situation.

It was not much of shock or surprise to her when Jahnavi listened to people saying that they trusted someone and got cheated badly.

“Trust…. It’s the only reason that makes you get depressed.” Jahnavi thought and continued with her work.

As Bhargavi’s father got transferred to another place; Bhargavi had to move along with her parents.

Jahnavi was all alone there staying in a hostel after Bhargavi’s family left the city. Bhargavi and Jahnavi used to talk over phone whenever they found time.

Jahnavi was completely into another world of her job as a Lawyer. She started her new life and there buds another twist in her life.

It was a hot sunny day and the clock showed 2 in the noon. Jahnavi completed her lunch and was relaxing in her office room reading some magazines.

Jahnavi made reading magazines as her daily routine soon after finishing lunch as she wanted to avoid sleep during day time.

Now, Jahnavi became a good lawyer in the city who can tackle the cases related to family disputes very well.

“Madam, Clients want to meet you. Shall I send them in? “Jahnavi’s attender informed her.

“Okay, send them after ten minutes.” Jahnavi said and continued reading.

“Please be seated”, Jahnavi said to a young lady and a middle aged man who accompanied her.

The young lady was so lean and was looking pale. She had scars all around her face and few burns on her hands. She was of medium height and seemed to be from a descent and good family.

The man who was accompanying the lady was tall and stout. He was holding a brown color cover. His eyes were throwing the information of his sorrow and anger for someone.

As they both sat, Jahnavi asked them; “Tell me, how I can help you?”

The man introduced himself as a software engineer in an MNC and the lady as his cousin.

“I am Harish and she is my cousin, Sandhya. She filed a case against her husband. She wants to approach the law for justice.” said the middle aged man.

“Okay… what justice are you expecting? Could you please elaborate your problem, so that I can look into?” Jahnavi asked them taking a note pad and a pen into her hands.

“Yes. Madam. My father left us with good number of properties, luxuries and sound bank balance to lead a comfortable life. Sandhya is my mother’s sister’s daughter and that way she is my cousin. As we live in a joint family, we stay together since childhood in a comfortable mansion.”  Harish said and paused to gather his words further.

“It was all good till my cousin; Sandhya got married to a heartless and shameless fellow. He disturbed our lives. He never cared for her. He always wanted for more money from us. Though we subsided to all his brain less acts, he never ended troubling her.”  Harish’s flow was interrupted as he found her cousin was into tears.

Sandhya was crying out loud and it took more than fifteen minutes for Harish to stop her crying. After great effort, Harish could console his cousin.

“He is a cheater, he should be punished. There should be a financial settlement. I should receive share in all his properties.”  Sandhya spoke for the first time after she entered Jahnavi’s chamber.

Sandhya continued giving more details about her husband; Jahnavi listened carefully and made few points noted.

“Okay. So, would you like to stay with your husband, if he accepts?” Jahnavi questioned Sandhya.

“No, Madam. Please don’t push me into that hell again. I don’t want him anymore.” Sandhya concluded.

“That’s perfectly your wish. But, the law always wants to withstand the family relations as far as possible. You can always go for counseling before taking a decision.” Jahnavi said adjusting her spectacles.

“But that doesn’t work out with my so called husband XXXXX. I just want him to pay me some money as I don’t have other option to lead my life. I beg you to get this favor done for me.” Sandhya said in a pleasing tone.

“What? What did you say, your husband’s name?” Jahnavi asked curiously as she heard the name “Komal”.

“Komal, I said.” Sandhya replied.

“Oh…okay. After listening to your case, I have decided to take up this. I need few more details from you to investigate and produce it in the court. For that, you can meet me a day after. Call me before you plan to come here.” Jahnavi said hiding her anxiety after hearing Komal’s name.

Immediately after Sandhya and Harish left her chamber, Jahnavi called Bhargavi to share this news.

Jahnavi: “Hey, Bhargavi. I have some news to share with you.”

Bhargavi: “Oh, That’s good… but, let me share the news from my end, first.”

Jahnavi: “You will be excited, listening to what I would say. Let me tell you first.”

Bhargavi: “Yes, Lawyer Madam, go ahead.”

Jahnavi: “Today, two people came to me regarding some issue. They wanted me to fight for right justice to them. A lady, who got cheated by her husband in the name of marriage and her cousin walked into my office. And the twist here is; the so called husband’s name is Komal.”

Bhargavi: “What? Komal, Huh? Is he the same “Komal”? “

Jahnavi: “That I am not sure about. Hopefully, He should be the same, who played with my emotions.”

Bhargavi: “But why you hope him to be the same Komal, Jahnavi. I am not able to understand you. What’s the point even if he is the same?”

Jahnavi: “If it’s the same person, who was in my flashback; I would be more excited to silently watch how he is going to handle all these. Moreover, it’s me, who would prosecute the case against him. Isn’t it really exciting?”

Bhargavi: “Oh…. Then, it’s really great news.”

Jahnavi: “Let’s see… okay, what’s the news from your end?”

Bhargavi: “My parents gave green signal for my marriage with Deepak and his family members too. Both the families have to sit and decide upon wedding dates.”

Jahnavi: “Hey, This is really good news. I am happy for you. You both make good pair. So, where is the party?”

Bhargavi: “Thank you dear. Sure, we will plan for the party. Catch you later, take care.”

Quickly after Jahnavi ended the call, Harish walked into her chamber once again and handed over a brown color cover which he carried with him.

“Ma’am, we have these photos as an evidence for Sandhya and Komal’s marriage. Hope we will win this case.” Harish said and left the place.

Now, after Harish said that the cover contains photos; anxiety and curiosity got doubled in Jahnavi.

“Yes!!! He is the same one. Now, the ball is in my court. “Jahnavi screamed after seeing the pics.

Jahnavi informed this to Bhargavi, sometime in the evening. Bhargavi asked her to keep an eye on Komal’s actions and ended the call.

“How cunning looks he has?” Jahnavi thought looking at Komal in the photos that Harish gave her.

“Is it possible for your husband to attend a family counseling?” Jahnavi asked Sandhya.

“No, as I told you earlier, I don’t expect for counseling. I would rather prefer a financial settlement.” Sandhya stressed on the term financial once again.

Jahnavi posed few more questions to Sandhya and marked some important investigation points to be performed. She wanted to take the help of detective as she got a few doubts on what Harish and Sandhya had told her.

A week later, Jahnavi approached Madhavi, a famous lady detective in the city and explained her on what she was expecting to do. Madhavi was simple and straight forwarded in nature.

Apart from discussing things related to the case; both Jahnavi and Madhavi started sharing their personal life matters too. It took just a couple of days for them to become good friends.

Madhavi speeded her investigation and detected what exactly was happening with Komal and Sandhya during their marital relationship. It was all kept confidential to bring out a final shape to the scene.

Once, Madhavi got clarity on many questions rose by Jahnavi, she discussed the same with Jahnavi. During one such discussion, Jahnavi got a call from unknown number and she answered the call. The call was from Komal.

“I expected a call from you. I don’t have much time to talk to you. Just finish it off quickly.” Jahnavi said over the phone.

“I am sorry Jaanu.” Komal’s voice was shivering.

“Stop the nonsense and come to the point. And, remember, I am not Jaanu. I am Jahnavi, Lawyer Jahnavi. Understand?”

“I know you would want to kill me if I am there in front of you. But still, I would like to meet you in person.” Komal was trying to make a long conversation.

“Excuse me! Mr. Sandhya Komal. You are my client’s husband. That’s how, I know you. If you would want to say something regarding your family issue, you can; else, you better don’t call me again.” Jahnavi was about to cut the call.

“You…You changed a lot, Jahnavi.” Komal said in a firm tone.

“Oh…That’s so nice to hear. I am happy that I changed. Bye.” Jahnavi didn’t wait for his response and had cut the call.

Jahnavi didn’t even bother to think whether Komal has changed his nature or not; but she was more curious to pull out thread of the case.

“Hello, Ma’am… This is your poor friend, Bhargavi. Please help me with your presence.” Bhargavi said over phone and laughed.

“Hey, Bhargavi…. Pardon me. I got busy in chasing Komal’s wedding mystery case. So, didn’t get time to call you.” Jahnavi apologized.

“Okay…But, wait a minute, it’s not a mystery case to chase, right? It’s a normal family issue case. Isn’t it?” Bhargavi was with her point.

“My work would have been much simpler if it was a family issue alone; but unexpected and unpredictable twists are keeping me busy.” Jahnavi muttered.

“What?? It’s quite interesting… Was Komal’s wedding, a mystery? Or the case has got turns?” Bhargavi asked in excitement.

“That’s the hook of the story… I will tell you everything once I come there, but not over phone.” Jahnavi chuckled.

Next week, Jahnavi was at Bhargavi’s wedding function. Both Bhargavi and Deepak were busy in performing traditional rituals. Jahnavi was extremely happy seeing her friend as a bride.

Jahnavi was shocked to see Komal at Bhargavi’s wedding. She had no clue, how Komal got to know about Bhargavi’s marriage and who did invite him.

Jahnavi ignored Komal’s presence and continued with her activities. After sometime, Jahnavi observed that someone was kneeling down before her. It was Komal.

“What nonsense would you want to propagate now? Get up and get lost…..” Jahnavi said in a most possible low tone that could be heard by Komal alone.

“Jahnavi !! No girl in this world can excuse my mistakes. I am extremely sorry for what I did. If you can accept my entry back to your life, I would be the happiest person in this world. I am pretty sure that you can’t do this at this point of time; but still, I would wait for you….for years and years.” Komal’s eyes were filled with tears and his voice was dry.

“Look, I don’t want to create a scene here. It would be better for you to leave the place before I call the crowd to take action.” Jahnavi said looking around.

“Please, Jahnavi. Give me one last chance. Just listen to me once… Please, I beg you.” Komal asked pleasingly.

“Enough of acting smart. Don’t test my patience.” Jahnavi said and moved away from there.

A couple of weeks later; the day had arrived. Yes! It was the day in the court on which Komal and Sandhya had to hear the judgment.

That day, Komal looked so depressed. He didn’t appoint any black coat professional to support him. He seemed to be least bothered about the judgment.

Sandhya was confident that she could definitely win the case as Jahnavi was there to defend her.

Bhargavi, her parents, Deepak and Harish were sitting in the court room.

Komal and Sandhya were sitting in their respective places opposite to each other in the court. As the court was a family court, there were two dock chambers for both wife and husband.

 

“You can proceed with your prosecution, Miss. Jahnavi.” The judge told on the day of hearing.

“Thank you, My Lord. My client, Sandhya has taken all the pains to just prove her husband Komal as a defect piece in this society.” Jahnavi said pointing her finger at Sandhya.

Sandhya started shivering, listening to the ambiguous statement aimed at her. “What’s going to happen here?” Sandhya thought and continued to lean her ears.

“With your kind permission, Shall I cross examine, Mrs. Sandhya?” Jahnavi awaited permission from the Judge.

As the Judge nodded his head as a sign of approval, Jahnavi continued her job to examine Sandhya.

“Look, Mrs. Sandhya. Humans make mistakes. It’s quite common to choose wrong decisions. But, it would be difficult to revert from such decisions, once taken. Would you still want to lead a life with your husband?” Jahnavi asked Sandhya.

“No… Never in life, would I even think of living with him. As per our earlier conversations; I would rather prefer a monetary settlement.” Sandhya’s tone was furious.

“Okay… Komal, what’s your point? Do you expect her back in your life?” Jahnavi asked Komal and handed over few documents to the judge.

“I don’t know what to say. I am reaping the seeds which I sowed. If Sandhya is firm with her decision, there is no point in asking her to stay back with me.” Komal was unable to speak further.

“Thanks to Sandhya for stressing on the word, “financial settlement”  number of times during my conversations with her. That made me to focus in the other angle. Sandhya is not the victim of the case as we all thought. It’s Komal, who is the victim.” Jahnavi paused for a while.

There was absolute silence in the court hall. None of them expected this to be told by Jahnavi.

Sandhya’s face was pale, suddenly faded out as she was not able make out how Jahnavi did guess her series of dramatic play to dis-repute Komal in front of the society.

Komal’s expressions were obviously of mixed emotions. Neither Jahnavi allowed him to speak much nor he did try to explain her that he did nothing harm to Sandhya. In fact, Komal had no guess, how Jahnavi has unraveled the truth.

“I got a doubt when Sandhya asked me to file a petition against Komal for a share in all his properties. Why she had to prefer money? Why she had to opt for settlements leaving sentiments and relationships behind? These questions routed me to consult with a detective. As per the rules of Jurisdiction, I am not supposed to reveal the name of the detective at this point of time. However, the results of the investigation made us awestruck at unbelievable facts.” Jahnavi said and requested the Judge to look into the documents she had submitted just before.

“Komal was forced to marry Sandhya by Sangeeta and her husband. They were told by the marriage mediator that Sandhya hailed from a financially well-settled family. It was obvious to guess what made them to force Komal not to marry Jahnavi. Yes, it was for money, properties, a good reputation and better status in the society. They ran after all the never-lasting mechanics of life. Komal was left with no choice but had to obey them.” Jahnavi added.

“The other side of the coin put them in great depression when they realized that Sandhya was a fake personality of their expectations. It was all well planned by Sandhya to loot money from Komal and his family. A year passed to get clarity on what Sandhya and Harish had sketched to do with them. ” Jahnavi paused as she was interrupted by one of the bar members present there.

“Then why did Sandhya wait for such long time when she had seriously decided only to loot money in the name of marriage?” the lawyer objected Jahnavi’s point.

“Yes. Good question to pose. There’s the knot. Sangeeta’s father-in-law had written a legal will form mentioning to whom his millions of properties and lands should go. One-fourth to his grand-son, half to his grand-daughter; (the girl who marries his grand-son) and the rest one-fourth portion to Sangeeta and her husband. The grand-father added a note in his legal will saying that the one-fourth share of his properties could be handed over to his son and daughter-in-law (Sangeeta and her husband) only when the above two conditions are satisfied else the whole would go to the charitable trust.” Jahnavi said clarifying the objections raised by the other lawyer.

“That’s an irrelevant reason to produce here, Miss Jahnavi.” The judge pointed out.

“I am sorry, your honor! That’s not at all irrelevant reason to solve the case brought here. Let me explain you how…. Sangeeta’s couple was not blessed with a child for many years. As they didn’t want their properties to be merged with charitable trust, they adopted Komal legally. Thus the first condition was satisfied. Coming to the second condition; it was never going to happen if Komal married a girl of his choice. So, they enquired for a well-settled girl who can be least bothered about properties. That’s how they got Sandhya as their daughter-in-law in order to full fill second condition.”

“Sangeeta’s couple never expected that Sandhya cannot be from a rich family as they thought. They were into great shock when they came to know that Sandhya married Komal knowing about the legal will that the grand-father had put in. Harish was there always with Sandhya and helped her out in troubling the family. I suspected the word “financial” uttered by Sandhya N number of times and acted on that area to know if there could be something beyond the scene. And my guess was correct… As law can’t be dependent on guesses and imaginations, I struggled to get evidences. Here is the voice traced when Harish and Sandhya were talking about their next step if at all they win the case. This phone conversation, the legal will documents produced could be clear evidences. And finally, with your permission, I would like to present Harish and Sangeeta. Let’s hear from them too.”  Jahnavi said adjusting her coat.

Harish agreed that he got to know about the legal will conditions through a distant relative of their family and planned this. He further added that as there was a condition that all the property settlements could be done only after 1 year of Komal’s marriage. So, they had to wait till this time to file a divorce case.

Though Sangeeta hesitated to speak initially, she could say only “Thanks” to Jahnavi after few minutes of silence ruled the court chamber. Both Sandhya and Harish were given punishment as per the law and jurisdiction.

“Jahnavi, I want to talk to you. Shall I?” Komal asked Jahnavi as all of them (Bhargavi, Deepak, Bhargavi’s parents) were walking out of the court.

“Do you think there is something left to talk about?” Bhargavi almost shouted.

“Let him! Let him speak for the last time with me, Bhargavi” Jahnavi said allowing Komal to Speak.

“Sorry Jahnavi. Sorry for everything I did. I know the word sorry can’t heal the pain that I gave you.” Komal downed his head saying this. His eyes were moist.

“No… No…. You need not to be sorry. In fact, I am thankful to you.” Jahnavi said with joy.

For a moment nobody understood for what Joy Jahnavi was thankful to Komal. Deepak and Bhargavi exchanged looks out of confusion.

 Komal lifted his head up as if he heard that he would be taken to the heaven soon.

“Yes. You heard exactly correct. I owe tons of thanks to you. Ask me why??? You showed me what life is. You are the reason for my success as a professional lawyer. I might have ended up my career, mere as a house wife; if we both married as we thought. It’s all because of you, I could take my life as a challenge and proved myself. Shouldn’t I thank you?” a smile with little proudness has flashed on Jahnavi’s face.

That flash has hit Komal’s face. He remained like a statue. It was clearly visible in Komal’s face that he was feeling sorry for what he did to Jahnavi.

“Please, accept me back to your life, Jahnavi. I swear, I can be as best as you expect. Trust me, the blunder which I made can’t be corrected now. But, I beg you to give me one last chance.” Komal’s tone was very low.

Jahnavi laughed uncontrollably. She kept on laughing for me than 10 min, but didn’t speak.

“It would have been much better if you have tried for a death sentence to me rather than this laughter. Every time you laugh, I feel it as a big slap. Can’t you shower little forgiveness on me? “Komal was still trying from his pace.

“Komal, Did I ask you to love me? Was it me alone, who planned for our wedding? No… right?  You had chosen your own path. You failed to balance your relationships and as a result you lost me in your life. And it was your own option to go with. Even now, I don’t feel that you need me back in your life. What if Sandhya was a good girl and cared for you? You would have been leading your life happily right? So… let’s say Good Bye once again.” Jahnavi’s voice was so bold.

Komal tried for the last time to convince Jahnavi, but the only answer he received was laughter from her. Jahnavi moved away from there… of course, from Komal’s life once again.

                                                                          

“Did I fail to understand him? What went wrong? Can I lead my life without him?……….No, I can’t… I can’t live without Komal. It’s painful to live further. I would end up my life. Yes, I have to end up.”

”Wait a second! But why I have to end up my life? Did I make any mistake? No, I am sure that I didn’t. I trusted him. That was the only blunder I did.”

“Is it my fault if Komal couldn’t balance his own relationships in life? Let his priorities be with him. Why should I take my life away? No, I shouldn’t do that.”

“Everything in life happens for a good cause and I feel that Komal’s entry into my life will shape my personality and make me strong.”

                                               

The story would have taken other form if Jahnavi was unable to make a move after Komal left her all alone. It was Jahnavi’s own decision to move on and start a new life thereafter.

Though it’s not as easy as said for one to move on in life after getting hurt so badly and got deceived by the most trusted person; but yes, one has to move on, for oneself.

Never ever let other’s to snatch your smile. It’s your life. It’s purely yours.

__END__

Thank you for reading the story… Awaiting your valuable comments and complements…

 

