Sanmenxia is a famous dangerous beach in the lower reaches of the Yellow River. The water is torrential, the turbid waves are rolling, and the water is muddy, which is no different from the Yellow mud.

I was idle and bored, walking alone along the embankment along the river for a meeting, the Yellow River turned a few curves, the water gradually slowed down, in front of a bay stream, inclined to grow a hugging thick old weeping willow, the old tree hanging a three-foot long apricot yellow flag, open to the wind, the book: “Yellow River carp, sorghum old wine.”

Under the old willow tree, an old river worker was sitting there, making up a net of rags.

The sun was burning hot, but under the old weeping willows there was a cool breeze, and a rough wooden table, a wine pot, and a plate of cooked rice.

This is very old-fashioned, should also be scenery, I sat down at this small table, ordered a plate of cucumber, a big carp, drinking a bowl of old sorghum wine, also heard the old river worker told a story about the Yellow River monster.

The old people are seven or eighty years old. They are old the Yellow River people. The old the Yellow River people have a feature that their hair is yellow and can not be washed away. The old man had experienced the events of the Yellow River. He sat down to weave a net and told me about the tragedy of the Yellow River.

In the 38 year, Japanese devils occupied Kaifeng in Henan and headed for Zhengzhou. In order to stop Japan, Chiang Kai-shek blew up the Yellow River embankment at the Garden Estuary of Zhengzhou, flooded 44 counties in Henan, Anhui and Jiangsu provinces, and drowned 800,000 and 900,000 people.

The old man witnessed the great calamity. He said many strange things happened before the dyke burst. The toad lay on the old willow, the bat came out in the daytime, the snakes were on the road, and the carriage did not run away. Later, the bomb burst several times, without exploding.

Every time it exploded, the Yellow River automatically turned up the silt on the bottom of the river, blocking the gap, and failed several times. And the water flowing out of the levee is not yellow but thick.

There are many people on the Yellow River side petition, said that the Yellow River dyke, anger, people must not kowtow to the Yellow River embankment, the result is that the embankment suddenly broke itself. The heavy water rushed over and swept away everyone.

He was rushed out a few miles by the Yellow River at one go, and then easily carried an old tree, climbed up hard, only to escape.

Later, he stayed in the old tree for several days and nights, stripped the bark, ate the insects, fastened himself to the tree with the bark, and did not fall into the water to feed Wang Ba.

Third days after the Yellow River burst, the water monster appeared.

He said he was so hungry that he could hear the river murmuring, half of the Yellow River boiling, blistering as hard as he could, and then he could see the heads as big as a few tanks under the water. The skull is so big and dark that it can’t see clearly. Its eyes are red, like red lanterns hanging red.

It was all under the water, not knowing how big it was, but it must be very large. It was walking along the water, bumping into trees, many trees were blocked, and many old houses were flooded and collapsed. It went down like this, and finally did not know where to go.

I am more interested in this water monster, invite him to come and drink, let him tell me in detail. He ate a swordfish, took a sip of wine, squinted his eyes and remembered that it looked a bit like a turtle, but how could the fish be that big?

He rowed, and the water drowned the house down to the roof. It could crash under the water. How big was that guy? He said to me, the old Yellow River, called this thing the Iron Dragon King, is the river god, the real body of the Yellow River King.

Next, he told me a lot of stories about the Yellow River Dragon King, which are very interesting. Unfortunately, I drank too much wine at that time, dizzy, most of them forgot, only remember this story about the Yellow River monster.

Although I don’t know whether what the old river worker said is true or not, the Yellow River carp with sorghum wine really tastes good.

–END–

