Funny Story – My Forecasts

Photo credit: 

 from 

Don’t laugh. It is true. I have been made to believe these astrological forecasts, because, these forecasts made me rich in my business. My friends usually laugh at my belief and I am sure, you may also laugh at this blind belief. I am helpless, I have only one help from astrology.

The astrology and forecast usually give a very strong force in my life. If anybody says that the belief of astrological readings is a blind belief and there is no truth in this belief, I don’t oppose, but my belief never diminishes or it cannot wipe away my confidence. The belief is like that, as if it is a strong building built on unshakable foundat5ion.

I know how people take care of selecting life partners before marriage by closely studying the horoscopes. Only strong horoscope matches last long. As I basically believes that stars make people flourish or fail in the lives, I use to take people in my company also based on the horoscopes of the people getting joined in my company.

I am a strong believer of the astrology and horoscopes and I select people based on the astrological forecasts of the people. This thing is known to every man around me.

I am appointing a general manager of my company. I got above five hundred applications and I have selected fifty among those applications based on my basic astrological knowledge. After that I got the list filtered by my astrological friends to five. Then I gave this list to my astrological master and he selected one candidate.

He is a fresh candidate from a foreign university with half dozen degrees in business management in different universities. So I did not hesitate to appoint him by giving double the usual salary and he has joined my company as the general manager.

After six months, my best staff are resigning and I am at the dismay that why all this is happening. My shock increased as fifty percent of my staff are gone. All those candidates are the best candidates based on the horoscopes.

One day I had a personal meeting with my general manager and asked him that why this is happening.

My general manager smiled and he forwarded a cover to me. I saw this and this is his letter of resignation.

“What is this, my friend? I have given you the best pack of salary which you cannot get in any other company. This is just because I believed that I have selected a best candidate as the general manager for my company and I believed that you will not leave my company. Of course I also believed that as your horoscope is the best for my company and it will flourish for years to come.” I said.

“I know that sir.” My GM answered.

“Then why you are resigning?”

“I know that you believe the horoscopes extremely. I also know that my horoscope is the best, so you gave me this job. My five MBA degrees in foreign universities are not the attractions that helped me to secure this job. I pity that you are a fool.”

I am angry at my GM’s voice.

“A fool… What do you mean by this?”

“I am also one who believes the horoscopes and I have secretly got your horoscope and studied it. Your horoscope is bad and you are going to lose your business in another six months. This thing, you did not read, but I read it well.”

I am wondering at my GM’s words.

“If that is the case, why you have joined my company?  Nobody will join any company that is going to drown soon.”

“Yes, you are right sir. Nobody will do that, but I did. I have a special personal project behind my joining.”

I wondered at his answer.

“Personal project… What is it?”

“Do you know why your good employees have resigned?”

“No… how it has happened?”

“They have joined my company. I have started one some time back. I too believe like you. How can I get the good staff of good horoscopes? Then I selected this way to join your company as the GM. I am not in need of any job, as I am richer than you. I am need of good staff, so I have joined your good company and got the good staff of your company turned to my company.”

I am shocked and looking at him with my wonder eyes.

“As I have worked for some time and had good salary, I want to help you.”

Help?” I looked at him with great wonder.

“Yes..A help… your company is now the weakest with bad staff. Just close it to save some forthcoming loss.”

He said and went away without waiting for my reply.

__END__

