Funny Short Story – Person you are calling, is busy!!

Funny Short Story – Person you are calling, is busy!!

‘Delayed’ was the word which was flashing in the fourth column, third row of the table which displays the Train arrival status. Unfortunately I was here for the same train which was listed in that third row. Sitting at the Railway Platform, there was some time which I had to pass. I was already done with the newspapers and magazines which they provide free of cost. I was also done with a cup of coffee which they provide with too much of cost. Sometimes passing time can be like peeling a potato without having a knife, if you are allergic to potato, you can replace it with any other fruit or vegetable except banana (real smart huh?). This is going to be tough I thought.

Next moment I ended up looking at each and every person present at the lobby. All were struggling for the same reason as I was, passing time. I could not found any other way than top three, reading news paper (I am done), sleeping (out of question, I will surely miss the train) and talking on phone (yeah yeah). I reached to my pocket and picked out my cell phone. Although I was going through the contact list but my mind was thinking about the different categories, to whom I can make calls.

Home, always available option for me, but looking at the time, waking up them in the middle of the night, will be selfishness from my side. They had already done the waking part when I was a kid, so I want them to trouble no more.

Friends, last time when I called them in midnight, the next night itself they called me and said tit for tat, you ruined our sleep and we ruined yours, hisaab barabar (now we are even), idiots I can’t take chances of ruining my sleep after reaching back.

Girlfriend, good idea, but then I realize that I was in no mood to listen, ‘I knew you will miss me and you can’t wait much without talking to me’ you see I don’t want to create a misunderstanding, I just want to pass my time.

Ex-girlfriend, now a friend, this is too risky. She might take it as a patch-up incidence, oh my lord, even this thought is making me feel like somebody pouring cold water on me, in the month of January, that too in Lucknow, I shivered.

My eyes kept searching for a number in my phone book, to which I can make a call, and then I got stuck with one number, lying in there, untouched.  It was very familiar, perhaps the only number which I remember. I thought of calling that number but then I thought that I will just make a fool of myself. What if it rings? This thought gave me a ‘go’ signal. I pressed the green button just to hear a busy tone.

Busy is it? How can it be busy? If you think of it in technical way, obviously, how can you call yourself and get a ring? But if you think as human, you realize that you are so busy that you don’t even have time to talk to yourself. I realized it. I have been searching the whole world to talk, but then I am not even talking to myself, not sharing my thoughts to my own senses. As someone said, it’s a race and all rats are running, not to win, just to follow, you are not a rat, you are human, follow your own self. Give time to yourself. Think what are the things which make you smile, what are things which make you sad, what are the things which actually makes you, you.

The fourth column, third row of the table was now flashing ‘Arrived’, but the person looking at it was not the same, he changed forever.

__END__

