Funny Social Short Story – THE ROP DUTY

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

Its 0400 hours and a rainy night in Baida as are very common in this part of India during this season. The clouds are roaring as if are angry on the ground and therefore trying to injure the earth with their raindrop arrows. However, for the paddy fields around in the village, it is a blessing and soon there would be good yield making the villagers happy and drink a lot of locally made alcohol. The wind is blowing at a high-speed making a sound as in Indian horror movies and it has got cold.

Inside the jute made barracks, with tin sheds as the roof, supported with large wooden bellies, only things can be seen are combats, high ankle jungle boots, belts, caps, large steel trunks, and on one of the walls a big golden framed picture of saint Guru Nanak. Combat uniforms ready to be put on are waving in front of every cot due to wind. Inside the barracks, also, environment has started getting cold. All men are feeling the need of a loi.

He is sleeping on the cot of his, the second, in the barrack of the number one platoon. As malaria is very common here, everybody’s cot is protected with the mosquito net and his too but not his body, as if the bloodsuckers are his friends. Harpal Singh is lying prone outside the net, one hand hanging from the cot head and other under his forehead, the right hip and knee flexed to the maximum as will kick the one on the next cot.

He is wearing a red Bermuda type something and a combat t-shirt issued by the unit store rolled up and therefore, leaving half of the back and butt naked. The Major is not feeling the cold, suddenly smashes his forearm with the palm of the other hand murdering the blood-sucking fly, and then, simultaneously abusing mosquito’s sister, scratches his butt. Just after the killing, as he gets in supine lying, he hears the voice of the Coy Havildar Major crying the names of the 

The Coy Havildar shouts Balwantaya, Gurmeetai, Kuljeetai…. and it continues. Harpal Singh fears his name to be on that list as he had been the Sentry Havildar from 2300 hours to 0200 hours and is in no mood to go for the patrol. Without his name being called, the shouting ends. Rolling sideways acquiring the earlier position, Harpal, smiles making an ummm sound and this time targets the Coy Havildar’s sister. Disturbing Balwant Singh’s sleep, who is on the next cot, Harpal kicks him on his bum and teases him, “jaa oye tera naam hega ROP vich”.

Balwant Singh making a huuummh sound retaliates back pushing Harpal’s foot and to this Harpal replies “who asked you to join the Bhartiya Sena son, and a blank paper is in my pocket whenever you need” and then laughs going back to sleep.

Nevertheless, he is not able to sleep now due to the extreme ecstasy of not going to ROP. On the other hand, he does not want to lose the opportunity of watching the others getting ready for the duty while he is relaxing and teasing them.

“Jag jao, jag jao or you will be punished hard by the Coy Commander today” shouts Harpal inside the barrack making everybody lose sleep.

The platoon Havildar, Gurmeet Singh, awakening from his sleep asks, “Harpale, Why would the Coy Commander punish us today”.

“It is because; the name of the ROP Commander is not Havildar Harpal Singh today, hahahaha hahahaha”.

“‘Fall in’ in 30 minutes” shouts Gurmeet Singh.

”Hahaha, kick their butts or they will get your court martial done today Gurmeetai”.

“Get me a cup of tea too beta and in a cup” shouts Harpal looking at Sepoy Balwant Singh who is at the door of the barrack holding a steel glass in his hand for his tea.

“From where do I get a bone china cup for you, ‘Sarkar’?”

“From the Coy Havildar’s mother, haha haha” laughs Harpal Singh.

In a hurry is everybody now, some wearing uniforms, some having tea, some going for bath holding mugs and toothbrushes .Harpal, enjoying the scene murmurs “*#^#@* why hasn’t he not brought me tea” and orders another jawan “Oye kuljeetai, watch if that bloody mess boy’s mother has died or what?”

“What?”Asks Kuljeet Singh.

“Just watch whether the mess boy has prepared some tea or not and if he has, get me a cup, that Balwantaya is just useless”.

Balwant Singh entering the barrack dripping with water and towel wrapped along his waist, “hold it, hold it, I am already late, Harpale Major”.

“What the hell is this, I asked you to get me tea in a cup not in this steel crap, at the minimum you should have got it in a Borosil”, shouted Harpal.

“This is what I have got; take it or me leave and anyhow, where do I get a Borosil from Major”.

“The mess boy has it for the Coy Commander, next time I don’t take it you better get this in your head son”.

“That’s for the star shouldered, not striped arms,” murmurs Balwant with a smile on his face.

“What did you say, you ra*cal” shouts Harpal throwing the glass back at him.

“What happened, Harpal why are you abusing him?” asks, Gurmeet Singh entering the barrack with an AK on his shoulder and a bulletproof jacket in his hand.

“Nothing Major, it’s just that Balwantaya murmuring some ill words at me”,

“at you, Harpale does anyone on earth has that power”.

“Here is your tea, Harpale Major”,

“Kuljeetai; you are the only one, useful in the world son”.

Coy Havildar outside the barrack shouts, “Oye Harpale, Baljinder has been in the toilet all night and is ill with his stomach”,

“I am not a doctor”.

“Hmm, hmm, I know, but you are a Havildar, aren’t you”, replied the Coy Havildar, writing something in his note pad.

“What are you noting down Coy Havildar? My words so you can sneak it to the Coy Commander, hmm?”.

“I am writing your name Harpale in the duty pad”,

“which duty?”,

“ROP” replied the Coy Havildar.

“But you didn’t call my name in the morning list”,

“now I do”.

“This isn’t fair Coy Havildar and I very well know Baljinder isn’t any ill and why his stomach has asked your mouth to call my name”.

“Why, Why, Why? Speak up”.

“Bhaad me jaa” replies Harpal.

Throwing the glass Harpal Singh picks up his uniform “*#^#@* this is the worst job in the world”…

“If I wouldn’t have had old parents and two kids in Gurdaspur I must have used the blank paper myself today”.

“What blank paper” asks the Coy Havildar?

“The one I got from your mother” replies Harpal Singh wearing his Combat.

__END__

