Funny Short Story – Incomplete on the way…!

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sundays are the days I love to be at home. It was 9:55 in the morning when I woke up and the first thing I saw was the shining mobile screen. I checked it and found that it was a call from my boss. I picked it and he was screaming at me to bring his files back. I was feeling a little bit dizzy and did not get him in the first. But then I remembered taking his files and promising to give them back to him that day itself but forgot to remove them from my office bag.

“At 10:25 the meeting is going to start, mind well if you failed to bring them to the office before the time or else I would not hesitate to fire you.”

Fear crawled up to my mind. His voice alarmed me. I wore my clothes lying on the chair and put on some cologne. By then only 15 minutes were remaining. I hurried onto the nearby bus stand and got into a bus which was already packed up with lot of people. Somehow I found a comfortable place. But the driver who was an old man announced that the keys of the bus were lost. He went into the other bus and tried if the keys were of that bus. I was planning to leave the bus when the conductor came with 3 keys.

Fortunately one of it was the right one. I was ready for the journey. I checked my watch, it was 10:15.

 But the unexpected happened. We were now ordered to get down and push it. I checked for other options. But none were available. So I ended up pushing the bus with others. Just after a few seconds the engine roared and I jumped inside the bus and said “Fast, I am late.” But the speed of the bus was Unbearably slow. Only 7 minutes were remaining by then.

And what else the middle of the road. The old driver cried “Damned bus” I didn’t waited any longer and started to run from the footpath. I had a small hope that I would still reach there in time. I wanted to run faster but it seemed that my legs didn’t wanted too.

At last I was at my destination before a minute or two. I checked whether the first buttons of my shirt were closed and was I looking good. I went in the cabin standing erect. “Sir I brought those files in time.” I said with a feeling of victory. “Then give them back to me” he said hurriedly.

And I turned only to find that I had left my bag IN THE BUS !!!

__END__

