When the divines lived,

 freed from sorrow,

 who created our past,

 their tomorrow.

 once believed in Gods, worshipped them and made divine temples around mere rocks, started to follow a saint who lived high up on the mountain and was believed to cure everything just by his words of wisdom. The people of this blessed city of Sindh who once decorated these mere rocks with their emotions and gratitude in a whole hearted manner were now found to be lighting up the oil lamps in the cave of this poor saint. Though the saint was aged, there was an unnatural glow on his face. This change of behavior of the villagers was probably because of the exchange offers with the god (or the rock shaped in god’s form) which all went in vain. So, whenever they faced a danger they used to shut the temples and walk upon the mountains to see the saint sitting upon spikes curbing the law of physics which existed in between.

The Saint believed in meditation more than the rituals. The people were seen distressed carrying pain inside the saint’s cave and return with their lips curled into a smile.

Indra, the weather god seeing the praise of saints by the folks, outraged in anger and the thunder shook the saint’s cave leaving it burnt to ashes. But the saint who was deeply buried in meditation didn’t seemed to notice the puny trick played by the weather god to terrify him.

The lightning also spread terror in the nearby village and the villagers rushed towards the cave with belief that the saint will once again cure them from their sufferings to add it to the many favors he had showered upon them. They thought probably this would be the act of god for Indra would be depressed to see no one in front of his temple, hear no sound of bells and prayers. The villagers were having a doubt about the powers of the saint if it existed beyond the act of god. When they reached the cave they were struck in terror by seeing the divine cave which was devastated and broken into smaller rocks.

Though with difficulty, the people managed to enter the cave where they found silence whispering around the saint’s body while the saint was sitting as the wise dead. The saint sat affectless and was seen speaking mantras as if purifying the air around. He had a beard which was the sign of his knowledge and his wisdom.

Before the men could utter a word, the saint rendered-

 

 

The chieftain of the village replied-

 “Oo lord forgive me for criticizing you but I don’t think we should wait something worse to happen and then worry with our bodies buried “.

The saint waved his hands and the villagers understood it as a sign of being permitted to leave the cave.

 

The villagers returned back to the village with their minds wrapped in the saint’s saying of the real truth. But they knew that the words of wisdom could never be wrong. So they did what the saint said to wait and see.

Lord Indra’s plan to fear the people, and with the fear grab them back to his praise emerged as a failure. And the saint succession distressed him more than he was after seeing his temples shut due to the same saint.

Lord Indra being very much annoyed decided to leave the heaven and teach the poor saint a lesson which his soul will not forget even while working on the fields of the hell.

He set his foot on 

and within fractions of seconds he was outside the saint’s cave. His body of glowing flare was so bright that it could have burnt anyone with the normal human sight but not the saint who stood unnoticing the arrival of the warlord- Indra. This added to the insult of the great lord. He held his thunderbolt high up on his hand and the lightning fell on the saint which would have evaporated the soul out of any human body. But the light bolted straight through the saint leaving him unaffected.

After several such efforts, lord Indra couldn’t accomplish anything and began doubting his power. The villagers who have heard the sounds which was harsh even from a distance, dashed towards the sound and stood outside the cave. But the glow of the cave blinded them and they were not able to enter due to the rock which fell in the front of the entrance blocking their way.

When Lord Indra stood thinking how to come out of this situation, the saint’s voice echoed throughout the mountains although his lips couldn’t be seen moving.

Lord Indra now got more annoyed for the poor saint who was teaching the lessons of the life to the warlord himself. The heat of the moment pushed Indra to use the magical dart weapon- the weapon which could kill anyone, anyone in this world.

Indra conjured up the dart weapon and aimed on the rishi who sat affectless with his eyes closed. Indra shot the weapon directly at the forehead of the rishi and this too in vain. The dart shot the sage in the middle of the forehead and only the clouds of smoke could be seen at the place where Indra threw the dart.

When the clouds of smoke cleared a rishi figure emerged, glowing amidst the destruction caused by lord Indra. Now Indra stood silently for he was assured that the Rishi proved to be worthy as the speaker of such sweet uttering and be warlord’s rival. And now the villagers could easily look through the gaps created by uneven rocks, as the flare of anger which Lord Indra emitted got dimmer.

The saint spoke out the words of wisdom and this time his lips were seen moving-

 

The saint faded and left the place probably to spread his knowledge everywhere in the world but the saint’s words kept vibrating in everyone’s ear:

 

 

 

The saint’s name was 

  probably the first Rishi of the Earth, but how could Lord Indra be known to the fact that his anger has brought him on Earth to defeat his own father. When he became aware of the fact he himself vanished all 

 and urged the gods to spread the knowledge his father has attained in the mankind so they could benefit from it. That is why there are no temples of lord Indra on Earth.

The villagers who were listening to the saint formed the first disciples of 

 and they soon learnt to meditate and attain the knowledge which would be otherwise be lost and long forgotten. Upon the saint’s departure no one was sad because probably now they are out of the human boundaries due to which they don’t experience any emotional swing and are forever joyful. Where did the Saint go? Has he gone to other parts of the world to spread his knowledge?  If yes, I think that Rishi Kashyapa has failed in spreading this knowledge to the world for even today human being cannot figure out;

 HOW DID THE SAINT WIN?

–END–

