This story is about the strength of a blind man. Handicapped people are always the matter of dependency in our society.Nobody wants to support them morally . But they are not the character of pity and sympathy, they can become an important part of our society but we must consider them as a normal human being. Don’t you think that handicapped can give inspiration to anybody if we give attention to them and understand that they are like normal people?

My story represents the courage and strength of a blind man who proves that physically challenged are not always be handicapped and can give inspiration to the normal people.

Amita and her mother were coming in a bus to meet with their spiritual guru of their family after the death of Amita’s father. After the death of Amita’s father, her mother was pressuring her to leave her college studies and get married. At the time of boarding in the bus when the blind man asked her about the required destination then Amita helped him to board in the bus and gave her seat to sit but she got surprised when he asked her ” How much crowd at the back side of the bus?”

Amita asked her in reply ” How can you realize that we are boarding at the back side in the bus?”The man replied ” I have realized the smell of diesel and hot air from the silencer of the bus”.

After sometime, he said that there will be rain today because sunlight is diming . Amita’s mother asked “How can you say this?”

He replied “I can realize the heat of sunlight and weather”.

Amita had showed her curiosity to know something from him because she was realizing that his sixth sense was well developed and the route of the destination was long. Amita asked him ” I want to know about you because besides your blindness, you are a very intelligent person”.

After that blindman told her ” I am a music teacher of blind people. I was not blind by birth, and lost my vision in a car accident.I got trained by a blind trainer and now I am capable in earning and living a happy life with my children and old mother because my wife was died in an accident. “

Amita’s mother asked “Why don’t you feel sad in the lost of your vision?” The man replied ” God helps everyone because god gives special power to handicapped people. Sometimes normal people lose their strength when they face some problems.Louis Braille, who lost his eyesight due to a childhood accident, had invented Braille script for blind people who make us educated like normal people. I have responsibility of my mother and two children. If I lose my strength, how can I earn and take care of them?”

Amita’s mother realized that she should make her daughter educated , instead of getting her married after inspired by the blind man because Amita was her responsibility after the death of her husband, not the burden.

She refused to go to her spiritual guru of her family to meet and know about the Kundli of her daughter for marriage beacuse after the death of her husband, her in-laws and her son-in-laws wanted to make her daughter married.

She decided to make her daughter educated because she realized that the blindman was only physically handicapped, not mentally handicapped but her family was degrading her and her children (Amita and her son) mentally, which was the beginning of mental harrassment because they want to take their property share by getting her daughter married.

After that, she ordered her daughter to came back at home. When she asked, her mother replied ” I will not make you coward like your maternal grandmother who make me married because she was dependent on her sons after the death of my father and considered me like a burden. I didn’t complete my school education because my father died by sudden heart attack. I used to work like a slave in my in-laws house because my mother has broken the relation with me after my marriage and I never got any respect in my family. You are my next generation who will not suffer any circumstances which I have faced because my husband income was low and my in-laws treated me like a bounded labor at Home. I never denied my husband for any desire. Now, you will live your life independently.

–END–

