Inspirational Short Story – Bright Bright Bright Sunshiny Day

Photo credit: 

 from 

Have we ever realized that the sun is one thing that we take for granted everyday? Its just always there whether we need it or not and we all need a little sunshine in our lives.

One fine sunny morning I decided to go on a road trip. This story will not mention my destination and whether I reached there or not. Its just going to describe the journey and my companion,Surya. Like the sun,Surya is always there-in my times of need as well as “un-need”. He is the most pleasant person I have ever met,and just like the sun radiating rays of warmth,Surya radiates rays of happiness. You can never be sad when he is around. So that day,we packed a backpack with a few necessities and just got on his Classic 350 and rode away. The thing about the 350 is that,unlike the superbikes,it ain’t that fast and you can take in everything along the way. And that is the main point of this journey. To escape from the chaos of daily life.

The time is around nine o’clock in the morning. You can imagine a typical summer morning. The road is free from traffic,being a short cut,and the only people on the road are the local residents and a few stray dogs roaming about or lazing around in the sun without a care in the world.

The sun beating down on you through the trees is a feeling on its own. I was once asked in an exam to describe the colour yellow to a blind man. At that time, I didn’t know how to. But right now with my eyes closed, I can feel the sun on my face. I can feel yellow. Yellow is warmth. Yellow is the sun. Yellow is happiness.

Surya is singing a song. I can’t exactly place it so I ask him which one it is. He doesn’t answer, just starts singing more loudly. Typical Surya behaviour. I listen more closely. He sings in his happy clear voice,”Little darling,the smiles returning to the faces,Little darling it seems like years since its been here,Here comes the sun,Here comes the sun,and I say its alright.”

Of course. The Beatles. And one of his favorite songs. I always wondered how he could be cheerful all the time. So that day I asked him,”Surya,why are you so happy all the freaking time?”

I heard his low throaty laugh. I couldn’t see his face,being seated behind him. He looked to the sky, then over his shoulder at me,and said,”Hon,we all choose to be happy or sad as we see fit. You can look at that one-legged dog trying to take care of her puppies and feel sad for the dog. Or,you can look at the puppies,the care and devotion their mother has for them,and feel happy for them. The choice is always yours. So,the question isn’t ‘Why happy?’ It is and always will be, ‘Why not happy?'”

I knew Surya tends to get all philosophical at times and I usually scoff at it. But today,with the wind in my hair and the sun on my skin, I actually get his point. Its at times like this that we feel the most alive. Its always our choice to be happy or not. As Helen Keller said,”Keep your face to the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.” Seize the moment. You know, it will never always be sunny.

__END__

