Moral Story – Success Comes From Failures

“Today I am booming with prosperity and all success, was not so easy to reach here. It’s said, behind every successful man there is women, and vice versa. For me, will give credit to myself. I know you might think of me as an arrogant person, but it’s a fact. Let me take you in my past, and you only decide whether I was right or wrong”

My name is Pramod, in my family, my mother a house maid, and father a rickshaw puller, we live in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand. I was brilliant in studies, but due to financial issues, couldn’t get admission in big school, which was like daydream for me, so studied in government school where teachers are sometimes available and sometimes not. One day Sharma Aunty (where my mother worked), said-

“Uma, your son is good in studies, why don’t you ask him to join some better school?”

Mother- “Madamji, we can’t afford good English medium school for our son”

Sharma Aunty- “ Money won’t be an issue to let him study in English school, since some like my daughter’s, consider those brilliant student, who has financial problem”

My mother excitedly- “Really Madamji!, is it possible for our like people that my son study in big English school”

Aunty- “Yes Uma, it is possible. Take my reference, tomorrow only go and meet the Principal of school. But remember one thing, if he enquires about your annual income, no need to say your actual salary, tell him around seventy six thousand, and also don’t let them know your real profession, tell you are tailor and your husband works in post office, got it”

Mother- “But, why to tell lie Madamji?”

Aunty- “Because, if you tell them truth, they won’t give your son admission in their reputed school, as in big schools only average and above salaried children’s are studying, not below average”

My mother took me with her to school, with Aunty’s reference very soon Principal called me inside, eagerly went in as if getting admission today itself.

Principal- “So you are Pramod, you study in class six, Hm!………. scored good marks, well done……….what is your father? How much is his annual income? Is your mother working? How much she earns…………you were studying in Hindi medium school, do you speak English?…….and do your parents speak or understand English………”

I said- “Sir! My father is rickshaw puller whose per month income is two thousand, my mother a domestic helper, her per month salary is one thousand, and sorry sir, me and my parents don’t know how to speak English, as my parents are not educated that much, they don’t even know how to write in English”

Principal- “OMG! But Mrs. Sharma said something else”

I said- “Sorry Sir, I won’t lie, what I said is truth”

Principal- “Well in that case I am sorry, can’t give you admission here. See, income is not a big issue, I can talk on this matter with committee members, but you belong to such a low background, It’s a question of our schools reputation………..and your parents are illiterates, can’t read and write in English which is not good for our school’s status……………sorry, you may go”

Alas! My daydream vanished in few minutes. Came outside with upset mood, as if somebody abused me for committing a big crime.

Nobody was there to support me, Parents and Sharma Aunty blamed me only for telling truth, even mother said-

“Who told you to become 

 in front of principal,you might have got admission in such a big school, but all because of your stupid act everything spoiled, you are a looser, now study in that same hopeless school”

Started again my days with same routine, going to same school, but somewhere my mind haunted me-“Sorry I can’t give you admission here, as you don’t know English”. It was a big challenge for me.

Since my parents don’t like me to speak truth, so without informing them, after school started working in a matchstick factory to earn fees for learning English in night school.

Completed my plus two with 98% marks, Hey Guys! Now I know how to speak and write English, thought I overcome my life’s biggest challenge, but was wrong, more obstacles are yet to come. Wanted to become an engineer. Wasted one year in giving competitive exams, scored good ranks ,best colleges not ready to enroll me, as bank won’t grant study loan on basis of my parents income structure. So, just 

Now what to do?

Like average student, completed graduation in science and parallely gave tuitions to earn some amount of money to join management course. After completing three years of graduation, attempted all exams, CAT, XAT and MAT, scored good percentile, here also money made problem, so a brilliant scorer had no options other than joining an average management college in Kolkata. Left family and came to the beautiful city of “Roshogulla”, to attempt my fate of luck.

Enthusiastically, completed two year of M.B.A., Companies came for campus recruitment. My mind again haunted-

 

But, as it’s said-

Luckily, this time a well known company offered me job in Kolkata itself with not so good, but no bad also, annual package of 3.5Lakhs.

Joined my new job career, with hope that in future I will work hard to achieve my best target. Thought my problems have ended here, but some more life exams are waiting for me. Time went on and on, boss was impressed with my work and colleagues, jealous of my performance.

One day, boss asked me to give presentation on a particular field of our company. Worked hard to prepare my presentation and was firmly satisfied. Giving final touch to it before meeting starts, Rishabh (one of my colleague and also brother-in-law of my Boss) says-

“Hey! Pramod are you ready with your presentation? Definitely you might have prepared much better than ours………………Sorry dear actually I came here to tell Boss is calling you urgently, Go Man!, he is waiting”

I left my presentation there only and went to meet Boss.

Boss- “Ah! Sorry Pramod, today’s meeting has postponed for tomorrow afternoon. I know that you worked hard, but don’t worry; either today or tomorrow. Go home and take some rest, so we will meet tomorrow afternoon in board meeting”

Pramod was dissatisfied with cancellation of meeting and went home.

Board meeting starts, but Boss asked Rishabh to give his presentation first. I was shocked after he finished, I said-

“It’s my presentation! How come you gave it? Sir, believe me I worked hard on it, it’s my work……. You have cheated, you fraud! And I know when……… Yesterday, when I went to Boss cabin, you were standing where I left my presentation file, what you were doing there?”

Rishabh arrogantly- “Hey! Don’t call me fraud, it’s my own work. Do you have any prove, just get lost”

Boss gets angry- “What is going on? It’s my office, not a fish market, Pramod whatever you want to say Rishabh, tell after board meeting and let us continue, or else you may leave”

I had no option, sat down helplessly. Rishabh shrewdly looked at me, my hard work gave credit to that Bas**rd. Boss also believed on his brother-in-law, and thought I was lying.

Every day, I can’t see that moron Rishabh in front of me, so left my job. Struggled for some months in this hope that one day I will definitely prove myself to this world.

At last, joined a well known firm in Mumbai. My experience and failures made me strong enough to façe with all obstacles in my way. Here also I gave my best. Company promoted me for my caliber and sent me to work for his sister concern in Australia. I worked very hard all day and night to achieve my success as soon as I can. Nothing is impossible if we have strong mindset and caliber to do what we want to do, so I got promotion one after the another. Only one dissatisfaction was there that I was getting good various opportunities in other country, but no hope and scope in my own nation, India.

