We are living in a world having plethora of options all around us. It stretches right from our daily life to the end of the day. It starts from the day of our birth and continues till the last day of our lives. Let’s begin with a very simple example. To brush our teeth we need a simple thing, A paste. But we spend almost an hour to decide which one to buy. This shows our confusion in fetching the simplest thing in our daily life. These varieties of options are not only pushing us to predicament to select things, but also denigrate our decisive capabilities to a great extent. Let’s zero in another situation. In modern India’s automobile market we find numerous hatchbacks to but which have integral part of new generation. Each car is a class of its own. There also we fall in a spiral trap which one to but for ourselves. We spend nearly two months to decide what car to be bought. There is no surprise that the time spent on researching cars in an outcome of confused state of mind. We are so incapable of taking a fixed decision that we just can’t trust on any product. So this is out confusing world where we are confused in each and every aspect.

Now the question comes to our mind why we are so indecisive. The answer is simple. We don’t trust anything, anyone. We have lost our faith with the faux of product exaggerated by its delusive charm. The second obvious reason is epiphany of various products on single class. There are number of companies who fabricate lots products of a particular category. For example for simple cold cream for winter, there are ten varieties of products from ten different companies. Though it ought to rise the quality, but we folks are hardly aware of it. These are so ostentatious that we can’t fix our eye on a particular product. We are living in a world where all aver their product to be numero-uno. This accentuates the state of confusion to choose one from the herd. There is no strict measure in India which clearly rates the products according to their quality and value for money. If anyone searches google, it is seen that people are fighting cats & dogs there too. There are numerous things said for a particular product. So this also reduces the choosing capability of the common man. Another bone of contention is awareness regarding a particular type. We know have a little knowledge about the product before buying it and we are dragging ourselves to this situation of confusion.

To eradicate this impasse, we should create a sizable amount of knowledge about the product we are buying, so that it will increase our capacitive power to take decision on various items. Again we should continue to follow our own heart. It is inevitable that all the products have their own pros and cons. But the choice is up to us. We should decide what we need to buy. What we feel is there must be a concrete measure which should periodically review the products and publish the ratings in accordance with product quality and VFM factor, so that a common man’s choice is decided spontaneously. It will not only create a healthy environment, but also will suppress the profit orientation of the companies. They will foist to play a fair game without compromising the standards. Then a time will come when we shall be able to say “its not a confusing world”.

