[Let’s love what we do – Moral Short Story]

Let's love what we do - Moral Short Story

Recently during a conversation with my colleague, he said life in IT job is quite frustrating and boring with no charm in it. There is nothing new left except few lines of code, design and documentation and last but not the least the year end appraisal which is plummeting every year. I reciprocated saying “Dude, you are looking at the glass as half empty. Just think about your poor father who did one particular thing in his entire life without any change and complain. His life is dedicated to a mediocre job with no glimpses of excitement in it. But still he acted on it and brought you up till today”. Well, then I thought why we are getting wearisome in a particular job which we choose to do within a very short span of time? The reasons are numerous but seem invalid without any logic behind it.

Like the grass is greener on other side and an illusion of water in scorching desert, we also feel the same way when we look at others. I will give a concrete example of this. Two friends of mine, one having MBA from very reputed B-School landed up in a bank job with a luring rank. Another one is a mechanical engineer with a prestigious automobile giant. The guy in bank just spent two years and started complaining about it and said “life is hell here; I have to work 105 hrs/week with no time to die even”. Other said “Oh God, life is just about nut-bolts and tyres ” Just after 3 years in job. They asserted how exciting my life is in an IT company. So what does it mean? Both the boys did what they wanted to do. They achieved the goal but they are not satisfied with it. They are not happy with their jobs anymore and trying to do something which they are not sure of. Is this inadaptability, inflexibility of their nature? I would rather say it’s their disliking of the job they are doing. If they loved their job they would have enjoyed it to plenty.

I will illustrate with another example what I am trying to convey here. My friends who are in MNCs, are also looking for change just after spending few months in their respective companies. This is happening despite of the fact that some have got awards and appreciation for their work. So it gives us a food for thought that why people are looking for erratic change even after they are apprehended well and given awards and accolades?

To find out the answer to this question lets follow the induction method approach. First reason for consideration would be our nature. If we take example of Mr. Pritish Nandy’s article “ A nation of banias”, where he had outlined how, people are running the change only to make quick buck and to maintain own profitability today. I would like to add another point agreeing to his prophetic vision that we are quite envy of others. We are so inclined to the uprising of others that we are looking for change to be at par with an enigmatic competition. We generally know it by the name of Rat race. But this doesn’t hold true for all in our deduction. Not all people are envy of what other’s achieved. And also there are personal reasons behind the motive of change. So this logic doesn’t satisfy completely why people change often.

The second reason could be, our covet of upholding the high social values with the rapid change. Now-a-days we are so smart that we always want to be multi-tasking and multi-faceted in almost every field. So we are always craving for a change without knowing the finite answer to it. While this is true for most cases but this doesn’t explain why our loyalty level for our jobs is reducing day by day. I prefer the argument of being multi-crafted in many areas but it doesn’t signify the reason for quick change, frustration in the current job. On the contrary it should help us to craft our personalities in a humble way. So we can strike it out in the method we are following.

The only reason now left is our nature, our aspect towards our job. Are we so indecisive that we are unable to pick the best one for us and to be honest with it? If we are not honest with our job then how can we be happy with it? I am not saying a new thing here. What I am arguing is we should cultivate ourselves with the inner happiness hidden deep within and extract it out for our own sake. If we continue to be fickle, enraged with our jobs then we are simply reducing our productivity, capability and efficiency. We are hindering our growth without knowing the consequences of a change. So to prosper and to give the best what we have and what we are capable of, let’s love what we do and dissolve away the stumbling blocks in our way.

__END__

