Moral Short Story – THE LOST LIFE AND THE DEATH OF DESIRES

Photo credit: 

 from 

The sun is rising and spreading its sun rays in the whole universe. Sunlight is entering to her room through a window. Coffee is waiting on her table but Riya is still lost in her own world. Yes it is the starting of her GOOD MORNING, she is lost in her imagination, wearing a very pretty dress and looking so smart and confident and receiving the best BUSINESS WOMEN AWARD of the year.

Yaah,that was her only dream, her passion, her life. She wants to became the best business women of this universe. She wants to start her own business and take it to the height of success. Riya was very innocent but smart girl and she knew how to achieve her biggest dream.

Now finally she picked her coffee cup and make a call to her room mate to know if she is coming today or not. Riya lives in a PG and preparing for CAT exam in Delhi. Her roommate was at home and Riya was alone and feeling very bored as she has nothing to do, because she already completed her sheets and SUNDAY is meant for no study at all.

CAT exam is two months away and she is sure about clearing it. She is very good in studies and very hard working girl. She is sitting besides her window and drinking her coffee, seeing the rising sun, and she is comparing her future with this sun, with a sweet smile on her face. Her phone rings and it flashes MAMMA on screen, her mother was calling. She pick up the phone and talked to her mother.

The day was going to be a very boring so she decided to watch a movie on her laptop.She watched her favourite one JUMANJI ninth time. She loves magical things and Riya is still a kid at heart.

Her roommate Aastha arrived and they hugged. Next day same schedule has begin and both the girls were busy in their classes and studies. Now it was the day before CAT exam and Aastha was very nervous. Riya calm her down and cheer her.

The day arrived,both girls were ready to go to exam centre and their centres were different. They take the auto to their respective centres. Riya is seeing the crowd outside and reminding the basic formulas. Suddenly a truck came and auto driver lost his control. When Riya gains her consciousness she was in ICU in city hospital. Her parents and Aastha were sitting besides her bed with tears in their eyes. Riya lost her right hand in this accident. Soon she was discharged from hospital and now she was with her parents at her home.

Riya lost her confidence,her big dreams, her COURAGE to stand up again.She is thinking about the old good days of her life and it was making her so alone.

Now the girl with independent big dreams lost her world of hopes and has become the helpless, alone girl. Riya can start her life again but she decided to get rid of her poor life. She took the knife from her drawer and cut her vain.

SHE WAS GONE. Yes Riya was no more…

Suddenly Riya realise that she is standing in front of a energy,dressed like a priest, Yes Riya was in front of god , and God took riya to a window and showed something.

“A girl carrying the best business women award,in her only hand,was going with a good looking guy,that guy was busy with playing with the cute baby. Riya asked what it is,God told her that it was her future if she will be alive,that guy was her husband and the baby was her daughter and that was the national award which she got.

After that god disappeared and Riya was shouting,calling the god,”PLEASE GIVE ME MY LIFE AGAIN”.

But there was no one that could hear her,she wants to go back in that life. Riya realize her mistake. She is crying and but the truth is…SHE IS NO MORE

“YES RIYA WAS NO MORE”

–END–

