Moral Short Story – WE ARE SPECIAL

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

As the sun started to set into the water, baby Mike asked his mom, “Why is the sun going into the waters?” His mom replied with a smile on her face, “My dear son, for every sunset there will be a sunrise”.

Those words which his mother told him touched little Mike’s heart, even though he never understood what his mother meant by it.

Years passed. Mike had grown up. He is now a very successful business man. But, along his way to success, he lost his mother to the evil truth called ‘death’. Her last words to Mike were, “My dear son, always remember, for every sunset there will be a sunrise”

Mike never had to look back at his life. He had gained many things which even he thought would be impossible to achieve. But, the dream which he had since he was a kid wasn’t achieved, i.e. ‘being special’. He never felt like being special.

Days passed. On one fine morning, Mike was rushed to a hospital due to some problems. The doctor’s there fully checked him, until they found out the horrible truth about Mike. The doctor’s asked Mike whether he had some relatives with him. He said “no, I don’t have any relatives other than my mother and my mother is no more. She passed away few years ago. Is there any problem doctor? Please tell me”

The doctor’s murmured with each other until one of them asked Mike to listen to them calmly. Mike felt like something was terribly wrong with him. But, he was sure that he could be saved with his money.

The doctor’s gave Mike his worst news about himself, i.e. he is a HIV+ patient. This news broke Mike’s heart into two. It might be because of this, Mike did not have any reactions from his side. He just simply sat there and got up and walked outside.

Mike reached home. Went up to his room and stayed there. He asked God why he was being punished like this. Few days passed by, Mike still hadn’t come out of his room. His business started to lose momentum and he just stared at the sympathy that he got from others. He felt like his dream about being special will be just a dream that he could not achieve.

One night, Mike dreamt about his mother. In his dream his mom came and to him asked him why he had given up on his dream of being special. Mike told her the whole story and his mother replied after hearing his story “My dear son, for every Sunset there will be a sunrise”. Mike got up from his dream. Now he realised what his mother meant by those words, “For every sunset there will be a sunrise”.

Mike got up from his dream still wondering what mom wanted him to do. The next morning Mike goes to the hospital where his treatment was taking place. There he happens to see a kid running round and round in the hospital chasing a fire fly. Mike goes and asks the kid what he was chasing. Mike just stood there watching the kid chasing that fire fly. As he was busy watching the kid, his doctor came up to him and said with a smile “did you know that fire flies only live for a few days and yet it still tries to escape from that kid”. Those words struck him like a lightening bolt.

After a few seconds Mike was able come back into reality with a smile on face. After his check up he went back home thinking something. This time he wasn’t thinking about himself, but about the fire fly that tried to escape from that kid even though it knew it would only live for few days. That never dying attitude of that fly inspired Mike to get back up and make a stand for himself.

Now he knew what his mother meant by those words “for every sunset there is a sunrise” .He asked forgiveness to his mom and to God for giving up on his dream. Now he knew he was special, because he can be special and he is special.

The next morning Mike got up from his bed, did his morning routines as he used to do and went to his office surprising everyone around him. He started to convert the negative energy around him as fertilizers for his growth and power. What once he thought of as a curse has been now a blessing to him. This disease helped him to open his eyes and see the world around him .He never felt sad about being a HIV+ patient. It was like he had forgotten that he was one.

He started many new institutions for the poor and the sick and the homeless. He made the people around him who once felt sorry for him be amazed by his rise from the ashes like a phoenix. Even the mighty ‘lord of death’ was amazed by Mike’s actions. But, it wasn’t soon enough that Mike had to surrender to ‘death’. Mike died happily in the sense that he had achieved his dream about being someone special. Even after his death, people kept talking about Mike like this, “you knew that kid named Mike? He was something special”

Each and every one of us has dreamt of being special. Well guess what? WE ARE SPECIAL……

BY –

NIKHIL WILSON

__END__

