Once upon a time there lived a man named Aryan. He used to live in a big city of GiantLand where he used to work for a reputed cotton mill firm. He had a loving and caring family. Aryan’s parents considered themselves to be the luckiest, to be blessed with a wonderful child who would take care of all their needs and would always respect them. But on other hand Aryan was not happy with himself, since he thought himself to be an ugly, unconfident and unattractive person.

One evening, while returning home from work he was waiting for the bus. There were many people at the bus stand. On arrival of the bus, Aryan somehow made his way into the bus and managed to find a seat.

After sitting he looked around the bus and noticed a man sitting opposite of him. He was very handsome and charming. On looking towards the man Aryan became sad once again regarding his looks and personality. All types of bad thoughts started coming in his mind that he was not worth this beautiful world. He thought to himself that how lucky that man was with such a beautiful face and charismatic looks. Everyone must be good to him and he must always be the center of attraction.

Aryan became jealous of that man and could not bear him in front of him. So he changed his seat to avoid him. On the way all the negative feelings kept coming to his mind, imagining how his life would have been only if he were more handsome and good looking.

Finally on reaching the destination he came out of the bus. As he was walking, a person suddenly pushed Aryan from back. Aryan angrily turned around and what he saw brought tears in Aryan’s eyes.

He saw was the same “fortunate” man he had been envying all his way having difficulty in walking, since his one leg was shorter than the other. The “fortunate” man apologized to Aryan, but Aryan couldn’t say a word and walked away with tears in his eyes and guilt in his heart.

While walking he realized that every person is made equal in this world and no one is perfect. We must be satisfied and happy with what we are. Even the basic qualities that we have might be a dream to someone else. So we should be grateful with what we have.

Aryan also understood the meaning of the quote “The grass looks greener on the other side”. From that day onwards Aryan stopped worrying about his looks and became an optimistic person.

–END–

