Moral Short Story – The DTC Bus Conductor

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was returning from the office. It was 8:00 pm and traffic jams had started to take a toll on my patience. I was all sweating from head to toe. The only good thing about the evening was that I’d found a seat – a once-in-a-blue-moon affair as I usually have to come home standing and crushed by the crowd in the bus.

The bus halted at the Noida, Sector 11 traffic signal and waited for the red to turn green. The red light on the traffic signal post appeared like a bleeding wound not just to the post but to everybody who were longing to see it turn green soon. Sitting next to conductor, a fair wrinkle-faced gentleman in his fifties, I was wondering about the job of a bus conductor who happens to meet people of different types and temperaments every day. While some meet him with a smile, some sound so frustrated as if the conductor is responsible for all their problems.

With my 8-year experience of travelling in DTC buses, I can categorize DTC conductors into two broad categories. The first and one I like are the “jolly” ones. No matter how frustrated the passenger is they always respond with a funny one-liner or at least with a smile. This category of bus conductors is very rare; you can say 5—10 percent.

The second and the hated one are “tempered”. They have got the unique ability to find a reason to shout or complain with or without reason. Even when there is no passenger around, they can abuse the government, PM or even the dog at the sidewalks.

Fortunately, the conductor of the bus, I was travelling in, belonged to the first category. Despite his geriatric age, crowded bus and day’s tiredness; he was still humble, active and sweet.

The light turned green. The bus moved lazily to take a right turn towards its destination. As the bus shifted right, a passenger waved his hand to driver to stop the bus. He was almost standing at the traffic signal. The driver overlooked his hand as DTC drivers are instructed to stop the bus at nothing but the bus stands and most of them are very particular about it.

As expected and was obvious, the driver overlooked the passenger’s request but our “Jolly” aged conductor couldn’t.

“

 (Stop the bus friend! It’s getting late Poor guy may have to stand for long.)” He requested to driver

Driver seemed not to listen.

“

 (stop the bus please)” Conductor insisted, firmer this time.

Finally driver listened to him and halted the bus. The bus had come well around 50 yards ahead of the passenger. He came running and boarded the bus panting.

As the automatic gates shut, something unexpected happened.

In spite of thanking the conductor for allowing him to board the bus at nowhere near the stand, he came with all guns blazing at him.

“What do you think of yourself? Are DTC buses your personal property? These buses are for passengers.” He continued for another 5 minutes which I didn’t hear or ignored I don’t know.

While I was expecting a mouthful from conductor, his response was pleasantly surprising.

“

 (take the ticket bro. Why are you getting angry?)” he said wearing a well-natured smile on his face.

WOW! He was still smiling and so did I.

__END__

