Moral Short Story – Tit for Tat

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once there was a couple named Charu,Akhil. They lived in peace at their house, when one day they got a news that their relatives Krishna and Bela were coming to live near them. They were happy to hear the news. Bela and Krishna shifted to their new home. Bela began to frequently come to Charu’s house. At first Charu was delighted, but soon she found out that Bela and Krishna were becoming annoying to her.

One day she stormed into the room where her husband was sitting and began to fume,”I can’t tolerate any more.Bela and Krishna have crossed their limits.”

Her husband asked her what the matter was.Charu then put it altogether and spoke,”ever since Bela and Krishna moved near us, I’ve lost my peace of mind.They are always asking for one thing or the other. Not a day passes without their borrowing. I am fedup of it. If it’s not vegetables or provisions, it’s tools and furniture. And if at all he returns the borrowed things,it is not on time. As a result my budget has crossed the boundaries. He keeps on borrowing rice,dal,spices and vegetables. But this time he went too far.”

She controlled her anger and then spoke,”my friends were coming to my house. I had thought to cook idli for them. When I went to find the vessel, I found it missing. Then I remembered that Bela had borrowed it yesterday. I had to change my plans.I cooked it in another vessel which was not made for idlis.The idlis became hard.”

She fumed and told her husband to do something to stop Bela and Krishna’s borrowing.Akhil told her his story. Calming her down,he said to her,”you are right my dear.Krishna and Bela are a nuisance. Not only you,Krishna is constantly borrowing from me also. If its not the toolbox,its the newspaper, magazine,food. How can we get rid of his borrowing?”

He was thinking deeply when at last an idea struck him.He said at last,”I will teach him a good lesson.”

Minutes later,he went to Krishna’s house.Krishna was listening to music.

Akhil said,”your cassette has very nice lyrics.Can I take it for a day?”

Krishna turned pale. He didn’t want to part with his lovely cassette. But how could he say “no” to Akhil who had always lent him whatever he asked for. He thought fast.Then he had an idea.

He said glibly,”I’m so sorry.I would be delighted to lend you,but today I’m not going to office.I will remain at home all day and I will need it,otherwise I will get bored at home all day.”

Akhil said,”no problem.If you are going to remain at home,I will take your smart pants that are hanging there. And I will return it after one day.”

So Akhil taught Krishna a lesson. So that was a tit for a tat.

