To Marry – Moral Short Story

To Marry - Moral Short Story

“Dear Marry remember me not by my actions, ill manners and furthermore, or by my accusation, but by the  hours  we spent near Bettle’s lake, by the nights walking along south beach, well if it wasn’t for old Nel we could have visited the secret spot I told you about, so long Marry I have no time left for words right now…”-soldier get up ,writing to your mama? If you don’t get running out there now  I might as well shove that paper up your….boom!! boom!!! …a  quick hiss  over head ,smoke and  men crying out,blood got to my tongue and the  fear took me bad by the collar dragging ever bit of courage by force. I felt a hand push me violently across the parish floors.. sliding  I opened my eyes again to see the arm-less, leg-less, I landed on a lifeless one, through the smoke trin, my mate, handed me a gun,  “there do you see that window quickly, make your way across there”, swallowing  my youth I crept across the  dusty floors, under parts of  the roof, over bricks, I laid beside a fallen statue, peeping through the window I saw them, stacking sand bags upon each other, trucks of men circled the area, others, hide in buildings, those were the snipers, he came dashing along the floor ,stirring up dust, ‘ thought you weren’t that dumb that I should tell you not to stick your head through the window”.

‘Well   for the past hour we had men losing their   heads ,while doing nothing’. Through a little whole  he scanned the buildings, “now look at the building to the right the first window to the right, near the truck,its him,he’s positioned there, take him out” .I took up my rifle aiming at the reflection of his telescope, my hands grew  cold,heart racing away, I took a beep breath ,I felt my finger, touching the cold metal of the trigger,I stiffened my shoulders for the jerk…bang!, I closed my eyes thinking I was one step closer to Marry. “How was that Nel, did I get him?”….looking over my shoulders Nel was bleeding from the back of his head…. a cold metal touched my neck, foot steps grew loud and louder in the back ground, a voice, a beep voice mumbled “Drop the gun”, Iooking around me ,seeing bodies lying everywhere ,my brothers, all dead, the old figure turned me around, forcing me on my knees, looking straight in my eyes he grinned ,saying  “Any last words?” closing my eyes I felt the gun on my forehead, … Marry to  you my love my duties has finally ended ,words to be said ,will no longer be heard, to my brothers, we failed not , I chuckled opening  my eyes to see the question on his face, I opened my hand to show him the unpinned grenade in my hand, his eyes sunk in, I could  smell the  fear  ,  ‘ You’re General Thomas, We were waiting for you”.

__END__

Image Source: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Garderegiment_zu_Fuss_-_Friedhof_Columbiadamm_-_Mutter_Erde_fec.jpg

