Short Story Moral – Now I believe

Photo credit: 

 from 

My grandfather participated in the second world war and the war against China. He was a born soldier and my idol. Once I questioned my grandfather about the existence of God. He told me the story and I am going to share it with all of you.

It was around 1945 somewhere in Asia, there was a farmer and his family lived. At one afternoon all of them were busy in farm because they was going to sell the crop in the market the next day. Farmer and his son worked for the late night. Son had a plan to reached in the city by next afternoon to sell the production. Father was agreed to this decision. Next day when both of the woke up, father asked his son to wait for sometime because he was so tiered. Son was amazed on this because that person never said no to work. Son forced his father to proceed. Father agreed over that after few minutes.

They were on their way to city with the crop in the morning. On their way they met a farmer who was also going towards city. That farmer’s vehicle was freeze into mud. Father asked his son to help that person but son asked his father that we are already late, we will suppose to get back home by night. Father came out into his vehicle and he was started pushing the farmer’s vehicle to get it out from mud. It took few hours to get it solved. Son was angry on his father to get them late. It was already afternoon. Father ignored his son and they were on their way towards city. The city was to far and on the way their vehicle puncher-ed. There is no way to get it repaired because they forget the tools at home. The only way was to wait for the next morning and asked someone for help.

Next morning they got the help from someone and they immediately started proceeding towards city. The city was right beyond hill.  When they crosses the hill the view of the city came into their eyes. Both on them were shocked. Son fell into the feet of his father and he thanked God for get them into trouble last night to save their lives. THAT CITY WAS HIROSHIMA and the date was 6 AUGUST 1945.

__END__

