Moral Short Story – Father and son 

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

Love and affection is one thing.The world of love is wide and expansive . We do not only love our parents , friends, or countries; we may also love many other things . Some other people love nature beauty ( like plants and flowers) others love their pets. They derive a lot of joy from their affection towards other things. Its just as natural to love sentient being with whom we can share our emotions as it is to love insentient things that do not understand our emotions. Which I have came across once when I was sitting on the old wooden bench of the dusherra park near janakpuri . I could see the heat waves modulating off the pavement. The buzz of the cicadas emitting their somber drone of summers sweltering oppression. The fragrance of magnolia filled the heave summer air. It was evening time so , lotz of children were playing in the park .

While at the park near by me a woman sat down next to a man near a playground. “That’s my son over there,” she said, pointing to a little boy of age near about 7 or 8 in a red sweater who was gliding down the slide .

“He’s a fine looking boy” the man said. “That’s my son on the swing in the blue sweater. Those smiling faces of children made me happy and help to overcome the anaxiety and tensions in life. ”

Then, looking at his watch, he called to his son. “What do you say we go, Sameer?”

Sameer pleaded, “Just five more minutes, Dad. Please? Just five more minutes , I want to play lil more.”

The man nodded with yes and sameer continued to swing to his heart’s content and resumed the fun. Minutes passed and the father stood and called again to his son. “Time to go now?”

Again sameer pleaded, “Five more minutes, Dad. Just five more minutes.”

The man smiled and said, “O.K.”

“My, you certainly are a patient father,” the woman responded.

The man smiled and then said, “My older son rajesh meet with an accident near by this place and dead on the spot. I never spent much time with rajesh. Every day I goes to work before my children woke up and came home very late at night after they were asleep. I’ve missed lots of beautiful moments in my life by not giving time to my family in the time of need. It’s my biggest mistake to take advantage of the freedom given by my family. I had a pain in my heart and lonliness as ,I have lost my elder son Rajesh. I’ve vowed not to make the same mistake with Sameer. He thinks he has five more minutes to swing. The truth is, I get Five more minutes to watch him play.”

We should give our loved ones the time and love they deserve. Nothing in life is more important than your family. Give them the time they deserve, because these things cannot be put off till “some other time.” In this world everyone is frantically looking for happiness all around, not knowing where it is. Our happiness lies in the happiness of other people. Give them their happiness, you will get your own happiness.

Life is all about making priorities, what are our priorities? Give someone you love 5 more minutes of your time today.

Four steps to set our priorities and live a life we love…

1) Take a break . Think about your life . What is really important to us?

2) Think about the things you are doing every day .

3) Cut down on the urgent stuff. Or , else , clear out the clutter.

4) Put in your life more of the important stuff.

__END__

