It was just another day for him. The past two years had shown him several such days and it ended only in disappointment. It was the day when final list of yesterday’s interview arrived. Life has always been hard for him and the interviews were his only hope.

The past two years were not kind to him. He had gone through a lot of suffering and harassment. No matter how hard he prepared he just couldn’t get past the interview and secure a job. It was his 25

 interview yesterday. People said he had 25 failures but,he says it was his 25th lesson.

He was late. After getting dressed up , he skipped the breakfast and dashed through the door. He wore the usual black pant with white shirt. The road was empty. It was a positive sign. He was hopeful today. Hope was something  he always had, even during the worse of times. He never gave in to sadness and rejection. It was not his style. As he went past the museum he slowly increased his pace. The office was not far from there. As the road grew shorter he started to  become nervous. He had a many thought going through his head. All of them circulated around the question  “ Will I be lucky this time? “.

There were many questions which he needed answer to “ What if I doesn’t get the job?”

“ How much more can I take?” and finally

“ How much longer can I  pretend ?”

“ I just thinking too much” he said to himself.

He stood still and took a moment. He was standing in front of the hotel he used to work in his spare time. It was good job but the pay was less but was sufficient for a single man.

It wasn’t always like this. A year ago he was living peacefully. He had planned  for higher education. A year after his college his parents passed away in an accident. It was quite a shock and took a toll on him. It took a year for him to recover completely. He was quite  lonely ever since.The following years turned out to be more difficult. Having no income made him insecure. He then dropped his plans for higher studies and started to attend interviews. After failing a numerous interview he joined a hotel and started to work. Making friends was the easiest part, he befriended a lot of employees . They were from different place but had one thing in common-DREAMS. They all wanted to reach somewhere and was ready to work for it. It was the only perk of  job. Nevertheless he continued to attend the interviews.

He started to walk again . The office was now in sight, after taking a course of steps he saw a group of people standing in balcony of third floor. He snapped and sprinted towards the office. At every step his heart skipped a beat. He pushed the door open. It was a small building.  There was a lift at end of the hall, but he went for the stairs, patience was something  he didn’t have, especially on that morning. He raced up the stairs, as he reached the second floor, he stopped took a moment to ready his hair and dress. He slowly walked up trying to hide his anxiety .

The others were amused to see him. He slowly made his way towards the notice board. In the last round out of six ,five were selected and only one was rejected.It was him.He stood there for a minute not knowing what to do. Yet another failure. He quickly turned around and made his way out the office, in an attempt to hide his tears he looked down and retraced his steps. He could to see all his dreams collapse.

Upon reaching home ,he ran to his room and went straight to the bed. A bundle of comic books was there near his bed. It was gifted to him by his parents.He slowly turned his head and picked up one of the books. His teary eye gently scrolled down the pages.This was his routine for the past two years.

These books meant a world to him. They provided an unusual comfort. It was the most luxurious part of his day.

After all it was just an interview he thought. He took a pen made a mark on his calendar. Now there were 25 such marks. Each of them signifying the interviews he lost. He decided start the preparation for his next interview after finishing the book.. It had been his strength all these time. Its enough to win. True failure occurs when one gives up.

–END–

