Moral Short Story – Earn it right way

Photo credit: 

 from 

Money is a thing which is created by us. But I saw so many people asking ‘God’ for money. So many people just cry for money. The real fact is that money is not permanent. Money keeps on changing its owner. On Earth, Money has three stages: Charity, enjoyment & destruction. If someone doesn’t give his money to anyone or do not enjoy it  it will lead to either his destruction or the money’s destruction. Some people can’t understand what money actually is. Money is just the thing which has a value and we can exchange the value with the thing you want to exchange.

This is the story of a man who wanted so much of money and does not earn it the right way.

Once upon a time there was a large kingdom. The man which I described you is a poor vendor. He once went to a street of rich merchants’ homes to sell his things. He saw the merchant’s wife counting money in thousands and she was wearing a beautiful saree and jewellery.

He turned his face and looked at himself. The only thing which is around his mind is “I want money”. It was repeating all around his mind. He suddenly got a thought that the king would have a lot of money with him. He went to a foolish soldier who works near the king. He said to him that he knew that the royal treasury is under the palace.

Then the soldier replied foolishly “No, it is in a secret chamber inside the king’s bedroom.”

The man left the place. At night, he went to the palace. He climbed the tall wall at the back of the palace. He reached a corridor. While he was moving towards a door which is having a window the rope fell down the wall. He didn’t notice that and moved towards the door. He saw that the king has not yet slept. He wanted to somehow to reach the secret door silently & unnoticed.

He opened the door quietly but the door hit a chair and the king got up and saw the man. On seeing the king the man burst into tears and caught the king’s legs begging him to pardon him for what he was about to do. The king pardoned him and told him that no one should ever do a wrong thing for money. Its a bad name for the family and the society in which he lives.

Money is the thing which you get after hard work and it carries the value of your hard work.

So people don’t think that money is everything and you can buy anything with it. Some people like this man do mistakes but if it was the first time you should pardon him and must suggest him the good things to do.

Moral: Money is not permanent and it can’t be earned till you do hard work.

–END–

