Moral Short Story – END FOR TROUBLES

Photo credit: 

 from 

Raj is a business man. He is facing loss after loss in his business. He heard about swami Karma who helps people to free from troubles. He is in Varanasi. Raj went to Varanasi and met Swami.

“I am in troubles. For the last three years, I am facing loss after loss in my business. Please tell me some way to end my problems.” Raj requested Swami.

Then Swami Karma told a story to Raj like this –

“There was a female pigeon on a tree. One day she laid one egg. She sits on the egg from late afternoon to morning, every day. After some fifteen days or so, a young pigeon came out from the egg. He is fed the food. The first food is pigeon milk or crop milk, a cheesy substance that appears in the crops at the hatching time and is fed for a week or so. Now the pigeon has to start flying.

“The Young pigeon is afraid of falling on ground, so to avoid the trouble he sits and eats whatever mother and father bring for him and feed. Mother pigeon was not happy at this. She wanted to show the young pigeon that it can fly. So she took the young one in her beak and started flying high and high. It was a great experience for the young pigeon. So he was waiting for the mother to take him again for a flying.

“That young pigeon started to fly. He flies for some height, but he falls down. He could not fly. The reason is fear of falling down. Whenever he falls down, he hits the ground and he is wounded. Wounds are common in life. Your loss in business is like wounds of the young pigeon. If you are afraid of the wounds, you cannot be a good business man,Your troubles are natural. Everyone has troubles. Every one overcomes troubles by own efforts. I need not to say that you have to try by your self taking these troubles as very natural.”

End of troubles is what he expected there, not a story. He returned home thinking that his effort was waste to go to Varanasi.

No one knows what happens in any minute. On that night, Raj was flying in the sky like a free pigeon and he has no fear of falling down. Swami Karma is looking at him from ground.

This dream brought a change in Raj. He thought like he has a vigor regenerated in his blood. He went like a young man starting his business just now. He peacefully thought what is right and what is wrong in his business.

Raj has some friends in the office. They do not work, they come and sit with him and speak something they like. Raj forgets what he really wants to do, he simply follows what his friends say. He thought that the reason of his failure in his business is his dependency on these people.

He removed those people who always say something to do. Now Raj has full concentration in his business. He has positive thinking. He believed that what he will do will be a success.

After few months, his positive attitude made him successful in his business.

One day again, in dream swami Karma appeared and told him, “Believe in Karma. If you do anything for your satisfaction, it will be a success. You will get the fruits. Like you plant a tree of fruits, it grows and gives you sweet fruits.”

Raj was a changed man now. He never thinks about end for troubles. He ends troubles by his own powerful efforts. Troubles are gone like darkness when we switch on the light of confidence clubbed with good efforts.

_THE END_

