“See Mary, aren’t those flowers beautiful? They are called tulips.” Said Mrs. Smith to her four-year old daughter. Mary loved flowers, so her mother had taken her to a botanical garden.

After roaming there for about two hours, Mrs. Smith decided to return home. They reached the bus stop and were waiting for the bus, when little Mary spotted a new kind of plant growing there. She had never seen such kind of plant before. She asked her mother about it. Mrs. Smith replied,” It is called poison ivy. Never touch it with bare hands, or else it will make you scratch wildly.”

She then took out a plastic from her bag and handed it to Mary and said,” Take this plastic and and carefully pluck out a leaf, I know you want to take it.”

Mary’s face brightened and she said,” Thank you mom, you always know what I want.” She then plucked a small leaf very cautiously. Just then a bus arrived and Mrs. Smith took Mary in her arms and boarded the bus. The bus was vacant so they got seats easily.

The journey was going on peacefully, when suddenly the bus halted with a jerk. Two men, dressed in black clothes boarded the bus. They had guns in their hands. The passengers began to panic. Then one of the man shouted loudly, ordering everyone to be silent. They then began snatching all the belongings of the passengers. Mrs. Smith saw the poison ivy leaf in her daughter’s hand and an idea clicked on her mind. She took it from Mary’s hand. When the men came to her to take away her belongings she quickly rubbed the leaf on their eyes and mouth. Startled by the itchy attack, their guns fell off their hands. The passengers quickly took away the guns and cornered the terrorists, who were frantically scratching their face. Mrs. Smith then asked the driver to quickly drive the bus to a nearby police station.

After the terrorists were arrested, the policemen thanked Mrs. Smith for her act of bravery. She then replied,” I just used my wit, but the real hero was the poison ivy leaf. It saved all of us, it saved the day.”

–END–

