Moral Short Story – Mole in a hole

Photo credit: 

 from 

One supposed day in the past, they were two boys, Brisbane and Sydney. They were of two different personalities which were mysterious even for both of them.

Days passed, many winters dwindled, both had become their own-made fate. Brisbane became a self made-king and Sydney a traitorous king’s jester.

First decree, a stable-keeper came in rush reporting to the king said ,” flame, flame! Flame rushes to king’s stables. Sire, the royal horses are dead”. As immediately king’s jester arrived and king asked his view and the jester said,” save the old horse, let the new horses dead.” The king commented,” wouldnt be the best to save new ones than the old one?” The jester replied,” new is not a strong build as an old one, sire.” The king silenced but he agreed.

Second decree, it was a long year drought and people were suffering tremendously. Food was scarce in the kingdom. The warehouse-master reported to the king,” sire, are we approved to open up the grain warehouses for the people?” the king asked again for the jester,’ what do you say about this?’. The jester said,” Don’t open up for the people, royal grain is for the king only, the palace might not survive longer enough if it opened for the people.” The king silenced and he reluctantly agreed.

Third decree, an neighbouring ambassador visited the king demanding for the answer on alliance-states. The terms were said to be fair for both sides. The king asked for the jester, ” would we agree and face both kingdoms’ fate together or we would refuse the terms and end up having to fend off alone other kingdoms’ invasions?”the jester said,” we won’t follow their terms as it would bring the whole kingdom down together with them.” The king silenced and he simply nodded.

The jester dreamt, first, a kingdom was in flame as neighboring kingdoms came to attack the borders. Second, he saw turmoils along the kingdom restless peasants and dissatisfied commoners rioting and pillaging. Third, the king was riding a horse escaping away from the castle, however, he was captured as his horse couldn’t run too fast as it grew too old. The grand scheme of a jester.

The day after, the jester woke up and found himself in a dungeon. He was puzzled and feared for his life. The king came and told him, ” Your dream has betrayed you, your sleep has made you lose your life.” “I was never a king before as I took the throne for myself”. ” The old house has ended and new house has been built from the ground.”said the king firmly.” And I have no wish to ride on old horse anyway. It doesn’t run too well.”

The jester was shocked and was beheaded immediately and his plot died with him.

__END__

