Moral Short Story – The Little Lilly Park

Photo credit: 

 from 

Every now and then she was checking the time and murmuring ‘I got to cover the story of a film hero, let’s finish it asap’. I poured the tea into the kettle and walked slowly towards her and sat in a chair opposing her and put the tray on the table beside us, she introduced herself as reporter Nirmala from a newspaper and I shook my hand with her in formality and asked her “So, ma’am you want to take my  interview?”

She nodded in response and continued “Yes sir, but will complete it very soon, don’t take much of your precise time”

I poured the tea in two different cups and offered her one and said with a formal smile “I have got all the time in the universe, it seems you are in desperation… so what you want to know about me?”

She took a sip and asked “Sir we want to know how you grew this Little Lilly Park? what is the reason behind growing a park and naming it ‘The Little Lilly Park’?”

I took a deep breath and told “You will be late for the hero’s interview then”

The reporter heard everything and told “It was really an inspiring journey, from a guy willing to die to a successful social worker, from an abandoned place to a park organizing national level flowers exhibition. Very few might be knowing about your past. You had almost attempted a suicide, sir what’s your view on suicide?”

“See ma’am suicide is when we kill our own soul that’s why we call it ‘Aatmahatya’. But when kill ourselves we end up killing our body not the soul, soul will take rebirth, hence we end our life being a murderer, but when we pollute our environment, when we make it a worst place to live in, we are gifting a pollute world to our younger generation, soon birth rate will fall and so many souls will not be able to take rebirth. So I call this a real suicide that is polluting our environment in any way.” I said taking the last sip of my tea and checked the time, 40 minutes have crossed “ Ma’am it is getting really late, you still got to cover the story of a hero” I said standing up with the help of my clutches.

“Sir, I think I have covered it already” said the reporter with proudness in her eyes and took her bag getting ready to leave “nice meeting you sir, I learnt lot of things today”.

I followed her to her vehicle, I stood till her vehicle went away waved my hand and turned back, a little girl in a wheel chair approached me with a beautiful yellow rose in her hand and said “Uncle this is for you, I really liked the exhibition.”

“Thank you beta”  I said taking the flower. I gazed at the wheel chair thinking ‘what might have put this little girl in wheel chair?!’

Like she understood my thought the little girl said “Uncle, mumma says I am special, see uncle, other kids have to cry for bicycle, I don’t have to. Mumma says god didn’t want my cute legs to get tired so he didn’t make me even to stand.” As the girl finished her sentence her mom called her “sweety come, we got to go”.

I almost guessed the women, 10 years gap has’t blurred her image in my head, “Just a minute mummy” replied the kid and continued “Uncle I want to become social worker like you, mumma says she will support me always and will never leave me”, her mom came searching the kid, I looked at her and I was right, she looked exactly same as she looked a decade ago, I saw the awkwardness in her eyes, I replied to the kid ignoring her presence,

“I hope she will, at least this time” further looking straight into her eyes I said “Who told we need feet and fate to stand in the life? All we need is faith.”

__END__

