Moral Short Story – Pure Devotion

In the midst of the forest, sat calmly a saint. This saint was famous in the whole country for his miraculous wonders. Devotees from far across the country visited this saint so that their problems were solved. There was one devotee who never missed to visit the saint for his blessings. He generally used to bring simple things necessary for worshiping god like flowers, fruits etc. Everyone staying in the nearby village said that he was the greatest devotee of the saint.

One day, just to impress the saint, he thought to bring a very costly gift. He had saved his earnings for a long time to buy this gift. He bought two gold bangles to donate to the saint. When he gave the bangles to the saint, the saint started playing with it to show that he was very happy with the gift. The saint was sitting near a river. By fault, one of the bangles bounced from his hands and went straight into the river. The devotee became very sad and with anxiousness, he started to search the bangle everywhere inside the river.

After hours of hard work, he was unable to find the bangle. He asked the saint the exact point where he threw the bangles. The saint did not realize what to do and to show the exact point where he threw the bangles, he took the second bangle and threw it in the same place inside the river. He said the devotee to search at that point where he threw the second bangle.

The devotee became very sad and asked the saint why he did so. The devotee had lost two bangles which were very costly. Seeing the devotee sad, the saint explained the reason why he did so. He said that he had thrown the bangles intentionally to explain that god does not want such gifts.

He said that he is a saint and he is free from all these attractions of the world. So he does not need such gift that will tempt him. He consolidated the devotee and suddenly the devotee saw the gold bangles back at his hand. The saint said the devotee to sell these gold bangles and use it to sustain his livelihood. The saint said that his devotion is not pure since he had more concentration towards the gold and not on his devotion. The saint said that the gold was acting like a hurdle between his devotion and love.

Hence, the story has the moral that god is not attracted by costly gifts but he wants the true devotion of the devotee.

__END__

