Moral Story – Nothing Is Impossible

Photo credit: 

 from 

Man is powerful in many aspects. If he thinks to do, he can do anything. He can do everything also. We often worry that we have this problem, we have that problem. How the problems come? Problems are made. Problems are made by men. For all the problems we are facing in the society, who are to be blamed? Just “we are to be” blamed.

“We are inhuman, unbearable and cruel and savage than wicked wild animals.”

My mother says and I asked her with some fun that who so wicked, mum?

“You are wicked. He is wicked. She is wicked. I am wicked. They are wicked. All are wicked.”

I understood that something is wrong and she is angry on somebody. She will be often angry on the society and on the people who do not care for the children and spend time on self entertainments. To denounce and condemn such situations, my mother becomes more emotional.

My mother is sixty five. She has all the health problems as usually a woman of that age has. Walking freely for some time is a problem. If it is dark, she is afraid of moving here and there as she cannot see well. She has BP, she has sugar. With all these defects, she is fit to think well and fit to solve problems relating to anybody in his family. She is the best judge to crop the society to look better and act well.

“Mum. I am going to office. I well hear what you want to say in the evening.” I said going towards my car.

“The society is worst including you. Go spoil it as far as you can. There are people to take the burden of saving it with emotion and spirit. We don’t let it drown” She said.

It is as usual when she is serious about something. I go on my way without answering her is also usual. My mother should be the leader of some social workers and she must have a society of her own to save the society. But somehow, she is in family without a society to work in full fledged way.

We have some neighbors who do not pay much or needed attention on their children and my mother’s first and foremost job is to take care of those children and giving lesions to their parents.

 *****

My mother is called Mai by everyone and her real name is not known to anyone. I call her mum and all others call her Mai. She goes anywhere she likes, but she returns before noon to have her meal. Like that, she will not be outside after it is dark, as she can not see well in the darkness.

I got a phone call around 2:00 pm from my wife, “Mai is missing”

“Missing? What do you mean by that?”

“She has to come home by noon, but she did not turn up till now. I asked in the neighboring homes and they said that they did not see her today.”

“Wait for some time. If she is not returned I will come by four.”

Every half an hour I was calling my wife and tension increased as I came to know that she did not return home. I rushed to home. I have enquired in all most all important places and everybody said that they did not see Mai today.

She usually takes a cup of coffee in the corner Coffee shop and she is well known the shop owner James.

“Yes, I saw her around some girl of fourteen around 11:30 and she had coffee for two. She is discussing something with the girl and the girl appears to be a very poor girl as she is not wearing a proper decent dress. She is in worn out clothes. ” James said.

I was wondering what is meant by this. I don’t know what my mother has to do a girl with no proper dress or a poor girl. If my mother wants to help the girl she has to come home for such things. It all appeared like a puzzle. I thought she is on some mission and she is not coming home till she solves a problem she is seeing.

My wife asked me to give a police complaint.

“There is no need for that as that will not help much and mum is not child missing her way. She is PG. Mum will come home. If not today, she will be home by tomorrow. Meanwhile we get a call from her.”

 I said consoling her.

 *****

As I have expected, I have received a phone call from an unknown person by name George late in the evening.

“Sir, I am George. Your mother is here in my home. She is a great lady and I appreciate her for saving my daughter. I will come with your mother tomorrow before 8:00 Am and I will explain everything in person.” George said.

That night James came to my house asked me if my mother has returned. I said that she did not return and I also told about the phone call from George.

“Sir, I did not tell you completely what happened in the noon.” James said with hesitation.

“What happened? Tell me everything” I said suspecting something.

“Mai picked that girl from a park. She came to know that the girl is not treated well by her parents and she is not going to school because her father is not paying the school fees properly. The girl by name Mary said that her father daily drinks and beats her mother and she scolds her every day saying to get out from home and live on her own as he is not ready to spend anything on her needs including her mother. Mai heard this and I also heard sitting with them. I said that nobody will take care of anyone who is not cared by parents and why Mai should feel bad for some unknown girl Mary. Mai was angry on this and said that society is bad including me and if anything bad happens to that girl, he will also be one responsible for that. Mai asked me if do the same thing if I were the father of that girl” James looked at me.

“I know, James, my mum is emotional and she will speak like that.” I said.

James continued his version latter.

“Sir, It is my fault. I have challenged your mother that if you can do so, why don’t you take care of this orphan and educate and get her married, get her employed? Then your mother said that she will take care of all that and she said that I am a coward and society is facing problems by people like me. I was thinking now that what she said is correct. I want to feel responsible and if the father of that girl comes tomorrow, call me, I will speak with him and if he accepts, I will take Mary’s education and marriage responsibility.” James said

I wondered that how strong my mum’s words will be so that she brought a change in James thinking and she was successful in waking up the good aspect sleeping in him.

 *****

The other day, around 8:15 George came with my mum and he is appreciating my mother’s task in saving his daughter.

“I am thankful to your family. Your mother is great, If she did not see my daughter in time, I would have lost my girl and she is about to commit suicide when your mother saw her. It is entirely my fault and as a father, I did not deliver my duties well, so this problem came.” George was telling me and sobbing.

“My income is meager and so I could not give my daughter Mary proper clothes and I was unable to pay her school fees. She is very bright student and her class teacher asked my permission for paying her school fees, but with arrogance, I rejected.” George said.

After receiving my phone call, James came. James offered that he will take care of everything including Mary’s education and employment and even her marriage also.

“I have no children. I feel that Jesus sent me a daughter like this.” James said with sincerity.

George accepted for this proposal and he will pay whatever he can now and then.

My mother was looking with wonder at James with great satisfaction.

It is something like a change coming as sweet dawn and I cannot keep quiet.

“Yes, George. Don’t worry. I am also here to look after any need she has. Send her here with full hope, the good days are ahead for Mary.” I said.

__END__

