Moral Short Story – Keep My Fists Wide Open

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once upon a time there lived a great warrior in a certain kingdom. When he became grown -up and powerful enough, he thought of conquering the whole world . Within a short period of time he became a great warrior. He defeated the king of his own country and killed him and his family members publically – so brutally that the news spread like a jungle fire all over the neighbouring kingdoms. He employed a large number of strong men in his army.

First of all he started to invade weaker states and won battles. He killed even the innocent people while fighting. He captured all that he got. He killed brutally who opposed him. He and his army rapped the women and looted their wealth forcibly they possessed. There was bloodshed in every battle that the warrior undertook. What speak of the public , even the kings of the neighbouring kingdoms were afraid of the attack the warrior would make in such a cruel manner . It went on and went on without stoppage.

The warrior fought and fought and became so greedy of power and wealth that he had no time to rest either in day or at night. He went on invading one after another. He accumulated fabulous wealth and supreme power. Even then he was not satisfied. He wanted to win the whole world and wanted to become the monarch of all he surveyed. He adopted even the most inhuman ways and means to fulfil his desire. He was so ambitious that he never distinguished between just and unjust, fair and unfair, legal and illegal and so on.

Once the warrior called all his commandants and asked:

 Come forward, who is not at all afraid of death?

The warrior was thinking that none would come forward but he was more surprised to see that all his commandants came forward one by one.

Are all of you afraid of death?

Yes, your majesty!

Then, why do you fight?

Your majesty! We are duty bound, so we fight.

I am satisfied with your answer. Truly speaking I am also afraid of death.

 Since my boyhood I have been searching one who is not at all afraid of death. If any one of you hears about or finds such a person, tell me immediately. Any day, any time, you are permitted to see me without hesitation.

With the order the commandants got, were more surprised than pleased. They talked and discussed each other: Why does their boss search a person who is not at all afraid of death? What is the purpose behind it? We don’t have so much courage to ask the reason direct from him. If displeased, he may slay any one or all of us in anger. Then we will lose our life.

They dropped the idea of asking from their boss. All the commandants made up their mind to locate such a person as early as possible. The world is not empty,there must be someone, somewhere. They left no stone unturned in searching such a person. By thinking and thinking time and again their digesting power too was deteriorated like anything. They suffered from mental agony as well. Even then they continued their mission.

As labour never goes in vain, they came to know about such a person of a certain kingdom. The spy confirmed it and submitted it with full details. They were astonished when they came to know that it was the king of one adjacent kingdom – very small with less population. No sooner did they come to know about the good news than they rushed to their boss.

It was evening. The Sun has already set. The birds had left for their nests. Only the sparrows were chatting in trees. The soldiers were taking rest in their tents and gossiping as usual. Some of them were engaged in cooking. Their boss was alone in a tent surrounded by the guards with arms and ammunition. None was allowed to enter without prior permission.He knew only two things of administration- reward and punishment.If any one disobeyed his order,he head is separated from his body. On the other hand if obeyed and did a miracle,he was awarded with promotion in rank. His name was listed in the warrior’s good book.

So was the system of management he followed in right letter and spirit.Under that situation and circumstance it was too dangerous to see the great warrior. They thought if it was delayed, they would have to pay price for it, and if they informed the boss, he would rather be pleased than annoyed and in pleasure he could give them the golden peacock he had with him as a sort of reward. One of the commandants recollected the promise made by the great warrior in respect of news about such a person.

He said to his colleagues, ‘ Once the boss has permitted to see him any day , any time for such a news. So we can see him just now without fear.’

Only two of them who were very near and dear to the boss were asked to see the boss and inform him, then the ball would be in his court to decide what to do or not. They were well known to the watching guards. They allowed them. The boss was taking rest. The moment his ears heard the footstep of somebody, he jumped up and be attentive. The commandants bowed their heads and informed him about the person who was not at all afraid of death. Immediately he ordered his commandants with all their troops to march on and invade the kingdom. None could dare to disobey the order.

Within a few hours the great warrior marched whole night and early in the morning when most of the people even the king and his family members were asleep, he ordered his army to smash the whole kingdom, arrest the king and his family members, and bring them before him. The king and his army resisted but in vain. Ultimately the king was arrested and brought before the great warrior. The great warrior saw the king with his eyes wide open – furious like a hungry lion, and in turn the king ,too, peeped into his eyes – quite fearless – face to face like a hunter. It was too difficult for the spectators to know who was fearless – the arrester or the arrestee.

The great warrior asked the king :

 I have heard a lot about you. Are you really not at all afraid of death?

Of course! I am not at all afraid of death.

Nobody in the world wants to die. You are the only person , I see, who is ready to die. I see smile on your lips even.

What’s the reason?

I am optimist. I believe in God. He is Almighty. He has given me life and only He can take it, none else, even you .

As he heard it, he took out his sword and ordered his soldiers to tie up his hands from behind.

Don’t tie up my hands. I wouldn’t flee away , I will stand up as a statue until you … ?

The great warrior hearing this, in sheer anger, came forward with a naked sword in his hand

The king stopped him and said:

 I have heard a lot about you. You have won so many battles and still in the way of winning everyday – even every hour. You are the strongest of the strong , no doubt in it , but I find even the weakest of the weak has some principle in life .

 So I expect you must have some principle. Wouldn’t you ask me for my last desire to fulfill before I breathe my last.

 Tell me. Hurry up. I’ve no time to hear such silly things.

You are a great warrior. Isn’t it?

Yes.

You have used your sword many a time and have beheaded the people in a single stroke. Isn’t it?

Yes.

So today I am not begging for my life rather putting before you two conditions and do hope you will be in a position to adhere to:

 1: If you , in one single stroke , behead me , everything is yours I possess, if not , you must go out of my kingdom bare handed.

 Accepted .Then be ready to die.

 Quite ready.

 The great warrior took out his sword in sheer anger. He aimed at king’s head but started shivering before he could behead him .The sword he aimed at with slipped suddenly from his hand and fell down at a distant place in motion. The great warrior was more ashamed of than shocked. He ordered his commandants to release all that they looted or snatched to the king and his people and vacate the place immediately as he was duty bound to his words.

 

 Writer : Master Durga Prasad, Gobindpur, Dhanbad, Date: 24th July 2013, Day : Wednesday, Time : 7.19 AM.

 ***********

