Short Story of Courage – Forever Strong

Photo credit: 

 from 

Today I am going to share a story with all of you. It is the story of Myra and Rishi. Myra and Rishi are best friends and both study in one of the most premier medical colleges in India.

One night Myra was returning along with Rishi from the restaurant nearby their hostel. Myra won a bet and Rishi had to give a treat to her. So they went for dinner in the nearby restaurant. They had to return before the clock struck ten. It would be a ten minute walk to the hostel so they decided to walk.

In a local alcohol shop some people were drinking and when Myra passed from there they made inappropriate comments on her. She ignored them and asked Rishi to do the same and keep walking. Rishi agreed. Then one of those people came and held Myra’s hands. Myra tried to free her hands and then looked towards Rishi for assistance.

Rishi said, “I won’t always be present around to help you isn’t it?”

Myra was in shock when Rishi refused to help her but after sometime she understood what Rishi tried to say. She gave a tight slap to the person holding her hands. It hit that man so hard that he fell on the ground. That man went away from there and from then he was nowhere to be seen around in the college campus.

Myra remained grateful to Rishi for refusing to help her as she was able to stand up for herself. She said that in her home it was taught to not argue or answer back if someone harassed. She was taught to ignore but after that incident she understood how important it was to stand up against the crime and harassment to women.

Some years later Myra and Rishi opened a self defence class for women and also an NGO named ‘Forever Strong’ through which they help thousands of  Indian women to stand up for their rights and also helped them get their right.

More men like Rishi are needed in our country who would understand that women are strong enough to protect themselves and would make a significant move to make the whole world understand it.

__END__

