Moral Short Story – Face your fear

Photo credit: 

 from 

“What the hell do you think being a hunk will make you strong? I will teach you a lesson “shouted a suraj ,famous delinquent of our college who is known for fighting with whoever he hated for whatever reason.

Everyone gathered around to get entertained and some were even placing bets on who will win. Mostly it would have been suraj who gets a lot of biding but today it was on abhay which is me who is completely contrtadicting to my name and my body.

 What’s happening over here shouted our principal everyone started to act like normal and went away from the spot and at last I could take a breath of relief.

I was happy that I got out of the situation its almost like getting out of a suffocating closed box. Man always thinks about his present and thinks he is at his best and forgets to look whether his present actions would effect his future or not and I was also happy in this same way without any knowledge of the fact that I am prone to danger outside the college.

 I soon came to know about this from a group of students saying if principal was not there abhay would have beat suraj to pulp and the other interrupting him saying suraj is far better fighter he even broke the arm of last time lightweight boxing champ of our college which added even more fire to my fear .

Other one tried to add a reason and said no way did you look at abhay’s body he looks almost like a Rambo he will definitely win and some other person agreeing to the former said yes I think even suraj is afraid of him that is why he went out early to contact his friends I heard they are really dangerous and they attack their prey openly yet no one could yet notice it.

 By this time fear has reached its peak, my legs were shivering as I passed the college gate my senses became really attentive checking for suraj’s men and started walking briskly to the bus stop and suddenly a guy ran across me “huh!!!”

 Phew! he was just trying to catch the bus. Still my heart beat high and I started to have bad feeling looking at people whoever are In a group as if they are suraj’s friends trying to attack me.

Then I boarded my bus to my home and now my mind became suspicious of almost everyone in the bus. A man with big beard was walking towards me and he sat beside me and watched me and grinned.

What does that smile on his face mean is he suraj’s friend is he going to attack me, my stop arrived and I ran out of the bus as there was a bomb in it which was going to explode in seconds.

I started walking towards my house and what is this than man with beard had also got out of the bus, is he following me?

 I started increasing my pace and he too was quickly keeping his pace with me I started running and stopped when I lost him. I went into my room and locked myself in. I was never this afraid after my childhood, I still feel I am the same child who got repeatedly bullied in my hostel.

I couldn’t even sleep well that all I get are nightmares of me getting beaten up and people around making fun of me. All my life I tried to get over this I attended a lot of workshops on how to overcome my fear, I read a lot of psychological books and I even started going to gym which gave me a strong gut but not guts to face my fear.

Its already morning I felt like time was wontedly running faster so that it could see me in trouble. I started to my college as it is more frightening in my room which made me think of my past. Bus has come I went and sat in a seat and suddenly I felt someone was patting on my back, it’s the same guy who followed me yesterday I did not understand what to do he said, brother you forget this book yesterday I tried to give it back but you were in hurry I think so.

He handed me the book and went to his seat. It was a well needed relief after high tension which I felt yesterday.

 College has come and I did not wanted to go in as suraj would be there in college but staying here make even more frightened with the suspicion that his friends may attack me and suddenly there was a big sound.

An accident, car has hit a bike rider and it was suraj who got severely injured, he was unconscious I called ambulance and I too went to the hospital and worked with all formalities. Nurse said he was conscious now. I went in, he saw me and I can see tears in his eyes,He said sorry abhay I really misunderstood you, if you did not help me I would have died no one would have helped me, because of my attitude and behavior I have no friends and I even made an enemy out of you but you still helped me.

I was completely numb I did know what to do whether I should feel happy as he did not friends or feel pity for him and wait a second where did my fear go.

Someone has rightly said

 

 

 

It was really a good decision that I went to college and faced my fear or else I would have been still shivering with fear in my home that day.

__END__

