Moral Story – Mistakes

Photo credit: 

 from 

One gentleman wants to cancel his telephone connection. He doesnot know English well. He went to a letterwriter, gave his fee and asked hinm to write a letter to the telephone department. The clrek is very clever and he writes some words as shortcuts. For example, for bangalore he writes blr and for chennai he writes chn. For telephone connection he writes tc. He wrote the letter. The gentleman took the letter for typing. While typing, the typist can not understand the shortcuts.

“What is the name of your wife?” The typist asked the gentleman.

“Tara. But the phone connection is in my name.” The gentleman said.

The typist did not bother for that. He understood that tc means Tarachandrika.

He typed the letter where he inserted the sentence “Please cancel myTara connection.”

The telephone department tried to understand the letter and failed.

The department answered, “ We can cancel Telephone Connections, not Tara Connection.”

*****

A guest is coming. The host does not know English. He has been advised to ask ‘How do you do?’ and when answered, he is advised to say ‘Same with me.’

The Guest is wellversed in english. When he came, the host asked him ‘Who are you?’ instead of how do you do. The guest is disturbed, but answered that I am husband of X. Then the host easily said the second answer ‘I am husband of x’

This time the guest is completely mad with the answer.

Mistakes happen when we speak something that we do not know. So we must always speak knowing well that what we are speaking.

*****

Some people create something with some mistakes.

While a class is taken to upstairs, the teacher wrote the note on the Black Board – “THE 

 ARE TAKEN TO UPSTAIRS”

One boy tried his cleverness by erasing the first letter, the message is now made – “THE 

 ARE TAKEN TO UPSTAIRS”

Another boy showed his shrewedness by removing L from the message. The message is now read –

 “THE 

 ARE TAKEN TO UPSTAIRS”

 *****

One learned person asked another learned person:

“What do you think about mistakes?”

“We hear only half of what others say. Then we understand half of what we hear. We think nothing as what we understood will be very little. As nothing we think, we feel that we knew everything of what we heard. So we react double and try to say that what others said is fully a mistake. Finally we get ourselves recorded as great mistake.”

“Well said my friend. Now I understood that asking you about this is my mistake” He said with a broad smile.

“Of course, I don’t feel it a mistake to answer you even when you asked me by mistake!” The other person also said with a broad smile.

*****

Once somebody asked George Bernard Shaw:

“Will mistakes make someone a successful man?”

“Someone not doing mistakes cannot be definitely a successful man. But a successful man never makes the same mistakes again and again.”

Bernard Shaw answered. The man who asked the question felt that he should not ask Shaw the same question again, as if it is a mistake to ask this, as if he (Shaw) is doing mistakes.

*****

Once, a writer met another writer. He is close friend and he often meets that writer to get his doubts cleared.

“I did a mistake. If I tell you, I am sure I will lose you. But I want to tell you.” The first writer said.

“Stop and think a while. A mistake is just a page. But the friendship is a full bok. Do you lose the full book for just one page?”

“No, I cannot afford to lose the full book for just one page.” The first writer said.

“Then don’t tell me about the mistake you did for me. Mistakes we do often, but we can not afford to lose friends by doing those mistakes again and again.” The learned friend advised.

*****

“We do mistakes, not because we are bad, but because we are not cautious.”

“Do mistakes and pay for them throughout rest of the life is not advisable. Mistakes can be corrected as on the paper with whitener. So correct the mistakes to get rid of the life long punishment of the bad results.”

“Doing mistakes is not only by bad people, good people also do mistakes, by mistake.”

 *****

The husband is always kind to the wife who is doing mistakes continuously. But the husband is excusing her every time she does mistakes. A friend of that husband knows all this.

“How can you always excuse your wife? She is doing mistakes every time.”

“That is love, my friend. I love my wife very much. This love makes me excuse her every time she does mistakes. Caring is not related to mind, it is related to heart, my friend” the husband said.”

*****

Mistakes make two people get separated.

Two hearts always feel to get back as one.

Then mistakes fail to keep them aloof or alone.

__END__

