Moral Short Story – The Landlord’s Daughter

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 1894. Summer holidays had started. Earth’s surface was hot just like a heater. Students were returning their homes. In Kashipur, two poor people were doing labor. Their names were Kishan and Lakhan.

Kishan said to Lakhan, “Our good days have finished.”

Lakhan said with surprise, “What do you mean by good days? Every day is a bad day for us. The landlord treats us very badly.”

Kishan replied, “But still these were our good days, because our landlord’s daughter is coming tomorrow. She is very cruel. She doesn’t consider us humans. She thinks that all world’s joy and entertainment is only for the rich and poor is only for servicing them.”

Lakhan’s heart started beating faster. But he couldn’t do anything. Next day all the servants, villagers and the landlord of Kashipur went to station to receive the landlord’s daughter ‘Ms. Garima Choudhary’ landlord’s daughter.First of all she came and hugged her father.

She said, “Where is my welcome gift?”

The landlord replied, “Here it is.”

The landlord gave her an iron ruler. Two of landlord’s servants stood in front of her. Unfortunately they were Kishan and Lakhan. She beat them like animals.

She said to them, “Do you feel pain?”

They refused and said, “It is our duty madam. You can do whatever you want.”

She laughed and went to the car. Next day she knew that her father had caught a poor. This poor man wanted rights for the poor. He was against the rich. Garima wanted to beat him. She took her iron ruler but when she saw his face suddenly her hands stopped. He was Dharmesh, her boyfriend. She couldn’t believe on that.

Dharmesh laughed and said, “What happened? Why your hands are trembling today? You are not doing this first time.”

She was shocked. She said, “Are you poor?”

He replied, “Yes, I am. And you loved an animal.”

Garima said with anger, “Why did you lie me?”

Dharmesh replied, “Because I wanted to prove you that we poor are also humans. But you rich do not consider us humans. We also have hearts. God has not created us to serve you. We serve you to earn money, but you treat us like animals.And now I have proved this.”

There were tears in the eyes of Garima. She hugged Dharmesh and said, “I promise you, from today no one will treat poor like animals in Kashipur.They will have equal rights. You have opened my eyes.”

First Garima freed the Dharmesh and then she told everything to her father. Her father was convinced with her. The poor lived happily in Kashipur and Garima and Dharmesh enjoyed a happy married life.

__END__

