INNER VOICE IS A POWERFUL VOICE (Author’s real life experience)

Moral Short Story – INNER VOICE IS A POWERFUL VOICE

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was hottest summer day of March in Bengaluru. The city had a record temperature of 36 degree celsius on that day. Vasu decided not to move out and remain in home in view of the extreme temperature. He picked up a magazine to read.

“To be true, pure, strong and brave, what we need is inner voice. Our inner voice is the truth power within us.”

 Vasu stopped after reading the above lines in the magazine. He suddenly remembered an incident on inner voice. His memory went back about three decades ago.

In those days, Vasu was officer in charge of bank’s extension counter at cement plant. He had maintained a good relationship with all the employees of the plant. One day Vasu came to the office at 10 a.m. half an hour early. He took the day’s English news paper. While turning the pages casually, he saw one advertisement column. The ad was about direct recruitment for the post of senior level executive position in the civil department of a reputed Bank. Vacancies for this cadre were only four.

The selection process was in two stages viz., written test and interview. The eligible candidates, who apply for the post within the due date, receive hall ticket to appear for the written test. The test paper consists of three parts viz-objective type questions, general knowledge and current affairs. Those who qualify in the test would be called for interview in the ratio of 1:10.

It means only 40 candidates would be called for interview to select 4 candidates. This process was on the basis of marks obtained in the written test. While reading the ad, one of his friends name struck to his mind. He was under the impression that his friend was eligible to apply for the post. Vasu knew about his friend’s basic information like qualification and experience.

He was unaware of the other information like age and special skills etc. He thought that his friend would fulfill the eligibility criteria. The last date of submission of application was only seven days from the date of the ad. He closed his eyes for few seconds. His inner voice directed him to help his friend.

Vasu decided to help his friend. He had positive thinking on his feeling that it would end up in success. Certainly it was a hard nut to crack for his friend keeping in view of the stiff competition.

 Who was that friend?

Gangadhar Assistant General Manager (Civil) of cement plant visits the bank’s counter frequently. He was very simple in his behavior and attitude. Vasu and Gangadhar became friends at the very first meeting. Whenever Gangadhar finds leisure time, speak with Vasu over phone. Both had maintained cordial personal relationship.

Vasu had in his mind was none other than a Gangadhar a close and affectionate friend. By the time he finished deep thinking about his friend, customers were coming to the counter. Other staff members were also arrived. Vasu kept the news paper in the drawer to attend the customers.

It was Saturday, the business hours of the bank’s counter close at 12 noon. Closing the day’s accounts need another half an hour. When the day’s work finished, Vasu tried to contact his friend over phone. He was not in the office and went for inspection. His assistant informed Vasu that as soon as he returns, he would inform. Vasu told his Cashier to handover the account sheets and deposit the balance cash in the currency chest of the main branch.

After five minutes there was a phone call from Gangadhar. Vasu told him to come to the counter for an urgent work. Gangadhar arrived to the counter within five minutes. Vasu told him the reason and showed the ad. Gangadhar did not show interest in the ad. He expressed his inability to appear competitive test. He said he obtained the Civil Engineering Degree Examination with just pass marks. He thanked Vasu for his suggestion.

Vasu had two options before him. Either advise him not to proceed further in the matter or insist Gangadhar to rethink. Vasu cleared his doubt on eligibility that B.E. (Civil) pass was sufficient. Vasu was successful in convincing his friend to accept the challenge. He gave the ad and told him to complete the formalities as early as possible.

 Gangadhar had a second thought in his mind. Probably, he wanted to consult his family members. He met Vasu on the following day. He brought all the documents to be enclosed to the application. He requested Vasu to get the Xerox copies to be attested by him. The attestation was over within five minutes. Application was duly filled in by Gangadhar. Both checked up all the papers and satisfied that everything was in order. Gangadhar forwarded the application together with the enclosures to Bank’s head office at Bengaluru on the same day.

After one month Gangadhar received call letter from the bank to appear for the test at Bengaluru on the date mentioned. He informed this to Vasu. On hearing this, Vasu conveyed him good wishes. As expected the questions asked in the test papers were very difficult to answer. One month time given to the candidates was properly utilized by Gangadhar.

He dedicated most of the time for preparation. He was confident in his sincere efforts. Vasu was happy to know his friend’s excellent performance at the test. Exactly after one month Gangadhar was declared as successful in the written test. He received call letter for interview. The time left to him was too short. Fourth day from that date of the letter he was asked to appear for the interview. Vasu encouraged Gangadhar to be a positive thinking person.

On the date of interview Gangadhar appeared with full confidence. In the interview also, he showed his brilliant performance. Thirty days after the interview, selection of candidates was over. Gangadhar’s name was in the list of selected candidates. Another interesting aspect was out of hundreds of successful candidates the final selection was only four. Gangadhar was one among the four. Vasu was overwhelmed with joy to know this happy news. He congratulated his friend for the grand success.

He thought for a while, being an active and devoted everyday makes it easier to hear that wonderful and powerful inner voice. Listen to your inner voice carefully, it will always tell you truth.

Vasu came out of his memory, when the main door was knocked repeatedly.

__END__

