Moral Short Story – ONE DOG FOUR OWNER

Image Source: 

There was an old man whose name was John. He had four sons and he was a philanthropist. He always helped every one but he was misanthropist. John had cancer and the doctor said that he is not able to cure him. One day he called his four sons and said them that he had made the property papers. And he has distributed the whole property in four parts. And requested them to divide the property in those parts honestly.

After three days John died. And his sons started distributing the property. At last a dog was left So the brothers decided that they will distribute the four legs of the dog among them in such a manner that the first two legs will be under the supervision of the first two elder brothers and the last two legs will be under the supervision of the younger brothers according to their age.

After 2 months all the four brothers get married and become rich. But the two elder brothers become ego-maniac. And the third becomes good but some time he behaved like a ego. But the youngest brother behaved like his father and helped everyone.

One day the dog was playing in their house and the elder brother didn’t like that so he started beating the dog and that hurt the fourth leg of the dog which was under the supervision of the youngest brother. So the younger brother helped the dog and did his first aid and wrapped a banded on that leg. After some time the dog enter the kitchen and his fourth leg catches fire because the stove was burning. So to get rid of that the dog ran towards the farm and whole farm started burning because dog’s fourth leg was on fire. This destroyed the whole farm and the whole property of the four brothers.

Now all the three brothers were angry because the fourth leg of the dog was under the supervision of the youngest brother and blamed their youngest brother for this loss and said him to return them their property at any cost. The total land was of the area of 120 square feet and each brother had a part of 30 sq. feet each. So the younger brother had to give them a total of 90 sq. feet of land. The younger brother tensed and felt lonely.

One day a villager came and told to the younger brother that their is a saint at his neighborhood. And told him that the saint is really brilliant in solving such a hard problems of the human life. So the younger brother went to the saint along with his brothers. The brothers told the whole incident to the saint.

After listening to their problem the saint told them that the fourth leg belong to the younger brother and the rest three belong to you all three. But the dog’s fourth leg was on fire so dog was not able to use his fourth leg for running and he ran towards the field because of the remaining three legs and these three legs where the cause of these incident because these three legs had helped the dog in running towards the field and destroying your whole property so the cause of this loss are the three legs of the dog and these three leg belong to you three elder brothers.

So you can’t blame the younger one. Now the saint decided that all the three elder brothers should return the 30 sq. feet of land to the youngest brother but the younger brother said I don’t want any land, I just want my brothers to stay together with me and we all should start our new life from now. So they lived happily even after.

MORAL OF THE STORY :- We should not leave friends or family members when they are in a problem and we should help them solving the problem instead of blaming them.

__END__

