Moral Short Story – The Right To Live Freely

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once upon a time there was a brave gallant soldier named Robert Anderson in London, England. He was a brave soldier and he lived along with his family happily. But one day he was sent to the Battle Field of War World I(1914-1919).

He fought like a great sovereign but ultimately he was caught by the German Soldiers and then he was sent to the German Prison.There he was tortured inhumanly and was kept in darkness.In prison there were many other English soldiers. Robert met two soldiers of his own group. One was Allan and another was Kevin. They used to share their sorrowfulness  with each other for being imprisoned.

Sometime they tried escape from the prison but Robert opposed them and said to wait for the war to stop. But Kevin had no patients so one day he tried to escape. In this escape plane he was helped by Allan also. Both them were imprisoned in the 4th floor the jail. So they decided to cut the window cage to escape. Robert didn’t know anything about this.

At the time of their escape Robert was having his dinner in the prison can tine. After two hours Allan and Kevin fled way from the jail. The jail deputy suspected Robert and used to tortured him everyday so that he may speak out where Allan and Kevin escaped.The jail deputy used to beat him everyday though he was innocent. Robert used to do prayer in the prison church and one day his prayers came to fulfill after five years when the war was ceased.

The British Government send a petition to the German Government and thus all the British soldiers who were imprisoned during war were released. Robert along with other fellow soldiers went back to their home safely.

After two months of being released Robert went on a walk in the park.There he saw a person selling birds which were kept inside the cage. Seeing this Robert bought all the birds and released them from their cages. The bird seller was amazed seeing this. So he asked Robert about this. Then Robert said all about his imprisonment in the German Prison and considered his sorrowfulness   with those birds inside the cage.

MORAL OF THE STORY:-“Everybody has the right to live freely whether he is man,birds or animals.”

__END__

