Moral Short Story – Tomorrow

Photo credit: 

 from 

Shakthi a skilful guy was doing his engineering by the compulsion of his dad. At that time he was doing his 1

 year, he had two elder brothers and one younger brother. Always he used to have joy around himself in his friends circle but when he comes to home he won’t be same as in college. He was having lots of interest to became a director from his schooling but in his home he did not got any support.

He decided to write stories and started to write.He asks his friend Varun to read his story. After reading he told him that it was really good. All his friends were deciding abut there cultural events, at that time Shakthi gave an idea and told that”we will take a short film and project it in our auditorium “, his friends did not accepted to his suggestion. He felt a lot for tat and left the place.Then they all decided to perform a skit in that cultural but they all were not having any good idea about it.

Varun gave an idea and told that”Shakthi is a good writer he has written a story,I had read his story it was realy nice,so v can ask him to write any short story for us”.

All his friend accepted and requested Shakthi to write a different type of script. He accepted and considered it to be one of his milestone. At that night he was unable to sleep he was fully thinking about the story. Next day he started to write the story without going to college all his friends came to his home to enquire about the story.They all read the story and told it was really superb.They all practiced hardly for that skit.

It was time for them to perform,when their name was announced in mike,Shakthi’s name was also announced he felt so happy and was flying in clouds nine.(thy all performed the skit)Thy all got negative comments from the judge,no one thought that they would get bad comments. Shakthi was totally depressed,his friends encouraged and cheered among themselves and told to Shakthi that we will do better next time.

He was lonely sitting in college veranda. Roopa was also studying in that college, she saw Shakthi sitting alone and spoke to him that”I am Roopa, studying in this college,you are story was really good but you are friends could have performed well,I expect a lot from you,you have good talent develop it and become a great writter”.

He was motivated by her words. After a week later he saw Roopa and told her that”I have written a new story can you read it please”and gives her the story in a paper. She accepted to his request and told him that”when I am free,I will read this,if I say story is not good you must not be worried”(he shakes his head).

His college was leave for a week,he was eagerly for her result. Varun was residing next to his home. Shakhti wents to his home and was chatting with him.

Varun told him that “I gave your mobile number to Roopa,did she called you??,I think she’s in love with you”.

Shakthi thought he was just kidding him,he was saying about his next story to Varun. Varun told him that”dai!! What da all ways talking about story and movies,its boring”Shakthi laugh and leaves his home.

Next day at early morning a shooting was taking place next to his home,he rushes to see it,there he saw the real working progress of making a film making and realized that making a film is a difficult task,so he was thinking a lot whether he could become a director and decided to quit his story writing habbit. At that place he saw the director of that film giving an interview to media regarding his movie and told that”making a film is not a easy job,if u overcomes those difficulties with interest and sincerity you will succeed in u work”.

Those phrases attracted him a lot and motivated him.He plans to take his previous story has a film and felt difficulty to express his feeling to his parents for getting permission.He concluded that his parent wont give him permission,so he decides to take a film without permission from his parents,from next day he used to stand like a watchman at every director’s offices and houses to get chance has an assistant director,there was many people like him,waiting for a chance. He never went to college and started to beg for a chance,spended his whole day there itslef.

He gets a call from Roopa,she told him tat”come to ma hom,I hav some news regarding u r cini life”.

He goes to her home,there she gave him an intro to a cinematography Rajiv who was her friend’s uncle. Rajiv enquired a lot to him and was testing his talents. Rajiv told him that”you are a skilful guy but need some qualification”and gives him some tips. Roopa told him that”sorry for the delay result the story which you gave me last month was trilling it was good, Varun told me that you are waiting for a chance that why I gave you an intro to you”.

He leaves the place without answering.

One day his dad got a phone call from his college regarding shakthi absences in college.His dad went to college with him,he was given warning in college and was scolded for his misbehaviour. His dad never spoke to him. Shakthi’s thought for a long time about his carrier and told his parents that”I am going to quit my engineering and going to do visual communication,I am not having intrest in engineering please understand”.

His dad shouted at him and says to him that”its you are wish but I won’t spend or pay any amount of money for you”.

He feels sad and discontinues his college,His elder bro’s Satya and Surya told him that”don’t worry we both will help for you are studies”,motivates him and leaves.

Next day he joined a new college for his viscom course,he was so eager to do that course. During his final year in college,he was waiting for an opportunity to direct something. After finishing his course also he didn’t get any chance. Again he started to roam and searched at different places to express his talents. He call’s Roopa and ask for Rajiv’s help.

She replied him with sorry and told that”Rajiv died due to heart attack last week”.

He was in a helpless situation and cried a lot.Everyday he used to stand like a beggar in every director’s house for a chance.In one situation his dad scolded him worsely and told that”if you have continued your engineering you would have been in a good job right now,now see what you are doing after viscom”and says him that “if you’re not obeying my words means,leave the home otherwise if u obey,I will give you a chance to do a bussiness”.

He was having so much interest in movies,so he decides to leave the home. His mom and bro’s tried to support and save him but he did not listen to anyone.

He walked out and was lonely sitting in the roadside, Varun got a job,he sees him in roadside and came to know his situation.He gives a lots of idea to him.At one stage Shakthi lost his hope and plans to go for some work,he gets a job at a restaurant and started to work there.Unfortunately he sees Roopa in that Restaurant,she was shocked to see him in such a position.She meets him personally and tolds him that”I hav fallen in love with you from the college itself but was waiting for right time to express it and did not got any such situations,because of my love only I gave u an intro to Rajiv,understand the situation and be wise,I will be waiting for you”.

Shakthi thinks about her words and gets confuses .He left his job and joined in an drama stage has an lightman. He enjoyed his job there because of his interest and involvement in it. He started to act in front of mirror whatever those artist did. One day there was a lack of artist in that skit,the director of that skit was thinking for a long time, he saw Shakthi working sincerely in preparing the stage,he called him and asks him to do a character in the skit,he felt happy without asking him the role he accepted the director’s request.

On seeing his act,the director was happy.He told to Shakthi that”your having a good future don’t waste it here try to go in cinema field.His words motivated and gave him more confident.In day time he again started to roam to get a chance for directing and used to work in stage during evening time.Everyday he was given a role to act.He started to work with tat director for writing script and gave lots of idea to him.

One day an ad director saw his performance in stage and was admired on his act. He called him and ask him to act in his ad. Shakthi accepted for it and felt happy,he considered it to be successful step in cinema field.He suggested that ad producer to give him a chance to direct an ad.The producer said”I wil”.

Shakthi went and told to his stage director that I hav got a good opportunity to succeed in my carrier and gets blessing from him.A call comes to him from that producer”he asks him to cum to his office”.

He goes ther,he was amazed to see that office because he saw the most leading director,cameraman,editor’s.That produce asked him whether he’s intrested in working has an assistant director’s with that great director.He replied that”sir,you hav given me a big opportunity how will I deny it”,he accepts.

He leaves that stage show and starts to work with this director.He completes his four film’s has an assistant director.His director asked him to act in his next project but Shakthi refused to it he told him that”sir,thanks for the chance but I am not interested in acting,I want to become a great director like you”.

On his words that director saw some confidence and told him that”I am planning to produce a movie,for that movie you are only going to direct”.

Shakthi was happy on hearing to his words.He starts to write a script for his first movie.He finished everything and showed the script to his director.That director was eager to produce that movie.The project was about to start.He calls Roopa and told her that”I am gonna direct a movie,my dream is going to be achieved and thought about his family and felt lot for it”.

She says”don’t worry,all the best for the project”.

He starts his work and days passed on with lots of difficulty and stress he finished his first movie and it was time to release that movie.He got support from the big banner to release his movie.The producer of the movie told him that the”movie is a definite success,thanks for making such a good movie”.

The movie released and got positive reviews from everyone and in media.His film was nominated for 8 category for national awards and won 3 awards for best direction,story and cinematography.He was enjoying that moment.When he received that award he told that”this is my first debut,the story which I directed was fully about my family and me,without my family and those incidents I could have not get this awards”and also says that”he dedicates his award to his family and director who gave him a chance”.

He was in Delhi at that moment when he returns to Chennai he saw his family in airport.His dad came and asked sorry and wished him.He was surprised to see his two brother’s standing with their wife. His mom also wished him and finally he sees Roopa standing alone with a bouquet,he went near to her and hugged her and told to her that”without you are encouragement I am not here”.

__END__

