She was upset. Her name was announced . She ran to her hostel office room. She was received a parcel.

Rewind -6 months before.

Her phone rang it was her mother.she attend that with slight hesitation. After some chitchat and there comes the most terrified question – her mother asked for semester results.She failed to top her college. She promised her mother that she will do better the next time. Her mother scolded her . According to her mother topper is the only position that her daughter should be.she thought her mother’s expectation was very high. But for the person who sacrifices her life only for her daughter it was right.

She was again upset .That she failed to fulfill her promise to her mother.It gave her pain.Everyone gone for lunch except her, she didn’t felt like eating. She hated to talk with her friends. They were asking treat for her good marks in the exams.But good marks is just not enough for her. Her friends started making fun of her .

Days passed from the result day her life was changed completely.Her smiles were turned fake. Her sleep were replaced by books.Her dreams become scary.The total charm of her was gone.Next semester exams were over and she was fearfully expecting results the day after tomorrow. It was Sunday.

Now .

 Her name was announced.Office staffs told her that she was received a parcel.she came to her room and opened .There is an letter stating Ms.Topper..

Ms.Topper

 

 

Sincerely,

 Your forgotten happiness

She searched for the sender of the letter but there is no further information.Tears welled in her eyes.she held the letter tightly. She believed that there is something in this world is more important than marks. She smiled herself.

 Suddenly she waked up from her bed and asked her friends for lunch . They went out for lunch .Things changed in her life again. But this time with new experience. At bed time she thought about how her life before the letter.She re-read it.She believed that it was from God.

She was prepared to face her results boldly. From that day, whenever her name was called she prayed for

–END–

