Cricket World Cup 2015 – Bravo ! New Zealand Won the Semi-Final…

Photo credit: 

 from 

It is said that the history repeats its own history in the years to come. I like to refer the cricket match of Semi-Final in between South Africa and New Zealand on 24th. March 2015 – ICC World Cricket Cup 2015 – after 2011 World Cup when India under the captain-ship of Mahendra Singh Dhoni recorded as world champion – the rarest of the rare win over so many strong teams of the world.

 Now once again India has reached the Semi-Final – undefeated till now and will be fighting as a fight with the world famous strongest team of Australia in whose name there are numerous world record in the cricket history. The match will commence on 26th. March 2015 – just tomorrow at 9 in the morning in India and in some other countries.

 Millions and millions game lovers all over the world have been waiting for that day for a long time to watch and stare at so interesting game.

 Whosoever wins will have to face the NZ team in the final to be held on 29th. March 2015. None knows who will be the world champion as cricket is considered as a game of uncertainty. None can foretell or forecast, only can guess depending upon the past performance of the team.

 So far as I remember there are such over thrilling games I listened to and watched are two games in my memory. One Sharjah world cup in which in the last ball Pakistan hammered 6 and won the world cup. Another one long back in when only test matches were in vogue, no 50-50, no 20-20.

 It was Saturday. It was the 5th day, being the last day in Calcutta ( Now Kolkata ) in Eden Garden India had to out the English Team ( So far as I remember ) to win the test match.

 Chandrasekhar – Googly – Master was balling and balling and it was to our utter surprise that all 10 wickets were taken – India won the unexpected game. So people in the stadium were excited, thrilled and over joyed that it cannot be described in words. I listened to the commentary and ran with the radio to one of my friends who was of the opinion that India would lose the game.

 The last but not the least the game played on 24th. March 2015 – Semi- Final between South Africa and New Zealand teams.

A man can do anything he wants in life – he must have will power and the patience, no hurdle can stop him to win.

 I was alone, in fact not alone, with me about 200 crore people were sitting with me watching the most thrilling game ever since played (A few written in golden letters in the history of Cricket also)

 SA finished in 298 runs, 43 overs and NZ was to follow such a big Score , very difficult but McCullam -the Captain gave an excellent start.

 Last 12 runs in 6 balls, then 5 runs in 2 balls, pin – drop silence in the field as well as in the houses of about10 millions people all over the world watching this over thrilling match holding their breath. Grant Elliot 84 runs-man of the match after superb win, hammered 6, the whole world of cricket and its lovers’ breath seized for the glorious moment.

On the one hand tears rolled out in the eyes of the losing team and their supporters and on the other smile sparked on the faces of the winning team and their supporters. I noticed Dale Steyn, the last baller slipped down on the ground quite stunned – quite grieved until a player of NZ held his hand up and embraced him, consoled him again and again, said not to repent over as to what happened, it was not his fault. The world famous captain SA – De Villiers held up within his eyes his tears but even the tears were out of his control, started shedding drop by drop, so sentimental he was ! !! !!! Amazing!

 6 times NZ reached SF but not Final , only this time reached with all wins in all games till played till now.

 Bravo ! NZ has won the SF match.

 Grand Slam! the great warriors !

 Please wait for another 24 hours, the next Semi-Final between India and Australia on 26th. March 2015 at 9 in the morning.

***

 Wirter: Durga Prasad. Dated 25th. March 2015, time 8.55 AM

 ***

