Philosophical Article – YOU

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a lazy December Sunday.

Forcibly, I had woken myself up, early that morning, to catch the early bus. Just imagine, Sunday early morning, cool winds outside, no office to attend and a comfortable bed. It was a seminar, for which I had planned a week ago and was even ready to surrender the appealing comfort of my warm bed.

I reached the venue & found it crowded by many enthusiastic members like me.

After a general discussion on a couple of similar topics, the seminar host asked a question, which startled all of us. But seeing the simplicity of the query, we answered excitedly, because we all knew the answer!!

He asked us, “With whom do you share every possible detail of your life?” Answers started pouring in from many people. My best friend, my brother, my sister, my mom, my dad and someone even said my dog…!!!

I had an answer too, of a similar kind…!

The host smiled hearing our answers and said,”There is only person, with whom all of you have spoken maximum number of times, till date and so has everyone else across the globe.”

I was almost convinced that he was going to say GOD (the usual answer..!)

“……and that person is ………. ‘YOU’”, he announced

We all were dumbfounded. He summoned us for taking a coffee break, after this revelation. He knew we all needed a strong caffeine dose, to come in terms with the answer.

What…..? Me….? Did I speak maximum with ME?? No, it couldn’t be, I muttered to myself. I ain’t nuts to keep talking to me, I was assured.

In the second half of the seminar, he introduced us to some shocking facts about ourselves. I had never been so confused in my entire life …!! I thanked God, when the seminar ended. Somehow, I regretted attending it. What a waste of time, I told myself.

On my way back home by bus, I sat listening to some nice songs on my ipod. The person sitting in the front seat, was talking too loudly on his cell phone and I criticized him in my thoughts, while at the same time I was also wondering what should I do rest of the day. I reminded myself about wishing a friend on his birthday. I also wondered, which good movie was in the theatres and I also reminded myself, to call mom for a small chat in the noon. I told myself, to start going for morning walks and also scolded myself, for not watering the plants for a couple of days. I remembered the short bald guy dozing during the seminar and I gave out a small laugh, but told myself to behave, as I was sitting in a public transport. I was thinking about going home and making some nice lunch, but then I thought of telling my husband about taking me out for lunch instead.

While the songs kept playing in my ears, thoughts kept pouring in my brain.

………

And then…. I stopped thinking. Blank.

I realized that, I was continuously talking to myself, inside my head….!! I did not know what to do…!! I closed my eyes….shut them tightly…but no…the thoughts didn’t seem to stop…!!! I started singing the song which was being played on my ipod, but deep inside my head, the thoughts still continued!! I was 100% sure, that the seminar host had practically driven me crazy…I knew, I shouldn’t have attended that seminar.

This was the moment of truth, it dawned upon me.

I took a deep breath. It was me…!! It was definitely me. He wasn’t wrong…!! May be, this was what he was trying to tell us all..!! 80 % of the time, we are actually speaking to ourselves, in our mind and it’s just 20 % of the time, that we actually interact with others…!!

He was a brilliant man, I admitted. He had introduced me to my new friend. What a strange reality, this friend had no existence till then and yet knew everything, absolutely everything about me…!!

That friend was none other than ME, myself…!!! Since the time a child starts understanding things but doesn’t actually start talking, the child talks to itself, but responds via actions and expressions. It’s only when it starts understanding the use of a language, it starts conversing…!!! Thoughts have no language, after all..!

I believe GOD exists and that too in the form of our subconscious mind. We ask questions and GOD answers, just the way, our brain questions and our subconscious mind answers. GOD, in the form of our subconscious mind keeps talking to us right from our birth and guides us all the way till our death. Whenever we feel, it’s GOD, who has answered our prayers, it’s not actually HIM. It is we ourselves, who have found the way out of our problems by listening to our subconscious thoughts.

Try it out once. Close your eyes and listen to yourself. You will realize the traffic of thoughts within. Your conversation with your new friend will be the most interesting as well as comforting experience, since you can never be lonely, when you are accompanied by you.

And soon your realization won’t be any different than mine…trust me.

__END__

