Short Story on Prostitution [Karens Story] 

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is a hard story to tell, the memories and flashbacks have me in tears and panic attacks. I am sat here as we speak in a hospital bed not knowing if I will make it out alive, not knowing if my unborn child is dead, not knowing if I’ll ever be able to walk again and most of all not knowing if I will continue to live my life in danger. I’m gonna be a brave woman and say that this was all MY fault and that my own greed got me into this state, I mean, I just wanted to be loved but I get so caught up in the moment that I can turn into such an evil bi*ch and then I realize the next day how horrible I was. In case you’re wondering I am a hooker/prostitute whatever you want to call it, shouldn’t sex be one of the best hobbies ever.. no matter who you do it with? Countless times I have been judged by people simply for my occupation yet none of them know the real me and they surely don’t know my story.

I didn’t know how this guy was gonna work out, usually they wear the stereotypical pale jeans with the black leather jacket stopped at around the back pockets, he looked at me and gave me the nush nod (something I like to call it), I was actually feeling frisky that day and didn’t hesitate to get into his car, during the ride to his place we didn’t really communicate that much, it was fairly quiet but not awkward. When we arrived at his place I knew straight away that he was middle/upper class, I know these things (curtain material, electrical equipment, house decor), he took me straight upstairs and we didn’t waste any time.

I woke up the next morning with him asleep next to me, I seen my salary on the table… £40? This guy can clearly afford more than that, I mean not only does he live alone he doesn’t even have any pets or anything, selfish bastard, his wallet caught my eye and.. you know what happened next. I called my best friend to tell her the news.

My next encounter was a regular, he even knew my name and was exceptional in the bedroom, I always secretly steal money out of his wallet; so much that it’s almost as if he knows that I do it. Not long after the session I quickly got my things and went.

This next encounter was a rather strange man that didn’t say a word, I was quite reluctant to even get into his car at first which was strange because I’m always the fearless one, his presence gave me a weird feeling inside but that same feeling would soon turn to shock and excitement as we approached his house; or shall I say mansion. It was huge! Electric gates, multiple cars, swimming pool in the back garden, when we got inside he strangely let me have a look around, this place was amazing but the main thing that was getting me excited was £££, I knew I had to try my best and make sure that he remembered me.

The sex was okay, I would’ve thought he’d be a bit more experienced but I’m guessing he was just a lonely businessman, as usual I stayed the night. I was awoken to the blinding sunlight in my face and my phone ringing (another customer), I decided to ignore the call and sat up properly only to realize that the guy wasn’t next to me, I called his name (Greg) and searched around for him, I was confused but at the same time fuming; he only left me £30; fuck that! I searched his house for any type of valuable items, I took about £4000 worth of jewellery and an iPhone I seen in the lounge, I then wrote a note beside his bed saying “two can play that game” and left, purposely not closing the front door behind me.

I decided to pay a few bills with the money, get a new makeover and most importantly a new wardrobe, I felt like a queen and I knew that the other rivals on my block wouldn’t stand a chance. I didn’t even get to my spot yet and I was already approached but this guy looked like a skinny version of Shrek and had very yellow teeth, I told him to move along and didn’t look twice. 10 minutes later I was approached by another man, he didn’t look familiar at all and wasn’t from my area by the sound of his accent, I got into his car and put my seat belt on and I can see him staring at me the whole time, I looked sexy. Every moment he had he would look into my face and smile, I just went along with it and smiled back. Around 10 minutes later we were close to approaching his hou… mansion, it was very dark but this mansion looked amazing, huge with electric gates and .. hold on, this was the same mansion I robbed from the other week.

“I know what you did to my brother” The guy said

I tried to open the door but it was locked, I screamed for help but nobody was around to hear me!

