Road to choose

Photo credit: 

 from 

To work for passion or to work for money. YOU CHOOSE!

Someone asked me what would I prefer if time comes for me to choose between these two.  

, I said,

We work for money, and it always comes along with passion. How can we motivate ourselves by working hard and earning money without earning passion. Environment of work depends on it. It’s our nature as WORKERS that some of us would prefer to work with a good environment wherein you can get along with your colleagues and free from personal issues.  We do all have families and for sure they are the main reason of becoming workaholic in most of the time. I think it’s really up  to us as workers on how to motivate ourselves in order to have a good reputation towards career advancement.

I’m a teacher, and been teaching in this field for 4 years. I never get tired of scanning those grammar books, and some English books for my references in making class outline for my students. I’m a Journalism graduate. I tried working in Media where my studies focuses more on this field. I did what I supposed to do as a journalist. I’d traveled to different cities and provinces, searched stories and featured what I’d researched on TV. To see my name on the screen (TV) was an achievement for me. My mom and relatives were really glad to see me on TV. Honestly, I’ve been with my family since birth but that was the first time I saw them smiling and jumping out of their joy. They screamed and praised me and I was even thinking that for ONCE, I realized what true happiness means for me to my family. I’d never been a good student, nor active in any academic school activities.  But for some of my teachers and classmates especially at High School. Who would even think a student like, who’s grades were always on the average, parents often called the attention at school, had records of bullying other students and even skipped classes in the afternoon, could reach this kind of achievement?. Not even our smartest classmate in the class, emailed me and asked if that was for real. All I did is to laugh, haha.. and floored. Indeed people change when they reach the maturity level.

For how many days, I had enjoyed my life being a journalist but I have to admit. The pay is not really worth it. It doesn’t pay your effort. Being a journalist pays only your fame, not through our pockets (in our nation), so it doesn’t really pay your pocket that much. I had face a very tough decision. I was working as a journalist in day time whilst a teacher (part time) at night time. My body had once almost given up because of too much stressed. And my mom suggested me to choose one since my body couldn’t adapt the way I’d lived working for two jobs. I had only 4 hours of sleep because I have to be in the station before 6 am and it took 1 hour for me to travel (by taxi) every day from my place.  Our program’s Associate Producer (my college classmate) asked my final decision. It was INDEED a challenge for me since I love both, but I have to be wise, so I chose to give up  my media career and chose to work as an online teacher.

When I got home, I cried a lot. The moment I chose Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communication, I already decided to become a News Anchor. Well, the truth is, when I started working in this field, I had a lil’ change of interest. I felt that to work on TV Production is somewhat more interesting than to work in the News and Public Affairs Dept. I like writing stories, editing video clips, and even writing drama scripts was my hobby and job when I had my internship both in Radio and TV Production, not to mention the company.

This is my 3rd year in teaching in the same company since I’d left my Media profession. The happiness and contentment is just a halfway of interest. I admit, my job now bores me a lot. I have the same routine every day when I come to work and that’s to TEACH, same books, same ways, and almost every thing is the same.  It’s totally boring but enthralling, confusing right?.  Pay?, well not quite good, Benefits? quite enough. I sometimes feel of becoming indignant as I deal some students and staff who have personality problems. In spite of these, I could still say that I’m quite happy for having a descent job. Being a teacher is difficult, yet, knowledgeable. In some ways, we tried to show how exquisite our job is, not physically but our brain. We deal skittish and winsome people every day and some students… well..indescribable, again, not physically but mentally. We face giddy kids and staggering personalities which we somehow enjoy (for some teachers).

To keep my professionalism, I just have to control myself as much I can to avoid any conflicts and would just rather have obscure missive on my wall about them (people at work), co’z if not, then I’m afraid it would be a strong belligerency between us (kidding).

Now, you decide whether I chose PASSION or MONEY, it’s our ROAD to choose anyway..hahaha

