Hi All,

I would never want to mention my name and the company I worked for.

I have a quite good experience in corporate, however i usually face one or the issue with my manager dono “why”???. I always wanted to have a peaceful atmosphere at my work place. However i can’t stop myself getting angry on certain things which i don’t need to be.

Recently, i joined a reputable bank wherein it was one of my dream company to work all the time, however due to internal politics I am thrown out of the company.

I usually have an habit of being straight forward that’s wherein I faced a lot of issues with my management. Initially he was very much dependent on me which i never liked it, so i took him for a 1-1 and I had to tell him that i don’t want to take certain responsibility which i am not hired for. But, he still used to make me work long hours just to finish his work and my too.

Later, I had to talk to his manager, that’s where my bad time started. He started sucking my blood. Every now and then he used to make my life miserable. Even the silliest mistake he used to portray it as a bigger mistake and shout at me on the floor in front of my colleagues.

One final day he took me to a meeting room and told me that I am not performing as good as other’s in my team. I tried to put myself in a comfort position , however it never worked with my manager and his Manager.

Since his treatment towards me was not going well, I had to talk to HR and MD of the team. But, they became very smart and put me to a performance improvement plan and somehow he and his manager together made my life miserable and then i never wanted to fight back because my team member’s never ever supported me.

Finally, they came up with a hard decision (as they say) that still there is no improvement towards my performance and they gave me 2 option .

-Voluntarily Resign by myself or else

 -They will terminate me.

Obviously no body wants to get terminated, hence I had to resign myself and moved out of the company immediately from the hell. Currently, looking for a Job again… Hoping for the best.

–END–

