Short Story – Hijackers witted to imprisonment

Short Story Social – Hijackers witted to imprisonment

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Swapnil was about to go somewhere by plane. He boarded fine and the plane also took off all fine. Suddenly as the plane settled in the sky and the seat belts were permitted to be removed, few passengers got up from their seat and announced that they have hijacked the plane. Each and every passenger started shaking in fear.

Swapnil was sitting in the front most row. A terrorist stood just there, moving and pointing his rifle periodically at different passengers. But one knife was peeping out from the back pocket of his trouser. Immediately a plan struck in Swapnil’s mind.

He slowly took out that knife and as the terrorist standing there moved towards other rows, Swapnil escaped his and all other terrorist’s vision and slowly appeared in the pilot’s room. There two terrorists were standing pointing their guns at the pilot and instructing him where to take the plane. Seeing Swapnil, one hijacker in pilot’s room immediately turned their gun point at him and asked, “What are you doing here?”

Swapnil replied, “No just came to know where exactly we are then travelling”, telling immediately touched the knife on pilot’s throat.

Then again started telling, “I know you people have no fear for your lives. But would you like to lose your lives without your target getting fulfilled? What would you point your gun at the pilot. That is for show very well. Now I am pointing the knife at him and would threaten you. Go back to your seat and let the plane fly where it intends to. Any damage or otherwise done, I would also not care for any of our lives, I would kill this pilot first and I am sure nobody else here knows how to fly a plane.”

Swapnil stood the whole way touching the knife on the pilot’s throat just for show and the terrorists went back and sat down on their seat. Reaching the destination airport, they were immediately handed over to the police.

__END__

