Short Story – Sailing Through The Night

Photo credit: 

 from 

I am at my creative good (not best) today. May be because a person who holds immense importance in my life suggested me to write more and more. If I speak professionally, YES!! I am wasting my time. Professional Time. The bigger YESS!! is- I am trying to find the truth of my life which lies behind the curtains of blind professionalism that has been holding me back for the last year and half. I am not wasting time MR. PROFESSIONAL. I may be sounding very frustrated with my work. Actually I am not. I love my work a lot but of-late it has taken toll on my life… MY LIFE…!

To relax and restore my inner peace I decided to listen to some music. I looove Bollywood…. The classical tunes of Rehman are my favourite. It was 12.30 at night. Going by the daily routine, we had already taken dinner and my parents were asleep. The house was in dark except my room where I had the night lamp on so that I could see the things (like my phone, laptop, chargers, glasses,etc) on my bed lying around me (I love things around me when I am sleeping).

Most of the neighbours were also alseep. Rare lights were visible outside the window but the full moon was blooming in the sky. Luckily moon’s light was falling directly on my pillow and lying on the bed I could see the moon upside down. The silence of night was as chilling as the moon’s cool light that was falling on my head & face. Nature was giving me the pleasant unrequitable love like my mother would comfort me when I used to fall asleep on her lap.

As I was sailing through the silent night the romantic numbers of the 80s and 90s made me smile and blush as I portrayed her as the actress and myself as the hero of the song. I was falling asleep fast. Suddenly the soothing voice of the earphones was penetrated by the loud barking of dogs chasing each other in the empty roads. Then I realised it was just an interruption as the loud noise was soon ruled over by endless silence.

I took this interruption as Mother Nature’s call for me to go to sleep. Lazily I looked towards the clock which showed a time of 2:15am. Slowly, I started to feel that I was sinking in the warmth of silence and peace deep in the mind as I removed the earplugs. I was moved away completely from the loudness of the city and the stress of the office as I plunged into the gorge of deep sleep after which I would be revitalised to go back to work the next morning with full enthusiasm.

__END__

