Moral Short Story – THE REALIZATION

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once there was an old man who lived in the remote village called Wali  in. On a hot afternoon in peak summer time where the sun was like a fire ball,a young couple who were travelling along with their 7 year old son to Vadodara, had their car broken down.There was no hint of any shop nearby,they walked 2 miles but still couldn’t find any.Meanwhile their son fainted due to the sun stroke.

They went to all the houses they could find for some help. But none of them responded positively, all they got was doors shut on their faces. Their kid was craving for water they couldn’t bear seeing him like that. As they were moving, they found a small hut, but the man was going, ignoring the hut. His wife called him and said “Let’s ask here”,

“Have u gone crazy ? Look they don’t even have enough place to live for themselves, how can they help us?”, he said. But she did not listen and started to call,

“Excuse me!!! Hello is anyone inside”.

A man who is in his 70s came out, he saw the couple and their kid and took them inside at once. He called his wife and asked her to wipe the body of boy with a wet cloth.In the meantime, he went out to bring some coconut water and made the boy drink it and also juice of some medicinal herbs.

After some time, the boy regained consciousness, and his mother felt very happy and grateful to the old man. She almost got tears in her eyes while thanking the old couple, but her husband didn’t even try speaking a word, not even the eye contact,he hung his head low.

”Is he your only kid“, the old man asked the young lady, for which she replied “Yes, we love him very much, it’s so painful to see him suffering in front of us, we always gave him whatever he wanted,We asked all of the people out there in the big bungalows but none of them helped, my husband almost lost hope.But luckily we found you,we feel very bad.that u live such a wretched life,we offer some money to you from our side as a gratitude,please accept it.”

“Ofcourse,I will accept ,but not money you need to do me a favor ,”the old man said

“Ya, definitely tell us,”she said

“Give your son what he needed ,not what he wanted, Its not money that makes a person rich,it is his character which makes him priceless. Teach him the morals,mould him with the right attitude.”

“But how does it matter to you?”asked the young lady

I also gave my son money,car everything what he wanted failing to realize that I made him poor character wise ,which ultimately  brought us present situation

 I don’t want my Son to face the same situation

The young man who was sitting silently till then with his head in his arms broke down into tears,he held the old man weeping and said I am sorry papa,

The young lady now understood everything,her husband who was the only son of the old couple greedy of her wealth ,abandoned his parents when they needed him the most lying to her that they are not alive

She felt ashamed of her husband.

I am sorry papa,I realized my mistake the moment ,please come with us please

See son,I and your mother endured tough times,but we are happy and content with what we have and that is enough for us to lead the life,but you don’t do the mistake I did let your son inherit good character rather than all the wealth.

“Sure dad if you don’t wish to come don’t come ,I will come here regularly and make sure that you and mom live comfortably, now I realize that you r the most important part of my life -my family,”he said

The young couple took blessings and were leaving with their son, the old man called his sons wife  and said -To help one need not have big houses all they need is “big hearts to love and big hands to give!”.

__END__

