Short Story Moral Lesson – Chocolate Graveyard

Photo credit: 

 from 

(Names and places are complete fiction)

Scream.

10pm at Bond Graveyard, Together city

Madan slowly opens his eyes and realizes he is in the middle of a graveyard with a chain tied around his leg. He shouts for help.

Anybody there?

Please help me? Unchain me.

Please.

No response and madan got tired of shouting. He tries to recollect his memories to know how he came here, but no use. He finds that other end of the chain is placed in the middle of the graveyard to allow him to walk all around the graveyard. He sits on a the buried tomb near him and finds a paper and a chocolate. He ignores the paper and eats the chocolate but the paper falls on his head due to heavy wind. He started to read the paper.

“Madan now you must be sitting on a buried man and eating a chocolate while reading this words, you must be puzzled why you are here. It all started 12 hours before.”

10am at Bond Graveyard, Together city

Madan with a group of people visiting the graveyard for demolishing the graveyard to built the chocolate factory. He takes measurements, places orders for the workers to vacate and board displaying

“This property belongs to ChocoFall Factory”.

A guy named Varun (30yrs old) comes to know about this demolition of the the graveyard and tries to contact madan to stop this unkindness. Varun visits madan in his office.

Varun : In this whole earth you found only graveyard to  make chocolates. This is unfair please stop this.

Madan : It doesn’t matter, I bought the adjacent land near the graveyard so I need the graveyard and bought that also. It has been closed 10 years  ago and its just useless.

Varun : Does your chocolate useful, your company useful and what about you?. Never ever say that word. My friends are buried there, my family is there. Many peoples love are buried there. Don’t  Do it.

Madan : I decided and bought. No second thoughts. If you want their decays, then just grab every tomb and place it somewhere.

Varun : No second thoughts?

Madan : You can go now.

varun slams the door and leaves.

At 8pm same day. Varun goes to madan’s house after knowing that he is staying alone. He enters before madan and waits for him to arrive. Once he arrived he slams his head with a bat and injects sleeping dose and places him inside the graveyard.

Now:

Madan recollects and became furious and wanders to escape but fails and sits on a tomb. In paper it was written that “Reach Every Tomb”. So he starts to walk and in light he sees that every-tomb has a paper and a chocolate.

1st Tomb : Boy named Sunil died at the age of  5 due to cancer. When the boy started to know the world, his life ended. His mother visits every year to shed her tears. This boy was the reason behind the life of many souls. Because of his death, his parents started Sunil Foundation for helping Cancer Patients.

Deep silence.

2nd Tomb : Sheela aged 20 died by gang rape by 6 Males( *******). Beautiful, clever and 1st Engineering graduate from the village near by was a victim for Sex. Her death became a big issue and lead to the “Sheela Women safeguard law” to save and penalize men doess sexual harassment or molestation. If she was alive she would have been a mother one or two. But now she is a mother millions of girls and women.

Hands shaking.

3rd Tomb : Stephan committed suicide because he failed his dream to pursue his parents dream. Stephan had a different vision and dream to pursue. He wanted to become a photo-journalist for Nat Geo or Discovery. He learned many things related to photo-journalism on his own but his parents wanted him to be a doctor. His idea was rejected and he joined the medical college. Now he is no more.

Chocolate fell from hand.

4th Tomb : 6Tombs attached together. 6 friends left the world together when they tried to save their friend “Varun”. My friends gave this life to me and now its my turn to give it back. Six. Arjun, Mohammed, Albert, Sen Singh, Maheela, Prateek.

Tears Emerging.

5th Tomb : My Dad. He thought me everything. He died as a Good dad and i also want to die as a good son. He will guide me until i die. Love you Dad.

Tears atlast.

Madan lays-down in thoughts.

After sometime he goes to every tomb.

Tombs for couple,  farmer suicide,  patriots, animals, bad guys, disease, common people and goes on. Also one giant tomb for people died of malnutrition, hunger, unhygienic foods . Tomb for natural calamity . Every tomb with a story.

At-last he ends with a last tomb. Empty tomb for Varun with a Key and Paper inside. “one day I will sleep here,  if you permit”.

Madan eats his final chocolate and unlocks his chain with the key.

Now its 6am next day.

After few minutes, madan starts to walk. He came out of the graveyard and took the board displaying  “This property belongs to ChocoFall Factory”.

Continues his walk.

__END__

