This short story is selected as 

 Apr’2013 and won INR 1000 (US $20)

This story is selected as 

Short Story – Diary of a Perilous Man

Photo credit: 

 from 

 

The guilt has possessed me again. If it hadn’t been the troubling part we could have been the best friends. What a companion it has been!!!; always there, never caring I didn’t need him that much. When I opened my eyes today I saw a mosquito sitting on my left forearm, at peace. It must have been sleeping, for it was dead still and the day hadn’t set in yet. I kept staring at it and there I saw his peace; a peace that violated me, a peace that became the reason for his destruction. My other hand moved with not fury or anger but with malice and it struck into that life; and right there I liberated it from its sufferings (I am not sure if it wanted that freedom but these precariousness always lingers).

Does that make me evil? I thought but couldn’t come to any conclusion and so I diverted my thought towards the news that I read yesterday about a young boy who killed his fellow mate at his workplace and ran straight to the police telling them the whole story. The guilt might have had him too but do actions coerced by guilt confer a better ending? I don’t know. He was sent to the juvenile jail; whatever they might teach him it shouldn’t be about finding peace, because if it is, his destruction is imperative. You see, I’ve been at peace for years and slowly I have felt my own demise. I fail to understand why everyone seeks for peace? Peace belongs to the end. Never mind, I got up from the bed and went through the monotonous routine of ablutions and then waited for the breakfast to arrive. I was up early today and so didn’t really knew what to do with this morning. I looked outside and kept looking until my void reverie was broken by the knock at the door. The grimace looking young boy brought the breakfast and along with it a letter! I can tell you, in these sterile years of my illness many people have came by and spoken to me with their infallible words of grief and hope but never has a letter came. I opened the letter and was astounded to see that it was from a long forgotten friend whose name I somehow tend to remember but forming his image seemed an inconceivable task; so I bothered not. It read.

 

 

 

I went numb for a while after reading that letter; I stood and stared at it. A hero!!! These utterly futile years had compelled me to believe that life held no more purpose, that I was extending it for no meaning; and suddenly, I was a protagonist in someone else’s story. Who’s? My foe…. (Not now of course). What cruelty!!! all of the things desired by me were now in possession of someone else and by what means?!! God does make mistakes, I never had been a depraved man, never wished for ill of others ( just a few fights and abuses… but that’s bound to happen to a human… ), so what was I punished for? And why a man who intended to seek revenge with malice was rewarded? The truth as I see is existence in any form is meant to be miserable. I was completely rattled by the thoughts and I was envious of that man.

An act of my violence led to peace of someone else. ‘A cruel fate’ is all that I could conclude. A great energy was flowing into me; and now as I write I realize that it hasn’t happened for so many years now. I wanted to destroy everything and I wanted to see everything get destroyed. But then, again there was a knock on the door and again the grimace looking boy came in, this time to collect the plate. He saw the plate untouched and looked towards me; he must have seen the turbulence in my eyes for he just said “I’ll come in later” and left. I don’t know how but that boy calmed me, I strolled around the room a little with blank thoughts and then decide to eat. I kept the letter in a box in my cupboard and sat to eat. I didn’t do much after that.

I still don’t remember the reason of the fight but I do remember the incident. I didn’t intended to harm him to that effect I did, I regretted it soon after that incident ( but never reconciled with him ) but I don’t regret it now for how could he have achieved what he has now. I hope you live with joy my friend.

 So long.

__END__

