Short Story – Umang

Photo credit: 

 from 

(This is a story of a thirteen year old boy. His life is like a hide and seeks game between Happiness and sadness. The death of his mother at his early age brings a turning point in his life. This paraphrase is the success story of Umang from this roller coaster of his life.)

Umang is a thirteen year old member of a middle class family, slim and short in height; his family comprises of teacher parents, an elder sister and a younger brother. The entire family is living their life in peace and harmony but destiny has its own plan.

One day Umang’s father leaves outstation with some work and the ill faith strikes the family. Umang’s mother a beautiful thirty-five year old lady gets a stoke and collapses, scared by the situation and leaving his sister and brother near their mother Umang runs to seek help from his neighbors and relatives but it becomes late and all the helpless kids watch their mother breathing her last in front of their eyes, crying all night poor Umang waits for his father to arrive. Next day his father arrives and the mother’s body is taken for cremation.

Being the elder son Umang has to perform all the final rites of his mother, though difficult to absorb the shock he performs the rights crying endlessly. The people at the crematorium ask Umang to make arrangements of tea for the people who have come for his mother’s cremation, taken aback by this poor Umang crying explores for the arrangements with only one complain that why nobody understands his agony.

He wants to remain in front of the burning pier of his mother whom he loved the most. Agonized by his ill faith Umang decides to become a doctor as he does not want the same faith of losing the loved once in front of once eye being helpless. He studies day and night to achieve his goal to become a doctor.

Being a middle class boy he started teaching students and from his fees took care of all his educational expenses giving a helping hand to his father. He not only achieved his dream but also got a gold medal in his batch. He kept his promise of helping the needy and spreading happiness in their lives. He also made his family proud and happy. He became an example of perseverance and hard work. He proved the world that nothing is impossible to achieve.

This story is not a fiction but a true incidence in the writer’s father’s life, it is a respect given by the writer to her father.

__END__

