Short Story – The Dark Night

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was almost ticking 8 15 pm. everyone from the head quarters had left for the day. Amongst 7 other people, Maria was still completing her pending work that was given by her boss. A message on her cell phone blinked

“Still how much mre time ??”

By then she had already 8 missed calls, 147 messages from 5 conversations and 12 messages. This was routine for Maria especially when it was nearing weekends. Perhaps Maria never knew that this Friday could turn her life apart.

She stepped out her cabin, locked the drawer and made a move towards the biometrics punched her log out details. As usual the security guard gave her a smile that she kindly ignored.

Walking down the street she put her ear phones on. Maria was walking towards the metro station which was nearly fifteen minutes away from the office. 9 45 pm was the last metro to her destination. She walked briskly and climbed the stairs. She reached almost four and a half minutes early.

The fight she had with Rupert in the morning was still running in her head. Though she enjoyed her favourite music she was not able to concentrate.

She knew that those 8 calls were from him. 140 messages were from him on whats app which read

Hi Maria .. Pls undastand m sorry xoxo ..

Hey u done !!!??

U there ??

:) :) :)  :0)  :)

No reply !..

Busy???

:( :( :( :(

She looked at these messages again and again. A tear ran through her cheek.

‘Hey maal’ kidhar ja rahi hain? Metro pe humre saath bataigi”.

Three baddies who resembled Bollywood goons were staring at Maria. She ignored. Various breaking news on harassment, rape running on TV Channels flashed in front of her eyes. She started walking backwards and in a filmy style the three followed.

A man standing with his wife suddenly interrupted them and said ‘Gentlemen leave this lady alone. Why do you want to behave in a rude manner?’

One among the three, a hot tempered took his knife and uttered “You B****** , when god has given you wife enjoy with her. If you are so much concerned about this girl then”…. he paused and made a small cut on his arm which started bleeding.

Looking at this Maria did not hesitate to step out of the metro station. She ran as fast as possible and crossed the road. Walked towards the other side , by then Maria didnot know where she was heading to.

A chai stall in the distance was the only hope. She quickly walked towards the stall. Suddenly a man aged about 45 years asked “ Arey madamji , what do you want? It’s almost time to close down the shop now”

A disturbed Maria didnot know what to say? She stood quietly looking towards both ends of the road. He came to her said “Madam this is not a safe place. Please make a move from here. You look so scared”

‘Thanks’ said Maria . She looked at the watch. It was nearly 9 p.m. A message on the mobile blinked “So .. Where you reached?”

Maria did not want to reply. She stood there for a moment broke down and sat on the nearby bench. Tears started flowing uncontrollably.

She recollected the early morning fight that hurt Maria very much. Rupert had availed a jewel loan and had concealed the matter. It was a wedding gift that he had received from his in laws. It was almost 3 weeks that he had availed this loan and hid this matter from her. Rupert was a small time voice over artiste earning thousands a week. His income was not stable. Despite opposition from parents Maria chose Rupert. She didnot heed to critics. She believed that Rupert would earn more and they would have a good living. It was all shattered. A heated argument between two , disappointment for both. Rupert even went to the extent to say “ I think you getting something extra apart from your salary. I cannot be you . Please understand. I cannot sell myself for a living “ he said in a harsh tone which hurt her more deeply.

A honk disturbed her flow of collection of events

A red colour car with parking lights and two men sitting inside asked ‘How much?’

Maria got up. She started to walk without giving a reply. One of them from the car immediately ran towards her, held her by the hand and pulled her. Maria shouted “ Leave me .. Help … Leave me .. You ..” he held her hand and closed her mouth with his fist and pushed her in the car.

The car went at great speed. For next 20 minutes Maria was forced to drink. She tried hard but was overpowered.

The car was taken to a secluded place near the beach. Maria rushed out and cried loud for help. The two looked like absolute villains who wanted to taste every bit of her.

 

Maria was clueless. She begged the two to leave her. The two laughed aloud and said “Enjoy your Friday. Bye “the duo said and left the place.

Maria saw around and she could see absolute darkness. She quickly removed her cell phone and tried reaching Rupert.

“Shit pick the call .. please please Pick the call”..

Rupert finally picks the call.

” Maria darling.. Where are you ?”

He could hear only cry and nothing else . “Maria what happened? where are you? tell me why are you crying?”

Maria narrates the events. Rupert asks her to walk a distance and wait for her.

The clock was ticking 12 pm by then. Maria walked the distance and found a taxi stand by the beach side. The sight gave her a sigh of relief. Few members were sitting and relaxing.

Maria was waiting . She clicked on to her gallery tab and recollected the beautiful things that Rupert had done for her. She sobbed and said to herself  ” thanks for keeping me happy.. Love you”

She waited and waited but there was no sign of Rupert.  It was almost 1 p.m and there were one or two people around.

She tried reaching Rupert many a time but his number was not reachable.

She finally decided to take a taxi. With all bold move she walked upto the taxi and said ,” Geetha Nagar, Hilton apartment”

He politely said ” Sit madam”

She reached home . The house was locked. There was no Rupert. His phone too was not reachable. She was worried.

she walked towards the Kitchen . She opened the Fridge to have some water. She found something unusual. A beautiful chocolate cake was waiting for her.

It read ‘ Happy Anniversary Wify 7 December’

The doorbell rang . She rushed towards it. She found that few policemen had come to her home. They said ” Mr. Rupert ?”

Maria said “Am Mrs Rupert. He is not at home . I had asked him to pick me”

‘We are sorry to say madam that your husband met with an accident and died on the spot. A speeding car hit the bike and he hit the divider. His head was injured and he died on the spot. The body is now at the hospital”

Maria was clueless. She spoke to him an hour back and now she heard that he is dead. She fell down on the sofa and had no words to say. There was no Rupert in her life

7th December was dark night for Maria..

__END__

