Social Short Story – Safety

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the story about the students who are staying outside their house either in the hostel or as a Paying Guest.My story is based on the fact that safety is required everywhere when we stay outside our house. Sometimes parents never know the fact which arises when their child staying outside their house.

Radhika was a girl who was studying and living in the hostel. She always ask parents for money in a large amount. Her parents were working and at higher position in their jobs. They never refuse to give her money because she was their only child.

One day, she asked Rs 10000 and then Rs 5000 next day. It was shocking for her parents because she knows the value of money and they used to submit her fees timely. But what was her problem?

Parents decided to meet her in the hostel. When they reached her room, they noticed that she was staying in very miserable condition. They surprised at her condition. They begun to ask her the reason behind her condition.

Radhika started crying and said ” I am an innocent girl. I can easily trust everyone.The daughter of hostel warden also studies in my class and she was my roommate also”.

Parents asked” But what is the reason for your condition?”

She begun to say ” I also liked her with her humerus and fun-loving nature . One day, she stole my money because I never kept the money locked like my house. She had stolen my money because she knows about the financial status of my family. Now she is blackmailing me.”

They asked ” What do you mean?How can she blackmailed you?”

Radhika replied ” She used to take drugs and her boy-friend lives in a bad company. One day, she decided to change the room because I used to wake up early in the morning and she wants to awake late in the morning.Indeed, she fixed a secret camera in my room and has changed the room.She has recorded the scenes of my changing clothes in the room by her secret camera”.

“Why?” they asked her daughter.

She said ” Because she knows about the financial status of my family. She always used to make me habitual of taking drugs. But I refused. She wants to extract money by blackmailing me because she wants to viral the video of my changing clothes, etc. How can I solve my problem?”

They consoled her daughter and said ” We will help you”.

One day, they came with some policemen with some lady police (who were wearing civil dresses) to meet with their daughter. The policemen started searching the hidden camera & when they got the camera, they arrested the daughter of hostel warden. When the hostel warden came to rescue her daughter, policemen warned her that she can also be arrested whether she knows about it or not because if she knows about it, then she is also involved with her daughter’s crime otherwise she has not performed her duties of a hostel warden.

Then the daughter of hostel warden was arrested by the police and the hostel warden was dismissed by the college for neglecting her hostel related duties.

–END–

