Short Story Social – Unforgettable Day

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

On a windy day, she kept walking along the street. Her heart inclined towards the park which she wanted to go with her parents all those years back. As the day was pleasant she couldn’t resist and stepped into it, only to see the happy couples with their children.

Series of thoughts flooded her mind as she started walking in the greens. Thinking of the day how excited she was when her dad promised to take them to the park, thinking how different it would have been if that one incident didn’t happen in her life and how merrily she would have been here today with 

 family.

Her dad was the best person she had known, her hero, her inspiration, her support. Her mother is the sweetest person, that love and care which her mother showers on her is beyond measurable. She always doubted if she could ever take care of her children like the way her mother takes care of her.

That day she returned home from school to witness her parents shouting and screaming at each other. This wasn’t new to her as she had been used to those from years. But the quarrel that day was beyond verbal abusing. Her dad lost his temper and thrashed his wife. Being fragile,mother succumbed to ground.Tears started flowing down and she rushed in help of her mother. He pulled his daughter away and resumed beating until his rage subsided. Though that trashing ended that day, it repeated every other month.

The person whom she considered as the best, the person whom she thought as her hero is no longer the same in her eyes. The belief which she had that every male in the world is as good natured as her dad is broken. When a person whom she had known for years and in whom she had immense trust could be so different from what she had understood, she wondered how cruel a stranger can be.

Even today, after 20 years from that incident happened she could not trust a person enough to get married. Afraid that one day even he could turnout like her dad-a best father but a worst husband!!

–END–

