Short Story – The invention of wheel…

Photo credit: 

 from 

The story I am going to narrate is very old.

About 6000 years like the gold…

People may call it a myth.

But it is real, almost most of it…

And maybe you have heard it before.

Or maybe you are not so sure…

Let’s begin…

 

Four rulers existed to rule over the entire planet earth.

Two among them bowed before the One Spirit from their birth.

And the other two – title of infidelity they bore.

Claiming themselves to be God they tortured people to the core.

And one among those two wraths was Namrud.

The one who claimed to be God and chose to be against the only truth…

The villain of our story he does remain.

With ‘fruit’ rhymes in the verses his name…

Let me first tell you how he was terminated.

 

With treasures he was swallowed by earth, all unexpected…

Now if you find any treasures underground don’t be glad.

Those are the curses of many people very bad…

This is not important as to he was doomed or not.

Our story here is confined to how the wheels we got…

He ruled, and ruled as a king.

And God had to play a game with him.

 

It is said that God gives to his nemesis all sorts of powers they ask…

And all of their ruthlessness he masks…

Now God did something similar.

He brought drought to the lands of the betting challenger.

And as a result of which people came to Namrud, begging for food.

And he asked them to bow before him and accept him to be God, the only good.

Blackmail huh? Why not?

If they didn’t they would be killed or die of drought.

 

Though people did know the plain truth.

They wanted the berry without plucking the pale fruit…

That’s not of main concern for us right now.

A man lived in Namrud’s territory who in front of him didn’t quiet bow…

He called him and asked him to bend.

This is where our hero takes an entry marking the villain’s end.

His name is Abraham and Abraham it remained.

 

When asked to bow, to god he praised –

“God is the one who gives life and death to people.

I bow only before him, even if I am made a cripple.”

Namrud listened to him, and called a chap.

He ordered his people to kill him and proudly clap.

And so was his will done.

To that fool killing was fun…

And then he called a man who was sentenced for execution.

And spared his life without repentance from prosecution…

And so he said –

“I spared life of a man who was supposed to die.

So I gave him life and that is not a lie…

And I gave death to a person who was supposed to be breathing.

So that makes me your God without any cheating…”

 

Intelligent reply baffled thee right?

Indeed God had made him awfully bright…

God blessed him with the vast kingdom.

With it he granted him some of the wisdom…

But Abraham was not the one to listen,

After all he is hero in the mission,

He said –

“My God is the one who raises sun from the east,

And gives life and death to humans and all the beasts,

And sets the sun in the west,

Unto him belongs all the rest…”

 

And now Namrud knew he couldn’t do it.

When a person becomes desperate, with anger he is lit…

He wanted to prove something.

What?

“I will kill your God,” he declared.

An idea to make a big bow and arrow he shared.

And so it was done.

The arrow was pointed vertically to the blues, to kill the one.

And on his orders it was shot.

 

Anger made the surroundings even more hot.

Up above the clouds so high,

Like a rocket in the skies…

A bird happened to pass above.

May be it was an eagle or a crow…

The arrow hit the poor bird very hard.

Cursed the bird to the king from its very heart…

And finally the arrow fell down,

Gummed with the bird’s blood, red and brown…

 

Looking at the blood on the arrow Namrud said, –

“Look at this, your God is dead.”

Now you…

Don’t ‘you’ feel like rolling on the floor and laughing?

When a person drinks a high dose of power he acts insanely shocking…

I hope that dumb idiot knew the truth and was only making fool out of others.

I hope he saw the arrow glued with the bird’s feathers.

That would be a real shame for the people of earth.

Namrud had left a permanent stain even on the dirt…

 

When aliens rewind the history of earth and found this fool’s act.

They would laugh at homo-sapiens and their alliance they will retract…

“Now do you bow before me?” asked Namrud.

“No,” said Abraham as he knew the truth…

And so the King lost mind war with Abraham and ordered for his killing.

He wanted to set an example so that no one dares to stand against his willing.

He ordered to make a fire so huge and dense,

That the whole world had never seen even once…

The word spread, people gathered wood and all the burning things from everywhere.

 

It went to an extent that the defiant people started making deal with God thinking its fair –

And so goes the deal…

If their wish be done,

They would donate wood for Abraham to burn…

Well what did they reason?

God who made the whole universe would have no wood in this season…

Like many people now do.

If I pass in exam, I would light a candle in church and be true.

I would donate to the tomb a sheet and sacrifice a sheep.

I would break coconut plenty and make a heap…

Well why does God need your favor?

As if he has lack of light he would need candle of your flavor.

As if he feels cold he would need your sheets.

As if he likes coconut and your sheep’s.

Why blackmail God when you don’t fear?

People always remain the same even after thousand years.

 

Now, what happened?

The fire was huge, touching the skies.

The radiations and heat of it spread miles far with the people’s cries.

And now a major problem arose.

A problem that the King who claimed to be god didn’t see even from close…

Abraham couldn’t be thrown into the inferno.

As the man who threw him would himself burn off.

No man did wish to take the risk.

People started thinking of ideas very soon and brisk.

Again word spread and a chaos multiplied amongst people.

So much trouble to kill one,

May be the king wanted publicity by slaying Azar’s Son. (Abraham’s dad was Azar.)

 

Now what?

The people started to give new ideas,

But all seemed to fall in debris.

That’s where our master of all the villains jumps in –

He is known as Satan also sometimes Mr. Devil…

He wanted the Godly person to die,

And so he put an idea in a man’s evil mind.

Idea of making a device that when pushed would carry Abraham to his destiny.

It was world changing Idea of the wheel.

For one to understand God’s doing is very hard.

If Abraham was his servant why give idea so smart…

Unclothed Abraham was pushed towards fire,

And while on his journey for his help angels appeared.

 

Every time Abraham would reject their help saying,

“God’s there to protect me, you don’t interfere in this occurring.”

Now God helped Abraham as by faith he sought,

The help from his only lord…

The ability of fire to ‘burn things’ was taken away by God.

The defiant people thought Abraham was dead and rot.

The fire cooled and became one of the gardens from the heavens.

Latter they all saw him fresh to realize power of the creator of all the sevens.

God wanted to show his strength,

If he grants power to something he can take that power back in seconds.

Fire is a symbol of great heights,

But in front of God, its nails it bites’…

There’s a great message for those who show arrogance,

It’s of no use before God and his brilliance…

That’s the reason God wanted Abraham to be thrown in fire,

And so idea of wheel he put in mind of the biggest liar…

Well there goes as to why and when the wheel was invented.

Now you know the real reason behind it, as was intended…

__END__

