Short Story with Moral Lesson – Heaven’s Gate

Heaven’s Gate – Short Story with Moral Lesson

The heaven, as some say, is accessible to some people even if they are alive; only that their actions must demonstrate their worth for this blessing.

This happened in heaven. One day God found the Angel of Death lost in a deep meditation. That was unusual about the angel of death. He was ever vigilant, ever present, though hiding from ordinary eyes, ever terrifying.

“What are you thinking; you most exuberant of my creations?” God asked.

Shaken from his thought, the Death Angel fumbled: “Master, I was studying how emotions work in human beings.”

“And why is this befuddled expression on your face then?”

The Death Angel was quiet for sometime as if finding the right question like most of us do when we have to keep secrets.

“Father, I learned that emotions in human beings are not akin to expressivity. And then I tested them to understand if they mastered how to express their emotions.” He said.

“I saw your test, my child. Tell me what did you learn from it?” God asked.

“Lord, when I presented a man with wealth he cried bitter tears. I heard him say ‘what have I done that death itself has come to me.’ Another time, when I appeared to a woman and took her elder son’s life, she had a smile on her face, and I heard her whisper; ‘my son is in heaven’s gate’. I understood this lesson, O my Creator that different emotions are separated with a thin layer of wisdom and that anyone is prone to make mistakes in choosing the right one.”

God smiled at this. “There is one more thing,” God said.

“What my lord?” the Death Angel asked.

“Didn’t you see the beam of smile in the darkened hours of your nearness in that woman’s eyes whose son you had taken?”

“Yes.”

“She is one of those few humans who can see heaven while being alive. And she believes you are the golden gate to heaven for her son,” God said.

The Death Angel looked puzzled again, but then his face slowly lit up in the realization of what God was about to say.

“You are no source of fear any more.”

The Angel smiled. And there was a light upon his face that said it all. “How do you know O God, that I was depressed thinking why no one likes me and that I am a matter of terror for people?”

“You won’t understand,” God said with a smile in the corner of his lips.

The Death Angel was left with himself once again. And once again he lost himself in the maze of his own thoughts.

__END__

