Short Story – Thief Witted

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was the last day of the month. So Swapnil thought that he would be drawing some 15000 bucks from ATM for next month. He drew also the same and thought of returning home early with that sum.

However Swapnil got late at night. Even though he managed to reach his place without much tension, but from bus stop and his house was quite a bit distance, which was complete lonely and dark. Still then Swapnil gathered some courage and set off. After he went for some time, he suddenly realised that as he was scaring, the same thing happened. Someone is continuously following him.

First of all Swapnil thought that he might be another unfortunate guy like him, but coming in the same way as that of Swapnil for so long and moreover just vanishing on Swapnil’s turning back, just made him become a bit sure that the other person’s intentions are not good. He was just waiting for a place where there are less habitants, so that he could perform his operation on Swapnil, and then how much Swapnil would shout, noone would be able to hear him also.

Swapnil knew this very well and so thought that he has to apply some trick before reaching such a place itself. Suddenly a trick clicked Swapnil’s mind and he slowed down his pace a bit. He noticed that the guy behind him also had taken a side to hide himself. Swapnil started telling with such loudness that it would reach the thief’s ears at least who was hiding behind him.

“What’s that?” looking at the road just a meter away from where he was standing.

“O my God!! Its blinking. Hope what I am thinking, it’s not that. O no!! I am right. Its a bomb.”

And immediately kept his hand inside the pocket and started dialling a button of his cell phone he had in that pocket. Bip sounds started coming. He immediately turned back and in a bit shouting manner told

“Its a bomb, its about to burst withing another few minutes, as it has started giving bip sound. Run and run so far so that the explosion doesn’t harm us,” and started running.

He pretended to tell to all though it was lonely, as anyone usually would have done in fear, but his original intentions were to let the thief know. Immediately Swapnil saw the thief started running after him and with a pace more than him and crossed him and went away. Again as the thief crossed Swapnil, Swapnil immediately in his running mode again turned back and started running towards his house with a bit more pace. He safely reached home.

__END__

