Short Story of a Painter – Sky

Photo credit: 

 from 

He was a painter.  He had very few works to his credit.

At present, he is very much haunted by one of the creative images, which is taking all his time and energy.  He initiated giving rough outlines to it after thinking through for a long time.  It used to disturb him quite often.  It used to shake him completely.  It even started consuming not just his youthful days, but years.  At times, a single stroke used to take 2-3 years!  Colours blended with one another to give it a shape.  Many years passed by.  It also occurred to him, that many a times he used to come closer to his ‘work’ imagining something and would not able to go further, in fact he’s not even able to brush a stroke for years.

Until, it was one day…

That was supposed to be the day, on which the last stroke of the brush would possibly give birth to an image that had haunted him for such a long time!

After that final stroke on the canvass…He could see something emerging, something.., something was emerging….out of the canvass!!

And it it resembled a colourful peacock!!

What a beautiful peacock! With such splendid colours!!

He was moved so much by this sudden appearance.  It gave an impression, that it actually has life.

Dumbstruck he slowly moved towards the canvass….

It started taking the real shape of a peacock and it started moving slowly.  It jumped out of the canvass and slowly spread its wings and started dancing.

Oh! What a dance!  Shining wings!! bright colours! rhythmic movement of the peacock! That was just out of the world!

Once it started dancing, it filled the whole environment with so much of joy….. it looked as though happiness took the shape of a peacock and it started dancing..

Then it started taking off in the air,…as it moved ….   It gave an impression that it was the realization of joy!

When he came out of that mood, he started yelling-

‘Its Mine, Its Mine’

He continued to yell and started moving towards the peacock to get hold of it.

Peacock realized his intentions, started moving backwards hesitantly.  But the painter was not in a mood to understand that.  He started moving forward, it kept on moving backwards with apprehension.

It was completely shaken off and shouted –

“Don’t keep on yelling like this, Do not make an effort to catch hold.  This perception is yours, magical dance is mine.  Do not desire to have me.  Do not desire to touch or catch me.  If you desire to have me, it is going to be tragical ..!”

Painter became mad about it and replied-

“No.  No.  You’re mine and I want to you.”  He started running behind the peacock.

He started running and chasing it..

As he chased, it jumped into the air and took off ..…. it soared high.  It flew farther and higher and started extending it self over the sky ..

All the colours of the peacock started getting blended into one…All the colours blended and it become deep bl..ue.

It turned in to 

 over his head.

__END__

