Short Story – God’s angel (brightening my life)

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Aha! Wow!  So soft,  very cute.  Just want to cuddle it. So small legs,  just look at her hands, her eyes, her face, her lips, her fingers, her___.” The  words were flooding out  from the mouth of  ASHA, the new mother of a tiny daughter.  And   UTKARSH   was just staring  at  them uninterruptedly and speechlessly. He was not speaking anything but his eyes had spoken more than his words. The moment was auspicious. It was unforgettable. It was humble and  very precious as they became parents after ten years of their marriage.

ASHA was yet to come to terms with the reality that really she was blessed with the gift of the Lord. She and UTKARSH were overwhelmed with the the feeling, that was sacred  and worth sharing.

Sudden tears of joy had wiped of their tears, which were  due to their frequent check ups, consequent visits to the doctor, taunts of their family and friends and above all the suggestions and the remedies, which all seemed so fruitless. Their unconditional love for each other and trust in their relationship had helped them sail through that difficult phase. They were there with each other, when it was needed, the most.

Their loving silence was interrupted by the entry f their well wishers into the small and compact room. The room suddenly got filled upto the brim and still other were pouring in. The faces of the  people were bright and gay as they were quite happy for the family. But some other faces were also there, who were trying to darken the atmosphere with their evil  thoughts.  Asha’s aunt said, “A girl ! A boy is needed at this time.” Utkarsh’s  uncle commented,”   Well,  atleast they now have a child, but they should have adopted a boy instead.”

Yes, it was an adopted girl on whom they were showering their unconditional love. The sudden reply of Utkarsh locked all the malign lips.

He said,”The world starts with a girl. The family is incomplete without a girl. The girl, now has the power to transform everything into a charismatic thing, be it, on home front or at the professional front. And adoption, why it is always blacklisted? Love can be shared only if we have it, otherwise not.The child is a child, we just need to see the child as ours. Your biological child can also go astray, if he does  not get the  love and trust of the members of the family. So I and Asha are proud to have our God’s angel, who has brightened our lives, undoubtedly. And we prmise to give her our undivided, impartial attention.”

Nobody was saying anything, but the heads were moving in affirmative.

Well said, Utkarsh. Isn’t it?

__END__

