Short Story on Social Issue – CV or CU later?

Short Story Social Issue – CV or CU later?

Photo credit: 

 from 

We are never short of desires. And to fulfill them we need money. This vicious circle of many desires can’t keep us away from working for a monthly income for a very long time. I am done with being jobless. I need a job to finish my personal goals. I have already taken ten prints of my CV on which I have worked very very hard. I revised it more than the exam papers in my board exams. It pains to mail it across and have no reply for it. It pains even more when someone, instead of reading, in spite of having a copy in hand, asks me to explain everything.And when I do, they reply, “Say something that’s not mentioned in your CV.” I react in mind saying, “Did you read anything at the first place?!?” Assuming the answer to be no, I go on explaining the very same stuff that is mentioned in the CV. Apathy you see.

Worst even, when the copy makes its way to the stack of papers and is forgotten about. The piece of paper that has your credentials written on it, is thrown away. Nothing matters to them.

To top the trouble, lousy recruiters from some unheard agencies with a barely correct spoken English, call you without understanding your merits/skills for the most unfit job. They do not even attempt to understand. It is a sad state of affairs to have manpower being traded and sold like fast moving consumer goods. It is just about targets and commission for them.

For desperate job seekers it is a matter of getting a dream job which may become a miss due to recruiter’s inability to understand closely resembling job sectors or skills.

In one such experience, I got a call from a recruiter for the position of corporate communication in a top rated company. In spite of mentioning very clearly about my journalistic background in my CV, she kept on asking if I was from press? Eventually, I guess, she found me unfit for the job for reasons only best known to her and her limited knowledge. In such a scenario, how do I find someone to discuss my desired profile?

Each time I tweak my CV, I hope this is the last time I am working on it. The wait never ends and the rejections go longer. My CV, just like me, will someday find the right admirer. I wish! I hope and I pray!

__END__

