Short Story with Moral Values – GITIKA : The Song of Inspiration

Short Story with Moral Values - GITIKA : The Song of Inspiration

Rohit was the boy who was gifted with the most beautiful gift from God. The gift of music. There was something in his voice that charmed everyone. But he was like a workman without his tools, like a boy who was definitely intelligent but ignorent.

He belonged to a middle class family, a joint family. His parents had enough money to give him good education, good food, stylish clothes, and other things but no rich to send him for music classes. That was an extra affair. But this could not bound Rohit to stay away from his talent. Somehow, on his own he learned to play the instruments, furnished his voice like a velvet which was so soft. He dreamt for becoming one of the best singers but how was this possible without a chance.

But opportunities comes, they knock at the door and this time it knocked the door of Rohit’s life.

One day when he was going back to his home after the college, passing throught the college corridors he was just glancing at the notice board, who knew that this glance of his is going to catch the opportunity for which he was waiting from a very long time. There was a notice that read about a musical competition.

He was thrilled and decided to take part in the competition.

He was trying to compose a new song for the competition but he was not able to do so. At home, all his younger siblings will hover around him. And other times he was either in college or in coaching.

“Yash, I don’t think so that I am going to win this competition.”

“Why Rohit? You are so talented and you were waiting for this from a long time. Now what happened?”

“I want peace to compose a music. A my-alone-time! At home thats not just possible. Sometimes having a joint family becomes a great disadvantage.”

“I have a solution to youtr problem. My flat is vacant. You can go there and practice and compose.”

“Thanks a lot.”

Rohit went to the flat. He took on his guitar and played on. It continued for many days yet he was not out with even a single new line. Now only one week was left. He was worried, totally depressed, praying to God to help him.There was a knock on the door. Rohit was startled because the knock interrupted his thoughts.

‘Who it could be?’ he thought.

He went to open the door.

What he saw was the most beautiful scene. There was a girl at the door and she was very beautiful. She was so angelic.

“Who are you?” Rohit asked.

“I am Gitika. I live there at the corner appartment. Actually I am hearing a music from many days. Is that you who is playing on the song?”

“Yah actually I am preparing for a competion.”

And he told the whole story to her.

“Well I agree, the tone was very monotonous. But if you don’t mind, can I help you?”

Rohit ws shocked that a girl who was a stranger to him was being so frank to him. But he agreed.

Gitika took the guitar and played a tune. Rohit was stunned to hear it. He never heard such a beautiful song ever before.

This continued for the next one week. Gitika used to come and used to teach him. They also became good friends.

“Gitika, tomorrow is my competition. Will you come?”

“I could not promise you but I will try”

“T’ll waiting for you and thanks a lot Gitika for teaching me this tune.”

“Your welcome and best of luck. I know you will win”

Rohit went to the competition and won it. He was so happy. Now he would be able to fullfill his dream. He got a break and a chance to release his own album. he would be the rockstar. But his eyes was searching for the person who was the real reason for his victory.

But the search was in vain. So he went to the flat to tell her the good news and to scold her for not coming. He called her name but she did not come.

He went to her house. He never visited her before. He called her knocked on the door but there was no reply. He realized that the door was locked.

Then an old man came and asked him.

“What happened son? Whom are you calling?”

“Uncle actually I came for Gitika. Today was my competition and I won it. I came to thanks her”

“What is the address?”

“This only. She lives here”

“Here? Since when?”

“That I don’t now uncle but I met her yesterday”

“Yesterday? How is that possible. I think you have got the wrong address because this house is vacant since many years”

Now Rohit was in utter confusion. He thought how could he be wrong? This was the right address. He thought of finding her but that was also not possible because neither did he had her phone number nor her photograph.

Now after so many years, Rohit has become a sucessfull singer and runs his own music company. He has named his company Gitika. He believes that Gitika was the angel sent by God to help him, she was his inspiration. Now whenever he composes a new song, he thinks of her, of how calmy and graciously she used to teach him. How her songs came staright from her heart.

Readers, I too believe that in all our lifes we have inspirations. The only thing is that we need to keep faith and find that inspiration. Take the first step in faith. You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step…..

__END__

