A Short Story Remembrance – The Fall

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Another fall….Yet another memory!” Steve thought.

The lonely man has dug a small but deep grave.

He looked sideways. Two graves lay beside, his parents’.

The gusts of wind have rained down beautiful coloured autumn leaves on those graves,on behalf of their son, it seems.

 

He had always loved the fall. The fall was the only witness to his parent’s blissful marriage. Moreover he was born in a fall.

“Down, down,

Yellow and brown,

Fall the leaves

All over the ground.

Rake them up

In a pile so high,

They almost reach

Up to the sky”

As a child he had sung that rhyme while raking the fallen leaves.

After that the fall had gone on a long trip from Steve’s  life.

He travelled for study and job, married Amy.

Once he had told Amy “ I love fall the most, it is stunningly beautiful!”

Amy had replied disdained, “Fall? Progressively disappointing! I hate it!”

Being poles apart their marriage had turned out to be a match made in hell, as the unnoticed falls passed.

 

Nine years ago fall had brought Spike, the dog, into his parents’ as well as his empty  life.

The old couple and their childless son had seen life again.

More than a pet, Spike was a loyal companion and the beloved child of the family.

Two years ago when Steve had lost his mother, his father was no more the same. But Spike had taken charge of his master since then and accompanied him everywhere.

During the last fall Steve’s father gave in to death and was buried beside his wife.

Spike had always found resting place between the graves of his old master and mistress.

Steve spoke only to Spike. Other times an awkward silence defeated him.

This fall Spike has left to join his master and mistress, leaving Steve forever lonely.

 

Steve took the casket out of the car. He thought that was needed for a proper burial.

“Come on boy, tell them I will join them soon!”

He put Spike carefully in the casket and put it in the grave.

 

He looked into grave and tears flowed down his cheeks.

Should there be a eulogy or a prayer?

He whispered,

“God, you can see my heart,as heavy as lead,as I stand here to bury my Spike,

 For the rest of my days I will remember, his company, fidelity and loyalty!

That’s all what I have got to ponder

 Death comes to all, I wish mine came soon

 May Spike sleep on in eternal slumber in my parents’  loving care.

 Rest in peace Spike!”

Steve started filling the grave. He didn’t toss a handful of earth into the grave to symbolize the closure of his relationship with Spike.Certain relationships can’t have a closure too!

He had gathered some dead flowers for the dead and placed them on the graveside.

A gentle breeze passed consoling Steve.

He stared at the empty space near the three graves and sighed.

“May be in the next fall!”

__END__

