Social Short Story – Wit to Become Rich

Photo credit: 

 from 

Swapnil and Kharen were very good friends of each other from very childhood. They were of same age. Swapnil actually used to work in Kharen’s house. Kharen like all other normal rich boy was getting all needs fulfilled along with education. Swapnil never dreamt about so even. Mostly because of this, Kharen showed some pity on Swapnil and always used to take him wherever he went. Swapnil somewhat became body guard of Kharen. Kharen never showed that in front of anybody. He always tried to treat Swapnil as one of his best friend or brother, but may be because his conscience always knew the fact that Swapnil is their servant and he is much low in levels than Kharen in terms of status, needs getting fulfilled and education, it used to depict that picture time and again without anyone’s knowledge.

Even when they grew up and were ready to earn, Kharen thought of buying one bus and do business. Kharen thought of keeping one driver but also to show pity thought to appoint Swapnil as its conductor. Swapnil till today never felt bad that Kharen used to show pity on him. May be because he was too small to mind then for a reason like this. But now he has his own personality. He has prestige. May be Kharen is rich and well educated than Swapnil, but Swapnil also tasted money with his own hand even from then when Kharen still couldnt get rid of milk bottle completely. He knows this world as an earning point may be much better than what Kharen knows. So Kharen could have asked his opinion. But he almost ordered Swapnil to do, knowing that Swapnil would not say no to that, trying to make Swapnil feel how much Kharen cares for him when in true Kharen actually wanted Swapnil to realise that without Kharen and his family Swapnil is just nothing in this world even in terms of earning.

Swapnil took a challenge to earn more than Kharen and show him. He is a old player anyway in this earning field. So truly he has much more knowledge and experience how to earn more. He quickly had a chat with the driver and within couple of months the difference could be well noticed.

What Swapnil and the driver planned was anyway Kharen is going to pay something to them at the end of the month, but that too may be depending on the profit. But why not they would pick up passengers, and then before reaching the destination, few stops before, they would pretend as if the bus has broken down and they would return some part of the money to the passengers and take back the tickets from them. As a result of which the amount left over after returning to the passengers is completely extra in their pocket as the tickets are with them as well. Kharen would never know about the extra amount in their pocket counting the tickets. Common passengers were also happy with a bit less fare than it would have originally costed them, they reached to some point even though not to their destination.

“Sir may I get a job of a driver or a conductor in your newly bought bus”, Kharen losing everything he had begged to Swapnil in a weak, very soft and kind voice.

__END__

