Short Story Moral – Following Heart…

Photo credit: 

 from 

Few days back, I used to spend a quiet time over a bench of beautiful garden near my apartment. Apart from scenic beauty, I found number of kids used to practise their stunts in skateboards.

Once, I remember a scrawny white boy trying a flip trick (action performed to rotate in air by pressing a tail of skate with a backfoot to get front wheels leave the ground first for the stunt). Unfortunately, he felt terribly in ground and found himself lying there for few moments. Around 8-9 of his peers watched him fall and started laughing and enjoying his downfall. When all his peers found him lying in the ground for more than 20-30 seconds, couple of them came forward for help and lifted him up but couldn’t yet control their laugh. They made a mockery of his attempt. Huh! I can’t forget the face of that little boy, it turned red instantly and he seemed very angry. Although, he was quiet and tried to bear all the fun made of him.

Next day, I saw that boy again but this time, along with a skateboard, he had a small bandage in his hand. He looked quiet and was not trying a flip trick with his skateboard, fearing that he may fall and would be a matter of laugh again. However, he was doing a simple smooth skate for the rest of the day and he followed same routine for few of the subsequent days as well.

After a week, I have found him coming a bit early to garden and practise alone, a fliptrick and I was stunned to see him fall numerous times trying to get right something. It seemed that he was passionate about doing some stunt which he had in his mind. Me being unsure of what he was doing, I just focused on other interesting things which were apparent to my eyes.

Moreover, just after an hour, his friends joined him and they were playing together joyously. Suddenly, I found him accelerating the speed of his skateboard and passing his friends with a buzz signalling that today he’ll do something more which is expected out of him. His friend increased their speed as well to give him competition. The said small competition amongst kids grabbed my eye ball for a while. The kid who had fallen before, had different sense of seriousness in his eyes today. As he wanted to prove something. He looked more careful, responsible and serious and than sooner the time came when I found him jumping in the air with his skateboard and rolling like a cyclone in the air and coming back to his skateboard again. I thought WOW.

Most of the people in the garden who watched it remained stunned for few moments. Thereafter, everyone applauded and appreciated him but he remained busy in skating unbothered for a while and kept on skating. Later on few of his peers came to him for his advice to help them in getting their moves right. During the conversation with his colleagues, his eyes sparked confidence, pride and deep satisfaction. I left these beautiful creatures and walked back home thinking –

Terrific – the challenge this little kid posed for himself, he has achieved it. Hmmm! this situation has a similarity with our lives as well. There are certain things which we really want to do from the core of our heart but we can’t do it because we’re not, may be, very good at it. Hence, we stop trying due to multitudinous surrounding fears. Most common ‘how he/they will think?’ and we compromise. Slowly it becomes our habit to compromise. Sad… Sad… Sad…

However, still there are few exists, who are really passionate about what they are doing and keep on following the direction suggested by their heart and battle out most hurdles in their way, head on, in a hope to chase something which they truly wants. They have a belief that they’re capable of reaching that part which their mind has perceived.Yes, I’ve seen their ways are not smooth and stable, and at times, really wierd which opens up a gate for loads of aspersions thrown over them. But, yes they keep on moving, moving ahead crossing various milestones in their way in order to achieve a target which their heart had setted for them.

These are some special genes who follows their heart and not their brain. As brain generally brings you mind blowing pay checks but a person who follows their heart and gets to the place which he believes he deserve, brings him a deep sense of satisfaction. I have seen that the eyes of such champions reflects the spark of their ambitions and they chase it passionately which makes them a class apart.

These people are least bothered about money but more concerned about winning each challenge which they poses for themselves and that give them immense pacification in their life.

Slowly, this habit dissolves in their personality and makes them really big.

I have observed this scenario in the case of Sachin Tendulkar and Ranbir Kapoor. They are so humble and grounded but their work talks for them. Salute… and they inspire me a lot…

