Short Story with Moral Lesson – UNMARRIED MOTHER

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was a shiny day, Riya was very happy that her English teacher Mala had come to live in her society. She liked her English teacher too much. She told her mother to cook some special food for her teacher because she shifted her room that day and had to arrange her room. Then definitely she would not have time to cook food. So Riya’s mother cooked kheer, puri for her teacher. Riya took food and went her teacher’s home with her mother.

When she knocked the door they heard a weeping voice of a child. Her mother asked Riya was your teacher married?

“No mamma, “she replied.

Her teacher opened the door. She carried a one year old girl in her lap. Riya gave her food . Teacher said,

“oh! dear thank you. Why you did this? I would cook food after arranging room.”

“No mam no problem its my pleasure”

She replied and introduce her mother to her teacher, Mala. Her mother wanted to asked, whose child was that but she did not asked. She thought may be that child was Mala’s relative. Any way they returned home.

Day passed away, Five months had passed. Teacher lived with her daughter alone. No one would come to meet them.

 Slowly slowly people were started to talk bad about Mala. They said she was unmarried woman who had a illegitimate child. She was a characterless woman but Mala did not replied anyone and did her work silently.

One day a group of some people had come to Mala’s home. She was not at home that time. People took her things one by one and through it outside of room. After some time Mala came and saw all her things had spread on road. She asked them that why they did that.

One of them came to rush and said it is a society of cultural people, there was no need to live a characterless woman like you. You have to leave this society now. We did not want that our daughter would become a characterless like you. Mala could not understand any thing and asked why you people said me characterless. What is my fault?

Then one man said you are unmarried woman and had an illegitimate child. Then Mala understand all matter and said,

“Oh! there was a big misunderstanding, its true that I am an unmarried girl and I had a daughter. But she is not illegitimate child. She is my daughter but I hadn’t given birth to her. I found her in a dustbin of road side. She was crying loudly but no one would have courage to take her home. She is a part of this world. but what her fault. She was innocent.Then why she had to pay. I could not stopped myself to take her my home. Then I decide I would take care of her. I am an Orphan and I know what is pain to be an orphan. So my daughter is neither an illegitimate nor an orphan. I will marry only that person who will agree to take her responsibility also. Otherwise I can manage it alone and I do not need any one.”

Then people felt guilty and say sorry to Mala and took back all her things in to her home.

__END__

