[

: A Little Boy who Liked Red Balloons – A Short Story]

A Little Boy who Liked Red Balloons - A Short Story

He stood by the entrance by the rustic iron doors listening to the sights and sounds of the fair. Wonderland had come to town. There was a lot of hustle and bustle with lots of laughter of chirpy children and the hoarse voice of the bangles salesman selling his merchandise to colourfully clothed women frisking each other to get the best of the bangles. Amidst the chaos and chitter chatter he could hear the sounds.

He loved the red big balloon. He mustered all his courage and slowly walked upto the balloon salesman and gently patted the man on his side and whispered ,“How much for the red balloon?”

“Five rupees for one” , and ignored the tiny figure and shouted aloud.

The little boy counted the loose change he had in his hand. One , two, three, four rupees in one rupee coins.He could hear the tinkle as he counted.He took a deep breath and wondered if he could buy one of those balloons today .

He often thought what happened to the those Red Balloons when they go up . Do they go up to the skies and become like the red morning sun  all bright and shining . He vaguely remembered the red hot sun . He then let out a sigh thinking the big round thing would go up and meet his parents who were up there amongst the red sun and shiny twinkling stars .

Flustered he drew all his energy and waited by the rustic iron door with his arms outstretched and shouted on the top of his voice in his melodious of voices “ In the name of God give a penny to the blind little boy  and God would make all you wishes come true.” He sang following every footstep he could hear walk past . He tugged  at every scented woman’s sari and asked for that last one rupee that would make his day to buy that red balloon he longed for since morning .

Suddenly he heard a tinkle in his outstretched hands . A woman had dropped a rupee coin in his palms . He screamed in joy for now he could buy his red balloon .

He followed the balloon man’s voice and reached upto his shirt and tugged once more.

“Here’s five rupees. I want the brightest of the balloon – A shiny red one .”

He handed over the five coins of one rupee each .

As the man handed over  the balloon to him , he heard a familiar voice . The voice of Rustum who collected the money from all the beggar children outside Wonderland . He savored a moment and felt the smoothness of the Red balloon against his dusky left cheek

He knew it was coming .

“How much did you make today?” , gruffed Rustam .

“Fi….five rupees “ , he gasped .

“Hand me over the money”, Rustam snapped .

“I bought myself my red balloon.”

Rustum became angrier. Loosing his patience he said in a loud voice ,  “ Brought yourself a balloon for all the five rupees you made today?”

Then the beating began on the poor little blind frame . As he cried , the strings of the balloon slipped away from his grasp and floated away .

“My red balloon!”, he shrieked .

Red was the only colour he really knew for he could never forget the red ember-ed coals that were used to blind him when he was three .

As he stood there with Rustum grabbing his shirt and dragging him , the red balloon floated into oblivion onto the dark blue skies and into eternity.

__END__

