Short Story Social Issue – My Fears …….My Conquest

Photo credit: 

 from 

“No ! No !!! No !!!” Screaming , Ananya woke up with a start. Sweat beads had covered her forehead and her heartbeat was racing faster than a car on the F1 track . She tried convincing herself that it was just a dream and yesterday had never happened but no justification seemed good enough . How ? how was she going to digest the fact that her own uncle ,the one that she adored so much had tried to molest her and even propositioned her for sex.

As she sipped on the water slowly,she started recollecting the events of the day before . Ananya had gone to return a book to her Uncle’s room and was casually going through the books on the shelf. Both of them were ardent lovers of books and thus had a deep connection . Ananya idolized her Uncle , he was her confidant , mentor and her best friend .

Ananya had just started flipping pages of Anna Karenina when she heard the bathroom door open . As she turned around , she saw her Uncle in a towel . She quickly turned around and started apologising profusely . As she was about to leave the room her uncle grabbed her arm and whispered ‘It’s ok Anu! There is nothing to be embarrassed about .We are friends ,are we not ????”Saying this he took her in his arms and started stroking her hair .

” Oh Anu ,you are so beautiful ,so fragile and innocent” .

Ananya forced herself to think that reading too much in the gesture but her mind told her otherwise . As she tried to pull away ,her uncle tightened his grip around her . Ananya was appalled , she pulled back instantly and stammered” Uncle this is wrong !!!” .

Her Uncle laughed and said ” This isn’t wrong baby ,I love you and this is how adults show their love to each other “.

Ananya had tears streaming down her face and she was shaking violently and she ran out of the room. Annaya came back to the present and realized that she was shivering and had goose bumps all over her arms .I have to tell someone she thought . I Can’t run away from this . She resolved that she would tell her mom in the morning.

After breakfast anaya went to her mother’s room ” Mom! I need to talk to you” ! ands started crying loudly .

Her mom shocked by the kid’s outburst , took her in her arms and cooed softly “what happened, beta ?? You know you can tell me anything .”

This gave ananya some strength and slowly the story came tumbling out .Her Mom’s face expression changed from concern to shock . After sometime she said “Anu ,You did nothing wrong . In fact you are a very brave child to have told me. Don’t worry,this matter will go to the police.

Ananya felt a surge of relief and gave a silent prayer to God. Her uncle was arrested soon after and Ananya felt braver and stronger than before . She knew she had taken the right step .

__END__

