Short Story with Moral Values – Humanity

Short Story with Moral Values – Humanity

As usual life was hectic for me. Every day, I had to leave in a hurry to reach my office on time by 9:00 am. It was already 8:00a.m, I just woke up from my slumber. In a hurry I got freshen up and dressed, ready to leave for office by 20 minutes without having my breakfast. It was a common routine for me; life was full of fixed schedule just like a pendulum moving to and fro.

I stood near the road, waved towards a passing auto, no luck. After 5minutes an auto stood by and I saw a young driver with a black t-shirt and a blue denim, quite unusual for an auto driver. Without wasting my time in bargaining I boarded the auto. Another passenger was already seated, a woman in her mid-forties with little make ups, marks of talc near her neck, big rounded specs with a hand bag with some books. I guessed she was a professor from the imprint on her bag “Ravenshaw University”.

After 5 minutes, the auto stopped and a woman came to seat near “The professor”. Within an instant, the professor strongly opposed to the driver that the woman cannot seat near her, or go in the auto.

The lady seemed like a daily labourer, with stains of dirt and dust across her sari, she looked feeble but her hand full of scratches and stiffness proved her strenuous works for a living. She had some masonry tools, dusty and old.

I was left aback when “The professor” said she cannot sit with her.

“She can’t sit in the auto.”

“This is my vehicle, I decide who will go or not” said the angry driver.

“I will pay the full fare”

My anger was nearly out of control. Suddenly I spoke with a burst. “What the hell are you? Human or devil .Being a teacher is this what you teach your children? You think you are civilized? I think you are the most uncivilized one. You call yourself educated, but what is the use of the education . I think you are an uneducated fool.”

The lady got angry and said to the driver “I will pay the full fare, just leave this guy here”

The driver was equally angry: “Just get down, I don’t need your bloody money. You piece of s**t just get down. You are a curse to humanity.”

With a few angry murmurs, the so called professor of a college with no such thing called humanity in her for a fellow woman, got down angry and disgusted.

The lady got up and put her things at the back of the auto and sat down.

Unaware of the pace of time, I was fighting for a person’s rights, fundamental rights. I was satisfied, even though it was already late.

I was just getting down from the auto paying my fare, when I heard a low rough voice saying “Thank, You”.

__END__

