Social Short Story – BEHIND THE WALLS

Photo credit: 

 from 

Everybody were engaged in their daily work for New Year celebrations. I and my friend wanted to celebrate the occasion happily too since, we succeeded in our businesses last year. My friend’s manner of thinking is very different than mine. He always keeps trying and wants the best.  This time he hired a beautiful girl and booked a lavish villa with alcohol for the occasion.

After around 8.00 pm, he came with a beautiful girl. Her age was below 25. She is shy and a little scared. A little later, I took the girl and went to a room. All the time, we were abusing the girl but she was just smiling, always.

Actually her timings, were before 10.00 pm in the night to 4.00 am next morning. We contacted her through a friend. We did not know any of her other details, even not her name as we did not need any of that.

After 6.00 she was trying to wake us up from the tiring sleep since the night before we drank a lot of alcohol and we did not have strength to move. A little later, I woke up all of a sudden as I saw her crying. I did not understand what had happened at the moment.

I asked the women, “why are you are crying?”.

She replied, “I have to go”.

I asked, why?

She replied immediately, “Please I have to go. Its urgent.  After sunrise, everybody can identify me”.

She continued, “please drop me by the railway station. From the station, I can find a way to travel back home”.

Before coming to our place for the night, she had put a condition, Pick and leaving at the station was our job. I tried to wake my friend up, but the effort was of no use. Later I had some thought on the matter and I said, ok I will drop you.

She asked immediately, “what about my money?”

I replied, no problem, “I will pay you at the station.”

After 10 minutes of travelling on the bike,we reached the station I gave the money in her hands.  She smiled. Then I said ’good bye’. She was trying to say something but I could not hear what she was saying. After I left the station and was on my way back home, suddenly in only two minutes after leaving the station, my bike stopped suddenly. I did not know the reason and I looked around the surroundings of the area, there were no people on the streets and neither did they have any transport vehicles around. Suddenly thought of the girl struck me and I went back to the station to check on her.

As I entered the station. I saw no one in the station except for the girl who sat at one corner of the bench. And I felt at the moment that she was feeling insecure .I sat at other corner of the same bench where she sat. We looked each other.

She asked, “why did you come back?”

I replied because you are a single, nowadays it is not safe for women.

She replied. No problem I can wait till the train will reaches the station, I am not a regular women. I am doing business using my body.

I said, you  are not a regular women but you have feelings like any other women. Don’t treat yourself in a bad manner; you are not part in the world.

She smiled and then said, “why did you and your friend abuse me last night?”

A slapped moment. I could not give a reply because there was no answer. I had started feeling very bad for myself.

I asked the woman,why are you asking about the abuses?

She replied with another question, why were you talking about regular and non regular women?

I felt angry and wanted to leave the place. But if she had to face any critical situations, we had to give answers. Since, my friend’s number was already registered on her phone’s calls history.

After a while, I asked her why are you in so much hurry for going back ?

She replied, because of my kids. They are waiting for me.

I was surprised and asked, you had kids?.

She replied,” yes, two beautiful kids and showed pictures of her children on her phone”.

Then I asked, why you are doing this job?

She replied, “when my husband left me I lost everything. He was alcoholic. Every day he used to abuse me physically and totally hated my kids. His earning was all for himself, not for the family. I told him many times about my family. My parents belonged to a middle class family and their life was supported on the pension got from the government.  How can I survive amidst the poverty? And hence I had to do this job. Before this job I joined an office and was working. But on a low income, what can I do. I am doing this job through a friend. She was also into the same business. My kids are now sleeping at her home. Before they wake up, I want to reach home. What would my neighbours think about me if I will reach there late?”

She was always laughing while she kept talking about herself.

After her brief story, I did not have words to speak. Then I wanted to put some money on her hands. But she rejected the offer. Meanwhile her train came.

Before leaving she said, “See, there are some girls doing the same business like me. They have lost half of their life. Please don’t abuse them, just give respect (with smile).

The train moved through the station. I kept looking at the train till it disappeared.

–END–

