Short Story – Vengeance

Short Story Social – Vengeance

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was another morning yet and Swapnil unlike his first day was not so happy to go to the field once again for his newly got job. He had had good records of his finesse, but was much interested to work in an agricultural land very near to his hut in his village. His dream came true but not to that extent due to another guy called Haru who was just one year more experienced than Swapnil. Swapnil now most of the days getting up from his bed spends almost 15 mins thinking about his interest that he had to go to the field for first couple of months. The in-charge being in charge of many fields was unable to give time to all the fields individually. So he made representatives of him for each field. Swapnil was one such representative of the field in which he used to work.

But this Haru was not at all unhappy seeing one boy who is one year less experienced than him became in-charge of the field. He was happy with his work, but somehow couldnt tolerate Swapnil. He never used to show this outside the field, but inside when say Swapnil told

“Haru please could you take care of the bitter gourd seeds as well along with gourd seeds, as you have better idea about them than others”, or “Haru please could you tell me how many seeds of pumpkin did you plant”,

Haru used to reply rudely “Please, I have my own plans and knowledge and work, about what to do, how many to do and how to do. Please dont involve yourself here in my stuff at least. You could help others in this field with the same. These all become overheads for me as already being much experienced I have to manage many of my own things and also mentor others”

This gradually became the usual story for both of them. Swapnil understood, though he got his dream job, but he can’t execute well and get appreciation since his acceptability is not that much to many. He takes initiates and does all his work properly, but in vain, since he could only complete them once he gets them from others. Worse thing was day by day others who also had some faith on him started ignoring him on field following Haru, as they used to say

“We do what Haru tells..So telling Haru once and then again the same thing to you is wastage of time. Please talk to Haru”

Haru again fleds saying ” When I am not ready to hear anything about my work, how come could I be ready for others”

Like this the days were getting worse and Swapnil never felt like going to work anymore. But when others told Swapnil to do something, even though it was not his duty, he tried to execute that as soon as possible how much he could. They like this, even took that opportunity to make use of that. Others also found another way to refuse Swapnil.

“We would do that Swapnil..Give us some time…”

But never used to do that anymore. On reminding Swapnil used to get scolded like anything.

Swapnil cant leave this job. He tried to solve this matter many a times outside the field with Haru. But Haru almost remained unmoved in the field.

One day in-charge came to visit the field. Swapnil discussed all the things except his details of pain. In-charge then suddenly told, that there had been some extra profit from this field, and he believes mostly because of Haru’s good work. He was almost ready to go and announce to Haru, that this time Haru would get some extra bucks paid. Swapnil quickly played one trick.

He said “Sahab, since I am your representative in this field and they have better interaction with me than with you, why wont you allow me to give this good news to Haru. He would become happy and thus our relation would strengthen more”

In-charge, quickly nodded his head and permitted Swapnil to execute his wish and went away. Swapnil then slowly stepped at Haru’s side and with soft voice almost whispered in his ears,

“Haru why don’t you take some extra bucks this time”

Haru in a second was furious and shouted at Swapnil  “O! so you now want me to do some extra work on top of my so much pressure. Listen friends, Swapnil now reached to that extent that he orders me to do his job and get some bucks extra paid from his salary. Listen boy, know that I am no way going to do that and none in this field would either. You could very well keep those bucks with you which you tell as extra.”

Swapnil smiled turning back, put those bucks in his pocket and happily went away.

__END__

