Short Story of a Girl – WHY, WHY, WHY, DELILAH

Photo credit: 

 from 

Delilah Lucas was a very pretty girl. Not a raving beauty, but she had a body to die for, was 5 ft 9 by 13, and had silky long light brown hair, all natural. She got offers from boys at school, but she was being molested by her older brother Augusto, so sex was something she not only dreaded, but it made her physically ill.

At 15 she got pregnant, and when she told her brother he beat her, leaving bruises on her body but not her face. She didn’t have the heart to tell her single mother, who was devout Catholic, and who worked seven days a week to support five kids. Delilah’s father was long gone, and she knew it was time for her to leave too.

She packed a bag, stole some money from her brother, and caught a bus to Los Angeles. It was a seven hour drive, and the weather was horrific. The driver skidded as they approached the free-way to Los Angeles city, crashing the bus, and killing some passengers. Delilah awoke in hospital, and a doctor told her she had lost her baby. He asked if she had been raped, and she lied and said no, he then told her there was no chance of ever having children. After three days Delilah left the hospital and wandered through Hollywood Boulevard.

She was staring at Marilyn’s star when a voice interrupted her. “Are you an actress?” he asked. He was tall, good looking, older gentleman, with kind eyes.

“No, I’m not, why?” she answered.

“You should be” he said. “I am Dory Sheldon, I produce movies and I am seeking an actress to play an ongoing role.”

“No porn for me thanks.” she said.

“No its all legal, just come with me, and you will be a star.”

Turns out Dory was legit, and by the time she was 23, Delilah, who went by one name now, was a popular Screen Queen. She starred in such films as Knock, knock who’s dead! And Death Clock Ticking, as well as her money maker millions He’s Gonna Getcha!

She was on the set about to film a stunt. The movie was called He Is Right Behind You, and she had to climb a five meter high ladder and jump into a tin water tank to save a fellow actress. She wore a black leather catsuit, and black boots, tied up each side with black laces. The camera was in the tank, and manoeuvred by the director on the ground.

“Action.” Delilah climbed the ladder fast, she was super fit, and an expert stunt woman. She had to get the scene right as they would only film it once, as costumes would be wet, and it was very messy to film to many times.

She climbed into the tank, the water was warmed up, and grabbed the stunt actress pushing her to the opening on top. She then preceded to follow, but felt something pull her back. She looked down to see the lace of her boot caught on a tin hook. She pulled her leg, but to no avail. The water tank was six feet deep, and she was being pulled to the bottom of the tank. She gave a hand signal to the camera to, notify trouble, and it was then that the stunt actress came back into the tank, and three more stunt men started climbing the ladder.

She tried to undo her boot to get it off, but she was running out of air. She could only hold her breath so long, and she was swallowing water. The stunt actress tried to remove her boot with no success. Delilah drowned doing something she loved, and her death tape from the camera was hacked and spread around the world.

Dory Sheldon got her millions, and put them away for another day. Another day came quickly when 29 year old Augusto came with proof he was her brother. Delilah’s millions went to a brother who took advantage of her in the most offensive way, but his fate was sealed when he was killed in a car accident a few years later, driving the Masarati, Delilah had bought him. And so it goes.

