Short Story Social – Sex Object

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘Ouch!’

‘Sorry! Just a little more’

Brishti pushed my hand away. Her gazed was fixed at her lap. I guess she was trying to hide her pain, but her silent tears said otherwise. The wounds were too deep to be healed by 

.

‘Why don’t you leave?’ I pleaded, ‘Brishti look at me!’

Brishti did look up, but not before the kitchen door was banged open. We staggered to our feet, Brishti nervously adjusted her salwar.

‘I have been calling you for a long time Brishti! Where have you been? And what exactly the two of you have been doing here?’

‘Nothing 

’ Brishti’s voice was feeble, unsure. She was avoiding eye contact, ‘Shankar wanted a glass of water, that’s all.’

‘Shankar can drink from the tube well. There is no need to bring him here. Go and tidy up the bedroom.  

has gone out for shopping, and she needs the room to be squeaky clean.’

Brishti looked at me nervously and then walked away without a word.

‘Shankar,’ 

 stopped me, ‘next time, do not enter the kitchen without permission,’ his voice was stern, ‘Now go and fetch the laundry.’

*****

Truth was that Brishti had already cleaned the bedroom in the morning. 

With 

 gone, 

had Brishti alone and all to himself in that room.  Until now, 

had restricted his fantasies to playing the peeping tom while Brishti changed her clothes. But he has become bold of late. The other day, Memsaheb caught him grabbing Brishti from behind.  But instead of reprimanding him, she

vented her anger on Brishti. She was given a brutal trashing; 

 even poured boiling water on her fingers.

I was pacing up and down on the roof top, fearing the worst, when Brishti finally showed up. I had not seen her since morning.

‘What happened?’ my voice was thick with anxiety , ‘What did he do?’

Brishti looked at me straight in the eye, her expression was grave. But then I saw a faint hint of a smile.

‘Nothing, he could do nothing

 had returned rather unexpectedly.’

I heaved a sigh of relief. Somehow the bas**rd had been thwarted. I lay down on the mat, with Brishti by my side. She cuddled up to me like a baby. I gently stroked her her hair; the fragrance of her hair always lifted up my spirits. Together we gazed at the October sky, studded with numerous stars: it was heavenly.

‘Why don’t we run away Brishti, away from all this trouble?’

‘Hmm… .’ Brishti was absent minded.

‘I am serious, Brishti.’

‘We have discussed this before Shankar. And you know my answer.’

‘We can make it Brishti. I’ll work hard, I’ll support both of you, you and Montu.’

Brishti held on to me tightly. She was shaking uncontrollably.

‘What is the matter?’ I tried to coax her.

Brishti took a deep breath, ‘

 wants me to sleep with him.’

I sprang up. ‘The old bas**rd is crossing his limits. What did you say in reply?’

Brishti was silent.

‘What did you say Brishti?’ I shook her by the shoulder. A horrible feeling had gripped me.

Brishti was looking at the ground. ‘I did not say anything.’

I let out a cry of exasperation. ‘What?! You should have said NO! Do you even know the meaning of this Brishti? Look at me!’

Brishti kept avoiding my eyes.

‘That’s it,’ I was boiling with rage, ‘I am going to 

This has to end, now!’

‘ No! You won’t do anything!’ Brishti held me back. She was sobbing uncontrollably.

I pushed her to the ground. ‘ Do you know what you will become, if this carries on? A concubine! Have you any morals left in you? Or are you dreaming of  being a mistress?’

‘ Shut up!’ Brishti slapped me across the face. ‘ Do you think it makes things easier for me? Like I enjoy being groped and molested?’ she shook me by the collar. ‘Do you? Do you  Shankar?’ She buried her face in my chest, breaking down again.

I tried to console her , ‘ I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.’

‘ It’s Okay,’ Brishti wiped off her tears. Her sobbing had finally died down. The two of us sat down.

‘ Why don’t we..’

‘We don’t have an option Shankar,’ Brishti cut me across, ‘if you go and complain to 

, she will blame it on me and punish both of us very severely. Worse still, she might throw both of us out.’

‘ That would do you good.’

‘ No it wouldn’t!’ Brishti looked stern , ‘ It would harm Montu. The world is barely enough for two of us; do you think you can bring him up?’

I kept silent.

‘ You talk about running away. But these people are dangerous and well connected. They will hunt us down, or malign our names so that we may not find refuge anywhere.’

‘ I just cannot see this happening to you,’ I felt a lump in my throat.

Brishti gently caught hold of my hand , ‘ It will be fine,’ she was smiling now , ‘ We will eventually get through this.’

I watched helplessly as she walked away.

******

It had always been tough for them: Brishti and her eight year old brother Montu. It had seemed to be an end to their misery, when they were ‘taken up’ by the suburban couple.  For two squares meals a day, and a house to call their home, it seemed perfectly reasonable for Brishti to adapt into role of a maid. She had been through harsher conditions. Trouble started when she bled, and nature began to add curves to her contour. This did not escape the prying eyes of 

for whom Brishti was a full blown flower ready to be plucked.  All this took place right in front of 

; initially she showed indifference. But her failure to rein in her husband meant that she was losing her grip over the household; Brishti being young and desirable served as a potential threat. She was never implicit about her husband’s antics, yet she never lost an opportunity to taunt, torture and assault Brishti.

‘Stay away,’ Brishti warned me, ‘

 is looking,’ I preferred to stay put, as Brishti finished washing the dishes. 

stood near the doorway. He let Brishti pass by him, but not before brushing against her side. He then turned towards me with a smug look on his face, as if to show me he owned her.

I became paranoid by the fact that any second 

 could lay his hands on Brishti, and she would be forced to comply. Nightmares of their encounters blew away my sleep; during the day I would snoop around the house, trying to get a whiff of the on goings, often abandoning my chores in the process. Brishti has been rather discreet these days. 

 would always be around, sticking to her like a shadow, depriving me of any chances to talk to her.

One evening, I was awakened by a commotion in the dining hall. I rushed to the spot and found Brishti on the floor clutching Montu who appeared to be unconscious. 

 and 

 were huddled around them.

‘It’s nothing, it’s nothing,’ 

 kept repeating nervously under his breath. His breath reeked of alcohol, ‘He’ll be fine.’

‘Let’s take him to the hospital, 

 please!’ Brishti was close to tears.

 did not utter a word. Instead, she went to the kitchen and returned with a jug. She sprinkled some water on Montu’s face. A large swelling was visible on his forehead.

‘Yes, Yes. Sprinkle some water. That will wake him up,’ 

was still disoriented.

Montu let out a groan, and made a feeble effort to open his eyes.

‘Let’s take him to the hospital,’ I tried to pull Montu up. But then, 

 blocked me.

‘There is no need. The child is fine. He is just a little dazed. He’ll recover soon.’

‘How did this happen?’I asked.

“Oh, he slipped on the floor and fell,’ 

 said abruptly.

‘Just like that?’

‘Yes, the floor was slippery,’ 

 cut me across, ‘Now enough of chatting! Get back to work, both of you. Brishti take your brother to his bedroom.’

I decided to wait in the backyard, just in case Brishti passed by. There was definitely more to this story. When Brishti finally came outside to dispose the garbage, I grabbed her and pulled her to a corner.

‘Tell me the truth! What happened?’

Brishti kept mum.

‘This isn’t going to help you, Brishti. How did Montu get injured?’

Brishti was close to tears, ‘

got drunk and tried to force himself on me. When I resisted, he beat me up and began to tear away my clothes. Montu tried to rescue me, but 

 pushed him away and banged his head against the floor. That’s when 

 came and Saheb returned to his senses.’

I leaned against the wall, and let out a sigh, ‘You still want to stay here Brishti? After all this madness?’

‘I don’t know what to do,’ Brishti broke into tears.

‘Listen, take care of Montu. If you need anything, let me know. I’ll be close by.’

‘Thank You.’ Brishti was barely able to articulate.

I went back to my quarters, still shocked by what Brishti had narrated.

********

My sleep had been disturbed by the recent turn of events. It didn’t take me long to respond to the frantic calls of my name outside my room. Brishti was banging ferociously against my door.

‘What happened?’

‘I tried to wake Montu. He is not responding.’ Brishti was panicky and sweating from top to bottom.

We dashed towards Montu’s room as fast as we could. He lay there on his bed, as if he was fast asleep. I shook him violently and called out his name many times. But he didn’t respond.  In fact he was not even breathing.

Fearing the worst, I picked him up and rushed out of the house, with Brishti running to keep up with me.

‘Hey where are you going?

 tried to stop us. I brushed him aside.

********

‘There is nothing we can do. He has been dead for a long while. We are sorry.’

‘Shankar, what are they saying? This cannot be.’

I was at a loss for words. What could I say?

‘The doctors are wrong Shankar. I tucked him into his bed with my own hands. He had dinner with his favorite dish. Yes, he was hurt but he was okay, he said he was okay. What do you say Shankar? Why don’t you say anything?’

‘Let’s go home, Brishti.’ I tried to hold back my tears.

‘No! Not without Montu, I mean how he will feel if he is left behind.’

‘He won’t feel anything Brishti. Come, let’s go home. The police will take care of him.’

I ushered her out of the hospital. She kept on mumbling about how Montu would wake up any second and call out her name. I just couldn’t tell her that Montu was dead, gone forever.

On the way back, we took an auto. She clung on to me, her head resting on my shoulder. She suddenly let out a cry, and broke down into uncontrollable sobs.

********

‘What is the meaning of this?!’

‘You murdered him, do you hear me? You murdered him!’

I pushed 

against the wall, my hands wrapped around is throat. But then, 

raised a hue and cry, and other servants came to his rescue.

‘Call the police.

 ordered one of them.

‘Yes, call the police! Let them know what he has done.’ The other servants were holding me back.

‘He has done nothing. It was an accident,’ 

 retorted.

‘Oh come on, 

! We all know what he has done. He killed Montu. He has been harassing Brishti for so long. Can’t you see with you own eyes how lecherous your husband is?’

‘Shankar! Hold your tongue!

appeared shaken‘Remember who you are and what your position is. We can destroy you, you bet we can. You are lucky, that we are going to only fire you.’

‘I am not leaving without Brishti.’

‘Brishti is going nowhere.’ 

 was massaging his throat.

‘You are not going to decide for her, you bas**rd! Come, let’s go Brishti.’

Something was wrong; Brishti was not responding to me. She appeared to be lost in her own thoughts.

‘Brishti,’ I tried to reach out to her, ‘Listen dear. There is nothing left for us here. Do you still want to stay under the same roof, with the same man who took away our Montu from us? Come on, hurry up! This is the last chance we got.’

But Brishti just wouldn’t utter a word. ‘Brishti….’ I felt myself chocking on my words.

‘You heard the girl, now get lost!’ 

 pushed me away, ‘And never dare to contact us again!’

********

‘Did you know these people? Hey I am talking to you!’

I was on my knees, amidst the pile of rubble and ash. The whole house had been burned down. ‘Yeah, I worked here as a servant.’

‘You won’t find anything here son. They are all dead.’

‘Officer, by any chance….’ I tried to control my tears, ‘How many bodies have you found?’

‘All that we have found are bones and ash. The experts blame it on a cylinder leak. But we will soon find out.’

I made my way to the place where the kitchen once stood.  It was highly likely that Brishti would have been here when the fire broke out.

While I was rummaging through the remains of a cupboard, something caught my eyes. There it was, just visible under ash. A locket; Brishti’s locket. I picked it up and held it in my hand. Much of it had been damaged in the fire. But I simply knew it was Brishti’s. Hot tears trickled down my cheek, as I realized the inevitable.

*********

Back in my makeshift hut, memories of Brishti kept haunting me. I began to relive every moment I had spent with her. And there was this  horrible guilt of my failure to save her.

As I was tossing around in my bed, I felt someone near me. There was this familiar fragrance.

I immediately turned up the lamp. ‘ Brishti!’

She blew the lamp away and pulled me close.

‘ I thought you were dead!’

‘ Sssh!’ She placed her hand on my lips, ‘ Stop talking!’

She cuddled up to me, like she used to do not so long ago. ‘ Lull me to sleep Shankar. I am tired. For once make feel like a woman, and not a sex object.’

__END__

