Short Story – Tara’s window

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Tara slowly opened her eyes. She looked out of her window. There were so many things outside that she could have enjoyed if she was healthy at this time.

There were beautiful red apples hanging on the trees. She remembered how she used to throw stones to break those juicy red apples. The birds chirped and hoped about here and there on the branches. The trees gently shook as if they were dancing with joy. The branches and leaves of the apple tree were touching the leaves of the banyan tree. Maybe, this is the way of showing their intimate friendship. Tara could well imagine herself in the garden dancing like a swan and feeling the gentle breeze. The setting sun was bidding goodbye through the leaves of the banyan tree and entering into Tara’s room. She was sad as she knew that the golden rays will not last more than few minutes. And that the fireball will be replaced by the complete darkness.

And then, she will not be able to enjoy the beauty of the nature. The birds will go in their nest and stretch up for rest near their eggs. The cuckoo birds were now singing their evening song but Tara always liked their morning song. She found a kink of sadness in their evening voice. But they always welcomed the rising sun with happiness and energy. Whenever Tara was upset, she loved to spend her time in the garden. She liked to sit and watch her colorful little friends bringing insects for their young ones. The butterflies were always hanging near the flower pots near the banyan trees.

The banyan tree…. this tree was the most beautiful and magical place present for Tara. Earlier, she used to climb up the huge gigantic tree and sit on the top enjoying the peacefulness. Sometimes she would quietly climb up there and feel invisible inside all those thick leaves. She sat there and watched for hours as a spy on those who were coming and going out of her house.

There was a time when Tara spent her days in the garden free as a bird. But that is just the past. Now, she has to find courage to accept her life the way it is.

Tara clearly remembered that it was a summer afternoon, when she climbed up her favorite banyan tree with a freshly plucked apple in her hand. After some time, she felt sleepy in the peaceful atmosphere. She started dozing away. She let her body relax and lost her grip. She lost her balance and fell off the tree. As the fate would have it, Tara gained conscience to face her worst nightmare turning into reality. She not only lost her right leg but also her mobility and her freedom.

Two years have passed after that accident and still she is not able to go out without a wheelchair. She rarely visited the garden, but her heart was always there. As her window will always be wide open.

__END__

