Short Social Story – Effect of dowry system

Photo credit: 

 from 

[This is the story based on dowry system, I hope after reading this story those people who still follow dowry system will understand the bad affect of dowry system.]

I want to make my career as a doctor. I am not getting married, after completing graduation I have to complete my MBBS course, it take more than 2-3 years afterwards I think about marriage. But now I don’t want to marry. It is the thinking of a 21 years young girl name alka but nobody knows what happens in their future accept god. Same alka see her future as a doctor but her dream to become a doctor will never become true because her parents decided about the marriage of alka in very rich family.

Alka refuge to get marry but her parents forced her and locked her in a room and told her that before your marriage you are not allowed to come out from this room. If you try to escape you will see dead face of your parents. Alka love her parents very much so she also decides to get married.

The bride groom’s parent want dowry from alka’s parents. The bridegroom’s parents told alka’s parent that they want RS. 50 lacks cash, one car etc. Alka’s parent say ok we will fulfill your demand. Alka’s parents are not very rich so they sold their house on only RS 10 lacks and they also purchase one car . But they have to collect RS 40 lacks for that they sold their other expensive thing  like jewelry ,tv etc. But after selling this thing also they collect only RS 30 lacks .

Time passed and day of marriage come, on the day of marriage when alka’s parents give the cash money to bridegroom’s parents then bridegroom’s parents say what is this it is only RS 40lacks where is other RS 10 lacks .then alka’s parent say we are sorry we are not able to give you this huge amount of RS 50 lacks but we have collect this RS 40 lacks please accept this and don’t break this marriage we beg you please don’t do this . The bride groom’s parent say ok we will not break this marriage and after that marriage is complete.

But after 3-4 days her mother- in- law, father- in-law, and even her husband start torturing her . her mother- in -law give lot of work to her and if she do any mistake her mother- in-law pull her hair or mash her hand with her foot when alka cleaning the flour . Her husband also beat her not only for big mistake but for small –small mistake. Her father –in- law also taunt her that her parents are not teach her any good habits. Her and parent’s life is become a hell because of a dowry. And one day she hang herself . Her dream for become doctor is never become true.

“ So please don’t be a part of dowry system and fight against this type of stupid system.”

__END__

