Short Story of Dog – I am Rambo

Image Source: 

My name is Rambo. It might be funny name for a dog but my master Alex who was impressed by seeing some English movie 

me this name. I never saw my parents to the best of my knowledge. I was given as a gift to my Master. Bloody people! They think that we are just a play toy or some least bothered creatures created to provide some entertainment. But in one way I’m blessed. I have a home and i need not starve for food. I’ve seen some dogs in my street without food and also without a place to live 

. Most of the time, I get a timely meal not because people in my house think that I’ll be hungry but the truth is they think I’ll start shouting at them. People don’t know what we’re speaking instead they say we’re barking but the truth is we’re the ones who understand what they speak and they don’t because they’re simply dumb.

I’ve been in this house for two years now and I don’t regret much. My master had a son named Jimmy who is twelve years old. He’s the only person in the house to trouble me. He ties a knot on my neck at one end with a belt, holds the other end and then starts running. I need to unnecessarily follow him wherever he goes. My neck hurts badly sometimes because of it. Wish i could do the same to him.

One night Jimmy took me for a walk at night. As usual, a belt was tied around my neck and I was following him. There were lots of dogs around the street and they were looking at me with some sort of suspicion. They started to follow us all the way. I saw a lady dog which i can’t say very beautiful but was fair enough. I wish I could speak to her. She saw me at that instant. “Hey! What’s your name?” I asked.

Few of the male dogs around us did not like me speaking to her. One of them replied, “Get lost from here before you utter one more word”. Other one was saying, “Bite him”.

Jimmy was shouting at me, “Don’t bark Rambo or else I’ll kick you.”

There was little bit of tension around us. Jimmy thought that we’re going to have a fight. So, he took one big stone and threw it at the lady dog. She shouted in pain and started running away. Other male dogs got angry because of this and they started to attack Jimmy. My immediate instinct was to defend Jimmy but then i thought what wrong did the lady dog do? Nothing! Only because of my mistake, she got hurt. But, who was Jimmy to punish her? I was facing ethical dilemma – righteousness vs loyalty!

Should I need to be loyal to Jimmy because he’s my master or should I need to fight for justice and support the other dogs. If I try to protect Jimmy, the other dogs without a doubt will kill me for sure. If I allow other dogs to attack Jimmy right before me, then I’ll be in streets from now. I decided to act fast. If I run away then, I might not be in the scene. Worst case is that Jimmy and my master will consider I am a Coward. That’s fine with me. Only in this way, I’ll be able to maintain both Loyalty and Righteousness. Both have same cost but it doesn’t come together. I escaped as fast as i could with Jimmy shouting for help and other dogs cursing him.

__END__

