Short Story – LITTLE GHOSTS -1

Photo credit: 

 from 

Man in the courtyard, was looking on the dark sky and was thinking of some magic, that could happen in his life, that could change his life. That could change his past, and automatically his present and future. Courtyard is not a modern trend and he was not in the condition to afford modern trend. By the sides of him, sat his wife, young lady, married to him just two years before.

“What are you thinking of?” It is a good question for some lady to start with. And he had a very genuine answer to that question “No….nothing.” Catherine continued “looking a little tensed?”

John replied “No ,just thinking.” Understanding John was not paying any attention to him, she put her left hand on his right one and the man was totally shocked as if he was waked up from some bad dream. His eyes were tearful. Now it was her time to get shocked.

“What happened, John?”, “Aren’t you fine?”, “Why are you on tears?”, “What happened ,dear?”

She threw a bunch of short questions on him, as if she were in a great hurry. The man was very slow. He was just looking on her, like someone who is totally miserable. This was the first time she saw him in tears. A tear in some man’s eye is certainly something which thunders others spirit. His tears are mainly the mixture of his ego, patience and other dreadful feelings. Ego is the make up of a man and without ego a man looks helpless. He passively let her hug him. He slept on her shoulder such that even she couldn’t know when did he sleep.

Next morning he got up with same cool and fresh attitude. Made tea, awakened his wife, got ready for work and came out of the home,bidding goodbye to Catherine. John was now out of last night’s thought and was focused on the job. He went on bus stand. He was waiting for about 2-3 minutes and the bus arrived. He took a sit. Last night’s thought again stroked his mind and he went away with it.

“A boy child, probably himself, was there playing there with some children. He was good at games and it reflected from his game itself. After playing, he returned home, his sweet home, where he lived and so the story continued with sweet incidences. The little boy very soon grew few years older.and was now among the good students of his class. He got number of prizes and certificates. The next thing in his mind, was a student in the last of his teens, with week fragile, no new certificate, no new progress. All he did was killing time, killing money and killing himself. Was this the future of those small children?” He thought.

He made them stand in a horizontal queue and compared them. And then he compared himself to those small children and was moving to some ultimate depression. He didn’t knew, Why he was doing that? But he could not stop his thoughts. All he found was betrayal and cheat. He thought “I was not, in fact, the future of those small children. No, certainly not. He cheated those small kids.”

“Come on, get up. You guys sleep wherever you get a chance.” the bus conductor was a bit rude. He waked up from the horror dream. He reached office. He was, anyhow, successful to engage himself in office and stray away those true but punching thought. In the office he had two friends, Paul and Jim. Talking with them kept him away from those haunted and worldly feelings. So he was able manage his working hours.

__END__

