Short Story – Office Scandal

Photo credit: 

 from 

Let me tell you a story.

There was this girl in an office. She was glam, not fair. Typical IT GIRL. The one who wears leggings, has straightened hair. She was pretty, but not that well endowed.  But still guys used to ogle, I did too. She seemed very righteous, “Ek chutki sindoor”type. One day while having a smoke we got the news that she has put in her papers.

To all you illiterate people, putting in the papers is the Office lingo for getting ready to leave the firm. You put in the papers. Complete your notice period. Send out a farewell mail. And then. 

.

Well the guys were shocked. Cos in a place where good looking chicks are rare, (Like fresh water in the desert) this was awful. Then the news trickled in that she is doing it because she is getting married. Her future SRK doesn’t want her to be working late in the night, especially during a time when every guy in this country  is just looking for something with a hole to relieve himself.

So her notice period began.

Well.. Few of us were happy.

She wasn’t part of any office love story. Cab drivers never caught her in comprising positions in the back seat of the cab. And the guys in the admin department never mentioned about any lift cam footage.

And one day when I went to Office after my weekend off, she was not there, not any more. It looked like a scene out of time lapse video. Everyone waited for the shift to get over.

Yes, we were glad. The righteous Indian girl was here. She was not a myth.

The story normally should end here, right.

But now there is the twist, new generation style.

She had a best friend. She was

, with long 

 hair. Wore 

 and all, only that  she looks lustier rather than sexy. She was 

 and with 

. These two were like lock and key, Thick friends.

Our hero walks into the frame. Some one who is a serious womanizer. He had  all sorts of stories. It involved all of them girls, College girls, married women, working ladies.

We would normally just bullsh*t such kinda stories as just a figment of his horny imagination. But then this guy had proof. Proof as in mp4 and JPEG.

(To this day, whenever there is a scandal video.  I don’t understand why the girl allowed the guy to take video/pic.)

Well our hero was working on a new proof . The proof was a some one from the office, who was 

, with long 

 hair. Wore 

 and all, only that  she looks lustier rather than sexy. She was 

 and with 

.

We were all sure that this will be another of his success stories. A woman in her thirties, and who is divorced. She had to fulfill her needs and our hero was such a player.

 

Our hero has to leave the company. Someone was not happy with him. Complained to someone. They escalated it. The Admin guy pulled up his mails, chat and what not. He had to go and they did it all in shush-shush manner.

Time went by. Like 4-5 months.  Nothing much happened. We came to know that our heroine had got married a couple of months ago. Some of the guys were busy checking if any of the honeymoon scandal videos out there featured her. But I knew that she wouldn’t. And I was right. Those guys had to stop searching.

Then last month while coming out of the theater after watching HAIDER, I saw him. The hero of our story. Since we were meeting after a while we went to have a beer.It was an executive bar, in one of them star hotels.Then we started talking, Life, work, chutzpah and how the beer tastes once it foams.

Out of the blue, he says.

“It was here that it happened.”

And I was like, “WHAAT??”.

 

 

Our hero had checked in the divorcee in one of the rooms above us.

(Well no surprises there, it was supposed to happen.)

 

 

Our hero had many meetings with the divorcee.

They used to talk a lot as well.

In one of them conversations, he asked her

“Don’t you have any friends who are IN NEED?”

She looked at him as she got dressed and smiled.

 

Well, Our hero and heroine had met.

It happened a week after her engagement. (That would be three weeks before her marriage.)

 

 

He had a devilish grin on his face as he finished his story.

I would have loved to bust this story as a figment of hero’s lustful imagination.

But he is the hero. Our hero.

And like every hero in this world, Our hero doesn’t lie.

He had proof. (HD. mp4).

 

I ordered another beer.

Said bye.

Went home.

Had a long bath.

__END__

