[Grass is Never Green!! – Short Story with Moral Lesson]

Short Story with Moral Lesson - Grass is Never Green

“Any other question before we break for the lunch?” asked the instructor.

“Shall we have a 2-hour lunch break?” asked the girl & everyone in the workshop burst out with laughter.

I wonder whether she has any brain. I was thinking myself. After a minute my mind said ,”You are jealous of her”. Yes I was. I was ashamed at the very thought.

She is a slim, tall, woman with a very attractive looks & pleasing personality. Now the workshop is broke for lunch, she is surrounded by people. I could hear her laughter in the distance.

I was in a project manager workshop arranged by my company. Life was not very tough for me. But it was hard. At 32, I’m a project manager in a top MNC. I have come up the way with lot of hiccups balancing family, my kid etc. I’m well recognized as a competent manager in the organization. But I had to go extra distance to make people understand I’m approachable manager too. I’m a dark, tall and round woman. I don’t have that striking looks & personality which make people think I’m a friendly person too.

“Her life must be easy!” I thought to myself.

I & she were the only women there. I went to help myself with the lunch. I hardly knew anyone there, so I must have the lunch alone. I seated myself in a comfortable table.

“Shall I join you?” She asked standing at my table.

“Sure why not?” I told

We had a good time in lunch. We were discussing about the issues we face, common people we knew etc. She was quite friendly.

“Wish I’m like you..” she told me after sometime. What? Isn’t this what I was thinking about her…

“You know people never take me seriously. They think pretty women generally don’t have brain. I have always heard people saying you’re beautiful. I know I’m. But it’s a professional environment and I want people to say you are a competent manager.

Why I’m perceived as a friendly person not a competent manager…” she went on and I told her about my problems and she listened patiently.

“Life must be easy for them no….” she pointed at a bunch of men.

“Who knows..” I sighed and we burst out laughing…

I realized life is not easy for anyone. Men, women,Rich,poor, beautiful, educated, uneducated, employed, unemployed has their own problems that no one other has any clue on. If one feels that they are lacking something, they should try to develop it. If it’s something which one cannot change, try to accept that and live with it.

Happy women’s day, folks. Let’s live happily with what we have.

__END__

