Social Short Story – A CASTING COUCH SYNDROME

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘Such a stupid woman. I won’t have anything to do with her and you better not too”. The tone was emphatic – rather dictatorial.

 ‘Do you know who she is?’

 ‘What does that matter? She is a Bitch, capital B.’

 ‘Don’t be a fool. She is the Boss’ wife.’

 ‘So? Because she is wife of your boss, she’s right?’

 ‘Right or wrong, just be polite; if you don’t like her, maintain some distance or reserve.’

 ‘Reserve my foot. If she talks nonsense, I’ll tick her off.’

 ‘Then forget that foreign holiday. How do you think you’ll get that without my being on the boss’s right side?’

 ‘Poor man’s probably fed up of her too. I’ll bet on it’.

 ‘He’s fed up of everything. He’s like those pant suited women who f**k all their way up.’

 ‘Oh yes, that’s how men will always talk about women who are smarter than them,’ her voice dripped acid.

 ‘Smita, listen, believe it or not, people do it to go up. Sometimes its physical, sometime mental, sometimes both. Old men who are tired of the wives’ demands and prefer brash, eager-to-please guys. Or sometimes to service their wives while they play elsewhere. Or just plain tired. It could even be a secretary or executive looking for a ride up. Who are we to judge anybody?’

 ‘Not anybody. But you, yes. Tell me, how did you become Assistant Regional Manager?’

 ‘Now that’s asking, Smita.’ She bridled at the smile on his face. Her face tightened as she demanded shrilly ‘Her or him?’

 ‘What’ll you do, if I say both?’ he teased gently. She lashed out with her hands, but he fended her off as he wrestled to keep the car on the road.

 ‘Don’t be a fool, Smita. The other day, you and your kitty friends were giggling about the exchange sandals and car keys games for couples, weren’t you? Come on and admit it, were you not?’

 ‘So what if we were gossiping?’

 “There’s no smoke without fire. If they can go off for a fling with the car key owner, just for the heck of it, why not with the Boss for Pati Parmeshwar’s promotion? How do you think your Pandu and Vidyut and blind man with TV eyes were born? By Ved Vyas looking into their mothers’ eyes passionately? Are you such a fool?’

 ‘Don’t give me all that crap. I want to know about your promotion.’

 ‘You just want a story, don’t you? Ok listen – we were 2 guys and 2 couples at a holiday resort. Incentive bonus with a chronic bachelor boss. One wife was uptight …. They got posted to Assam. Of the remaining 3 men, the one with the sexy eyed wife became the Regional Manager and the other two A R Ms. What would you rather do, get f**ked or slide to the bottom? Remember the fates of those 3 guys?’

 ‘Who?’

 ‘Pandu, Vidyut and Drirthrashtra. Their fates were sealed by how their mothers gave in to lust, weren’t they?

__END__

