Social Short Story – Are You there yet?

“The point where cynicism and carelessness meet, are you there yet?” asked Edmund (Ed) to Rousseau (Ross).

Ross (sighed) – No, I’m still far behind. In fact, I don’t know where I am.

Ed- Why do you seem so confused?

Ross (with a candid smile)- Honestly, I don’t know even that. Most of the times either I dwell in the                 memories of past or the uncertainty of future haunts me. Never being able to focus on the present moment. Why is it so hard for me?

Ed – It’s hard for everyone. All the so called enlightened ones spend their whole lifetime practising this art before they finally master it.

Ross (with raised eyebrows)- Really, is it that difficult?

Ed (gently smiles)- Yes, sir.

Ross (curiously asks)- why so?

Ed – Because before finally being able to fully enjoy the moment at hand, one needs to acquire a whole lot of other qualities.

Ross- Hmm..like?

Ed- Patience, ability to learn new things, simplicity, respectfulness, gratitude, a decent sense of humor to name a few.

Ross- and how do they help?

Ed- To get rid of worries of uncertain future you need be patient first as you can’t realize your dream tomorrow itself! (chuckles)

Also, you need to be an active learner to constantly enhance your skill-set which ‘only’ can take you closer to your goal.

Letting go of your past, however so be it, is also essential. A candid sense of humor helps you in doing that.

Ross (surprised) – Really? Humor and forgetting past??

Ed – Yes, humor. If you think your past has not been glorious enough then you must also realize it was only because of some of your own mistakes that you had committed at those times. Laugh on your foolishness, learn from it and move on. On the other hand, even if you had had a great past, don’t let your mind and heart sway in romanticism and complacency. It’s even more fatal sometimes. Again laugh on yourself, know that it was a mistake and move on.

Ross – Hmm, you’re right. I do that often specially the second one, of course without laughing on myself.(sarcastic tone)  Ok, tell me more about other qualities and their usefulness in this journey.

Ed- Respecting others views and being grateful to everyone around you will simplify your soul like never before.

Ross- But are all the views worth?

Ed- The entire universe is made up of multiple realities and so are the human beings, their thoughts and values. Everyone is right with respect to themselves. So, the idea is to respect all as a ‘thinking’ being. Whether you can filter something useful out of their views is up to you. Even if you can’t, treating them with respect will at least spur humility in you.

Ross- Wao! that seems quite logical. But gratitude towards all, even for that stupid Jenny? (charged up)

Ed- what did she do?

Ross- She always humiliates me that too with a cunning smile!

Ed (laughs)- Look bro..our aim is to inculcate those qualities which will help us in being focused in ‘this’ moment. Being grateful even to the shrewd ones will save your mood and energy. Now, I am not being idealistic here but if you want to follow an eye for an eye policy forget about the “living in the moment thing.”

Ross (finishing his cup of coffee)- I understand. Okay, now I’l have to hurry up or I’I miss my train. I’l start working on these tips. (starts to walk away)

Ed (in a sarcastic voice)- Hey you mudhead ! what about gratitude ! You didn’t even say thanks!

(Jenny passes by ,she probably heard ‘mudhead’ and then smiled a bit on Ross)

Ross-Did you see her cunning half smile?

Ed- Dude! I’ve got something to say on the importance ‘half smile’.

Ross-What? You want me to be a shrewd like her? What about your lecture on not following eye for an eye policy? it’s dawn of retributive justice folks !! (shouts)

Ed (giggles)- Calm down! Calm down and sit. (Ross sits down) Half smile is such an obsolete art these days. People either pretend to smile with jaws wide opened or they are too burdened that their lips can’t move.

Ross- Never noticed that. But what’s so special about half smile?

Ed- Buddha, the greatest sage ever born, always wore a half smile on his face and asked his followers to do so as well. Well, it’s difficult to say for sure why did he do that. Whether it was in conformity of his doctrine of middle path, hence avoiding the extremities of over-joyfulness and gloominess or he did so simply because it helped in practising meditation over long duration. But know that, it surely helps in achieving our goal i.e. being in the moment and enjoying it fully.

Ross-Don’t know much about the sage and his doctrine but surely want to know how does half smile work? (looking at Jenny who is sitting on the other end of the café)

Ed- If you’re ever going to try meditation, always maintain a half smile on your face it enhances focus as well as consciousness about self. In day-to-day life as well it helps by keeping you calm, composed and mindful towards your work. Next time you wash your dishes, try doing it with a half smiling face and suddenly you will realize that you’re enjoying something which you hated earlier!(chuckles)

Besides, even in humiliation, defeat or when someone is trying to outwit you, if you can maintain a half smile on your face, this will reflect the gravity of your thoughts and strength of your character.

Ross (sincere voice)- Your wisdom has totally mesmerized me ! Thank you!

(Walks outside, finds Jenny gives her a “half smile” and hurries away to catch his train)

 –END–

