Short Story Social – Unspoken Heart In The Closet

Photo credit: 

 from 

Most of us see homosexuality as a subject of taboo a subject which is looked down ,the subject which remains unclear to the upcoming generations. Here is a story of a guy who suffered from the same what all the homosexuals suffered still in present advanced generation . In a country like India it still remains a taboo to people .

Nihal Sharma a bright eyed young teenager with a pale skin having generous character having all the extraordinary characters other than guys of his age  was often teased by his neighbours ,friends ,classmates and cousins .Socialising with other people still remained a tough task for Nihal . He was often told a lot behind his back . His parents whom he considered equal to god ignored him hated him often didn’t even give him food even he starved for over a week sometime. And it would be surprising to all of us to know that he didn’t come from a family of lower class or middle class .

He was son of a wealthy doctor even though being a doctor his father never accepted him. He was considered as a bad omen often remain uninvited on weddings or other auspicious functions. He lived his life in disgust  pain and a lot of disappointment. It was Neha’s marriage his cousin’s daughter the wedding cards were distributed like all weddings do .But when the card was sent to Sharma’s house it was clearly written mr and mrs sharma, didn’t even include with the family ,what else could be so painful for a poor boy Nihal. His parents didn’t take him out because it would become useless attention on him and a lot of questioning .

He had planned to go to America where this subject has a right a freedom of expression by then. He had finished his higher studies and headed to New York, he met a lot of people of his type and was accepted by other people too he lived his life happily there.

In a country like India we are often mistaken by this, we don’t even teach our children that this is’nt anything creepy or dirty, it is something which is created by the god and no one has right to question or look that god made beings as a subject of disgust or looked down .They also have a life they can’t do anything to change themselves .Be broadminded citizens accept for what society has and encourage everything which god has made.From this story we understand that there are millions of nihal’s suffering in india for just being a homosexual .

__END__

