Short Story on Female Infanticide – A Date is a Killer..!!

A Date is a Killer..!! - Short Story on Female Infanticide

A usual day for all mortals, but 

, when their life would change for worst or for best & leave imprints on their hearts & souls, 

. A date which have unforeseen elements ,sewed neatly, in a thread like some tabooed amulets, to triggers tensions & shocking incidents, which rocks lives of many & leave, others stunned.

 Can a date be a killer? How will you react if I have told you this? You would have thought am being silly or talking rubbish or must be joking with you? 

Astonishing as it may sounds, but it has its own seeds of actions & sometimes much more than concealed secrets.

Have u ever seen anyone, desperate in 

, that on approaching calendar date, 

 These 

, makes feelings of expression & sleep disorder more pronounced, as mind starts accepting that this is going to happen, subconscious. What you will name an experience something very unnatural & out of this world– Paranormal, Miracle, illusion, connection or unbelievable? Psychokinesis, supernatural healing & Telekinesis….are good examples of existing parapsychology, to validate to some extent these things have existed, in some form or in some way, waiting to get fully harnessed & understood.

It all may seem hallucinations & far stretched imagination or a fiction created for amusement or thrill in some novel or movie. Yet these happenings & incidents harbored seeds of much awaited rippled effect, which can be felt in series of continuous disequilibrium of events, in many forms across the world.

New York, Commoners community Hall, Present day

“Sometimes to heal ourselves, we may need to undergo painful experiences. Yes that is the crux. Who defines what is justified or right or good or evil or bad or immoral or moral? How can you separate willingness & resentment to participate in heinous 

? It’s going to affect you, me or someone or anyone if 

 for the rectification or justification of that —

These words of Akansha echoed in the silence of thousands minds, present in the community hall, who have gathered there to know secret of that 

in words of Akansha itself, to see from her eyes, the vivid narration. Akansha has put the exhibits snaps of her journey to her ancestral village, Khimsar, Rajasthan, India. She never thought in her dreams, though, that a personal visit would reveal so many dark secrets that will shook her spirits & change her outlook for many dates to come. Akansha, a photographer by profession, has been on assignment to Mumbai City, India.  So, she took some time off to visit her ancestral village to see how the lives has been affected & changed in last 35 years, when she was born here on March 11

, 1977. Akansha father has been forbidding her to visit that place, whenever she was curious of her roots & linage, still she was adamant this time.

 

London, Broadway Road, March 11

, 2012—- Connection

The clock struck 11.55 pm, 11/7/12, Sunday. 

 panicked & waited helplessly, gazing at the ticking time. 

 It’s her 25

   birth day in few minutes & she was again gripped in ritual nightmares which have been following her silently on her birth-date night —- the nightmares comes & go making her fearful to sleep.

 When she was a small kid, her parents took her to get medically counseled. Nothing was diagnosed except, a part which medical science also sometimes failed to acknowledge & provides answers.

 “One power” 

 The church priest told them, which was habitual ritual for the Sumaira family on her birth-date every year.

 

Madhya Pradesh, a remote village, March 11

, 2012—Connection

In City’s Mental Asylum, a small 15 years old girl, 

, is admitted to see doctor for repeatedly physical assaults on her, a condition, at first have put her 

in the doubts but later after series of diagnosis have proven otherwise, symptoms shows that the girl has been paranoid on March 11th till date changes, for good. The villagers have tried to torch their parents’ house citing, they practice 

 on villagers & witch is born at their house & have boycotted the family.

 The abandon family has no choice left than to move to city, with a hope, to see some, big 

 & save their daughter life. She was born on date, March 11th.

Now what’s the correlation they all were sharing except for same 

–? Date was gripping all of them in fears & much was left to speculate for doctors & well-wishers. Yet, to seek answers in life we may need to travel or to reach the destined place which ensue our revelation. Miracle follows where faith & prayers are communicated.

 

Rajasthan, Khimsar, ancestral village house, 

 

 Akansha voice pleads with Arnaav, her photographer accomplice & a good friend.

 Arnaav was not flinched & told Akansha not to worry about it as it few miles more & they will reach the ancestral haveli of her great grandparents, before dawn.

 An avid travelers & photographers by profession, Arnaav & Akansha, wishes to globe trot the world & photography was their love connection. Akansha told Arnaav, about her wish to visit the village, where her parents were born & raised & lived their lives till they left the country,  35 years back, 

— for reasons which they never told her. After Akansha mother’s dies, she found her diary which exhibits same disturbing revelation of that place. So out of curiosity & searching for some of the answers, for her mother’s peace, she wants to visit it at any cost.

She told her father about her wish, he was doomed & defensive for her security; he tried to stop her from visiting, India, altogether. Still she knew his father loved her so much & was worried for her safety, as he is now left alone, after her mother’s demise. She lovingly told her father–that they will be back from India before 

, to celebrate her 35

 Birthday with him here itself!!

Ancestral village—-First Visit

When they reached the village, it was so creepy & so dark; they both have expected a less dramatic visual. There was no electricity in the village. The villagers were asleep in their dreams of today & tomorrow, happy dates to come, there was perfect creepy silence, which was anchored for— not to be questioned for.

It was dawn now…..

They somehow manage to reach the ancestral haveli of her which was wearing gloomy & deserted look from the outside, yet it seems to be so inviting full of quests & full of answers which were left unanswered & unsolved mysteries, dated 35 years back. 

 She was greeted by an old man who introduced himself as a sole inhabitant & house-keeper of this forbidden house donning a haunted smile.

After refreshments & getting fresh, she searched for Arnaav & that old man. Arnaav seems to be exploring magnificent artifacts & architectural marvel of the haveli by clicking photographs already; it seems he has been already gripped by Haveli forbidden beauty.

After lunch, old man started telling them the much awaited story-about a 

 at the heart of the village.

The old forlorn man in her late eighties told Akansha that creepy banyan tree used to be a pond a very beautiful pond with lovely blossoming trees & gardens — nearby & village was prosperous from the best of harvesting of all sorts of crops 

.

 Akansha eyes got twitched & heart beat seems to have skipped a beat or two for few seconds, she quietly rove her bewildered eyes around the room sensing mounting nervousness in her body, she wanted to jump out of misery & shock but she sat there on the rusty velvet couch, stunned .

 He continued disturbed & scared –his voice was brisk–

 “Whenever any girl child used to born at our village , we used to kill her drowning her here in the water pit pond , which now infamously hold the dark waters grudges for the passersby  it seems —The village has never accepted a girl child born except brides, from far flung villages. Many mothers tried to confront this pratha (custom), many tried to save their girls by hiding or fleeing but somehow not all of them were lucky.” The pond once filled with the beautiful water plants & serenity was becoming a death pit for innocent newborn girls, deathbeds for innocent just born lives & which seems to have strained with their blood & cries, all over. The ponds, afterwards, started drying up, drought came to our village, animals started off dying & many villagers perished in epidemic which gripped the village for long. 

He murmured something in Sanskrit first—

 probably then echoed few lines—-“Maa Shakti has denounced us. Maa Shakti has cursed us. Maa Shakti has punished us. 

The 

 was placing wrath of its suppressed anguish from past many generations, for the yearning & for the blood thirst, as it was 

 turn, now. On every 

 there has been a series of gruesome murders of passersby’s, travelers, tourists, animals, which seems to be directed to make a 

, with all those who somehow escaped this custom or have been connected with it from their past lives. Those who believe in Afterlife, Past Regression & Psychokinesis, would see it as an extension to, reasoning & beliefs.

He continued, after few pauses & sighs, now facing Akansha…. 5 girls were born 35 years back on March 11th, 1977, twins girls were born to haveli only heir 

. Supriya was pregnant with their first child, & there was a happiness surrounding all the months, to welcome Haveli heir soon. The much awaited day came & Supriya gave birth to twin girls—now the Haveli was gripped in sudden fears & it was inevitable, that they can’t escape from the customs which Haveli has been practicing. 

. So, it was decided among themselves that they going to announce that Supriya gave birth to only girl, a way-out suggested by their trusted aide. Later, after mad frenzy was over & villager’s vampirism steak was insatiate, they all managed to escape from that ill-fated Haveli. But only after, life of 

 innocent breathing girl child was sacrificed & the custom was invincible at least, not even the educated or Riches have been able to save their child life. That trusted aide was this lone man, a sole inhabitant & loyal servant of Old Haveli.

breathe many dates

It was a choice of destiny, fate, kismet, power or connection or whatever name u may give.  

Arnaav was startled & speechless to see the face of human being(s) so cruel, what’s on the name of gender did these biases exist in our minds? Who told us to behold customs which have little meaning to civilized etiquette? Who has decided that its girls who have been burden on the family? Then why we worship Shakti? Why?Why this menace of Female Infanticide is still looming ,creeping & horrifying our future beautiful dates ?

Still he knew deep inside his subconscious, that the practice still continues, even within the educated masses too. 

Later Akansha & Arnaav went to pay, Tribute/homage/offerings, to 

. She wept there uncontrolled, thinking about her sister & all other innocent girls, asked for forgiveness, for all & peace to all of them. She felt very calmed, later, as now she got the answers to all her questions. 

It does changed life of many & still no one can ever medically & reasonably ascertain these facts ,  all of the girls—Sumaira, Gauri, Akansha & maybe many unknown others, were normal after that 

.

 

 Manchester, Present day Date, Startling news

—-A lady abused her 4 kids & tried to kill them all. —–

—A bus carrying winners of All-State tennis champions, met with an accident, fatal enough that no survivors were recalled.

Benxi Hu Colliery, China, Startling news

—A tragedy occurs, so badly, 1,549 miners were dead, owing to colliery accidents—

Illinois, Present day Date, Startling news

 —A man killed his wife & twins daughters & other 2 kids, owing to family discord.

India, Present day Date, Startling news

—–A city doctor kills unborn girl live fetus & feed to his dogs. —-

—-Family abandons one day born girl on road. —-

—–Fetus of unborn girls have been found dumped in Polythene—-

—-Family torched down their daughter-in-law & new born baby, the baby was a girl—-

 The date is still killing people, chains of events triggered anxiety & phobias for many lives for the future dates.

 Date is a killer, like many of us?

Take care!!

__END__

