WINDOW SHOP – Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rita was all alone in the house and busy in enjoying her sluggish summer afternoon with herself. At the sometime the door bell rang and Rita thought may be she will get someone’s company to spend the lazy time in chitchat.

Rita opened the door with lot of enthusiasm and conceiving lot of fun ideas in mind but when she opened the door she saw a “fariwala” (salesman) with more than ten carpets on his head.

Rita now was in a confused state and was about to close the door but could not do so, because the “fariwala” greeted him with a warm smile on his face. She than thought it is her chance to do some “window shop”

The salesman introduced himself to Rita” Madam I’m Raghu from Kolkata. Iam trying to sell the carpets but could sell only few and today is last day of my voyage to this town .probably you are may last customer. If you have time I would like to show you the creations.”

Rita also said” yes of course” just in order to pass her lazy and boring time and to convert it into a focus of discussion for her next kitty party without any intention to purchase any item.

She took almost more than an hour to just see the designs, texture and colors of the ten carpets that Raghu have. But after some time Rita realized that Raghu is sincerely trying to sell her the products so, she instantaneously changed the banter by telling him that,

“I didn’t like the colors of the carpet they do not unify with my carpets”

Raghu as an veteran salesman could also understand by looking at the changed color of Rita ‘s face she was just trying to make him fool and simply doing time pass so, now he decided to teach her a good lesson so, that she never try this on some one else.

At the same time some of Rita’s friends joined her in the window shop and stared to appreciate the work done on the carpets and Rita was in an anomalous pose.

Raghu also took the advantage of that time and said, “madam I think you don’t have the budget so, you are trying to circumvent me”

Rita said” no ‘that’s not the matter I have the money.” As she don’t want to affronted in front of her friends.

Now, Raghu wrathfully said, “then show me the money if you have the money.”

Rita said “I don’t feel the need to show you or attest you anything.”

The conversation stared to convert into a fighting on the issue who is correct and who is off beam

After some more time Rita realized that the tête-à-tête is worthless so, she closed the door by saying” keep your magic carpet with you I don’t need them”

Rita could grasp her fault and promised herself never to repeat such blunder again.

__END__

