Social Short Story – Seasons and Colours

Photo credit: 

 from 

A man became conscious and slowly opened his eyes from the deep sleep after hearing a loud cry of a wild dog. He discovered himself in snow-covered land without any trace of other living beings except a wild dog. He just gazed the dog for few moments and then started walking towards an unknown direction. The dog also followed him. Neither a single sound nor any eye contacts were exchanged between them during the journey.

After long travelling they arrived at a small town. As soon as they entered the town they saw a beautiful woman was being tortured for an hour using the ‘Judas Cradle’ and then ‘stoned to death’ in front of a large crowd with everyone enjoying and celebrating her death. They started walking again and stopped besides a liquor bar where a group of drunken people were spitting on each other. They stopped spitting for one or two minutes. Then they started hurting each other using knives which they have carried with them. Only one survived in the process without his one hand and one leg.

The man and the dog move on and see a ceremonial orgy was going on in a ruined ‘satanic church’ and all of them masked themselves as Satan. Some of them kidnapped both the man and the dog and cut the head of the dog in front of the man and offered the blood to an idol of a ‘Satan’. Then four of them drink all the blood which became sacrament. They put a satanic mask on the man’s face and forced him to join the orgy. But the man managed to escape from that place.

While running away from the church he heard a ‘Pagan folk song’. The sound was coming out from a nearby forest located towards the end of the town. He went into the forest and discovered an old half-constructed house where a group of ‘occultists’ were living together. The master of the group came to the man and asked him, “Did you enjoy the season, my child?”

The man replied “no”.

The master said “What do you want?”

The man answered “death”.

Then the master chanted some words in a rhythmic pattern putting both of his hands on the man’s head. Slowly the man converted into a wild dog and the master made the wild dog disappeared to a snow-covered land.

–END–

