Social Short Story – Monster of Reasons

Living is easy if you just negate the reasons to Act. People tend to act to blend in society which makes it harder for them to live.

“Hey bro how was your summer” ? he asked to me while tapping my head.

It was the beginning of Monday morning after holidays, school started today.

“It was summer” I replied while adjusting on my seat. He gave me disgusting look and went back to other classmate . I was alone again. Nothing changed, I was same as before. Just same creepy loner guy at the end of classroom. They called me Monster of Reasons because i always had reasons to do something. I never did anything without a reason and never took interest in class activities. School was just a stepping stone to me. Students came one by one , talking about their summer and their trip etc. Nobody bothered to ask me and i did not cared. I spent my summer at home watching television and sleeping because i thought going out in this heat is idiotic. Why sweat when you can just relax in your air conditioner eating oranges.

Class started , teacher took attendance and we all went for our morning assembly. Classes commenced like always . I was not bad at studies not too good. After class ended we were asked to submit our assignment and teacher asked me to bring them to the teacher’s room. I took them to the teacher, I put them on table and started going back to class “Stop” Jagga sir called me. He was our biology teacher. “Yes sir” I replied.

“Meet me after school”, he asked me and left for his class. I was shocked, why a nobody like me is asked to meet after school and its still first day of school and I haven’t done anything wrong. I went back to my class. I was unable to focus but however classes ended and students started their club activities. I went to staff room. Jagga sir was there sipping tea. He was alone .

” come on sit down” he said while sipping tea.

“You have friends?”He asked suddenly.

I was surprised but i calmed down and answered ” you only need friends when you want to share your happy and sad moments, and I don’t need to do that, I like to keep my memories to myself” I replied grinning.

“look here, do you want to live your whole life like a loner without anyone beside you” he asked while trying to intimidate me.

“What’s wrong with living alone, you have less to worry about , you can do things however you want without worrying about what other person might think, you can be yourself unlike a pretend to be person. There will be nobody to hurt you and life will be easy. People pretend to be a person of interest of people in front of them and end up hurting themselves at end because you can’t change what you are deep inside. You may not believe but I quite like myself and I try to be myself . Love, money, fame its all nothing but a method to escape our solitude which awaits our future ” I took deep breath after completing my statement.

Jagga sir was still in shock from my reply, he had no words, he was still the trying to cope with my reply. “Call me a ‘Monster of Reasons’ or ‘monster of selfishness’ but this a monster your society created and ultimately its the survival of fittest” i said and took my leave without knowing why he asked that question, and what was he trying to do, guess I will never know and I actually don’t care because I am who I am ‘a monster’.

–END–

