Short Story – Faster Work at Government Organization

Social Short Story – Faster Work at Government Organization

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Kanu, one friend of Swapnil, needed to get one file signed from a Govt. Organisation. He had been seeking for their help for almost a year but in vain. The person who have to sign is continuously telling the same old story each and every day Kanu visits him.

“Yes I remember..how long will it take to sign..but actually not getting the file currently..so have to find out some time and search for the file…You better come on day after tomorrow and this time I would surely search and keep it handy, so that the moment I see you entering the office, I could sign and be ready to hand it to you once you reach my desk.”

So Kanu now understood that he has to bring Swapnil into picture. He narrated the whole story to Swapnil.. Swapnil decided to go with Kanu the next day.

The moment they entered the office, Swapnil told Kanu to take him near the person’s desk who needs to search his file and sign the same.

They were very near the person’s desk. The person noticed that Kanu was coming, which again both of them noticed but the man never knew that his notice was also noticed by them. Another man was sitting at his desk urging for something, but the man was unmoved. Swapnil and Kanu started waiting for the other man to leave so that they could get hold of the chairs and sit. Since the man thought that they knew the man was unaware about their presence, he continued doing his work, when he could have called them to listen to them as the man’s request was never heard even by the officer.

Swapnil almost whispered to Kanu, but at least with such strength that it reaches the man’s ears. “What a old style this is to keep jewellery and then hand it over to his favourite!!! Couldn’t your grandpa kept it in the bank? Ok!! But are you sure that it is nowhere inside your house?”

Kanu said as per plan, “No, I am sure..Also think it logically..All jewellery almost in today’s day of worth around 50 lacs was all dumped inside a water pot. Now this water pot if was dumped inside the mud where our house stands, we would had had to break our floors to take that out.. Grandpa was very clever. He won’t do this..He surely have put somewhere, where he knew that it would remain a field for ever where no house would come up.”

Swapnil annoyingly repeated his words and said, “Yes very clever indeed he was!!! So no bank!!! And also if not in bank then could he not tell and die where that is instead of making such a suspense thriller by writing in 30th page of a file? And how funny, that now you came to know that, that file is this one which is lying here in this office…Don’t you think that it is almost like a open almirah!!! Its good that till today the man never searched for the file..Otherwise if he would have kept his words, he would have gone through each page and had came to know where that is and within that night itself he could have had completed his task of becoming a rich man.”

The man sitting and requesting now went off and it was their turn to sit and start. But before they start, the man hurriedly said, “O!! Kanu, for sure day after tomorrow..And this time I would pay you if still not searched.. See I would write this in a paper and also sign and give it to you. Tell me how much do you want me to pay?”

Swapnil whispered, “50 lacs!!!”

Kanu continued, “No Sir, its fine, this time by your words only I am sure you would search and keep the file ready signed. But sir why not tomorrow?”

“O because I am not coming to the office tomorrow.”

Swapnil again whispered, “How could he come tomorrow when he would be awakened tonight!!!”

Kanu and Swapnil left but never left the office. They waited beside the main door and kept watching the man. Immediately after they left, the man hurried towards the racks allotted to him. Then the moment he came back with the file to his seat, Swapnil and Kanu came back and said, “I think I left my purse here..O no!! not here also..then where is it? O sir you have got the file..You really keep your words..Please sign the file and give it to me now that you had been successful in getting the file!!!”

The man knew he was witted, but still turned over the pages not to check whether everything was fine, but to count and check the 30th page which he knew was having no address about the water pot and then turned directly to last page, signed and handed the file to Kanu.

__END__

