Social issue Short Story – Unending battle

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Where are we going, papa?”

“To a place where we never experience melancholy,son”

“Do you think the boy will understand what you said ,sir?” asked a girl.

“I know what is melancholy……..it’s feeling sad ……………….right, papa?”

“Yes, son”

“Your boy is witty, sir” the girl said

“Papa, why are we going on a boat?”

“There is no other way of reaching the desired place, son . If we cross this sea, we could easily reach the place, son.”

“Papa, what is this place that we are travelling to?”

“Freheit, son”

“You are very proud of your boy, sir. That was evident in your eyes”

“Yes, miss. By the way, who are you?”

“I am Amira.”

“I am mohammed and his name is Eliyas.”

“Our entire world was smashed, wasn’t it Amira?”

“Yes sir. But I am fortuitous to have escaped.”

“Sorry, I couldn’t understand you………………………..”

“I am a slave, sir. I am a slave to those who waged war against us. They tortured and molested me many times a day, sir.”

“Papa, why is miss amira crying?” “Nothing, son. You won’t understand.” “How did you escape then,amira?”

“I couldn’t remember exactly what had happened, sir. But a group of rebels rescued me from the ruckus while the war was on”

“You are very brave, dear Amira.”

“Where is Mrs.Mohammed,sir?”

“She died there, amira .She was brutally killed by those people.”

“I am sorry,sir.”

“These are drastic conditions that we are facing, Amira.”

“But soon we will be entering Freheit.”

“Don’t expect too much from that country, Amira. We will be treated as equally as slaves there.”

“But sir, I heard that their country’s chancellor was inviting migrants.”

“That was a mere protocol. Do you think the people of Freheit will accept us?”

“Why not,sir?”

“Poor girl,the people of Freheit are already feared of migrants. They are protesting against the government to cease the process of inviting migrants.”

“Sir…”said amira as her voice trembled.

“Don’t worry,Amira.”

“Papa, Freheit will welcome us …………………….”

“I hope so, son.”

“amira, could you see men with guns standing on the shore?”

“Yes,sir.”

“Within a few minutes, they will seize us from entering freheit.”

“What are you talking about, sir?”

“You will get to know. Stand by my side,Amira. They are guarding their border.”

Hundreds of boats reached the shore crossing the Krieg sea. Thousands of migrants tried to cross the border. They were stopped by some men and fight erupts between the two. Some migrants lost their lives in that fight.

“Amira, be quick.”

“Sir, it’s impossible to cross the border.”

“No, we can. Take eliyas with you and hide somewhere.”

“Papa, I am coming ………………………”

“No, son……… you have to go with Amira.”

“Take care,Amira.”

The migrants stood victorious in the fight. They crossed the fencing and reached freheit. Mohammed came to the place where Amira and his son were hiding.

“Amira……We can go now .Come on” “Yes, sir……we are coming.”

 As they were walking,

“We got freedom Amira. Experiencing the joy of liberty is a great feeling…. isn’t it Amira?” “Sir…..Eliyas…….”

“What happened to him?” “Eliyas…………………………….”

“He is not opening his eyes………………….”

As the sun set in the evening, the boy’s future dried down in front of his father. A year later, “Amira this is the place where I lost my future…..”

 “Yes, papa”

“I could still imagine my boy in a red t shirt lying down on the shore of this sea, life less.”

“You took away my son, krieg………” howled mohammed.

“I am going, Amira. I am going to the place where it all started.”

“No papa, you can’t.”

“I am lifeless now, dear. All I wanted to do now is to kill. Kill those bas##rds who were responsible for all this. Take this money, Amira.”

Amira was crying as Mohammed left.

–END–

