After the very turning point vacation we were coming back to Bangalore. It’s our original work place, but this time with much worth new responsibilities as new parents.

Before coming only we had a very long lasting over months debate how to safe guard the baby when both parents go to work. Will hire a fully time nanny, working hour nanny with any side grandparents etc. After the landing we stayed in a hotel for few days to make our house clean & especially livable for our little one. After so much requests we could not get any nanny from our native.

Finally we came to our house after few days. At the main gate I was checking with the security guards to get any nanny if they know & suddenly he said madam this girl looking for some work. As the precise CV of professionals she gave me a short intro to her previous work expertise where she was looking after a baby in the same society….Her name was Monalisha & trust me she was that beautiful too.

She was herself a very delicate looking small girl very much looking similar to my family but ethics in my husband is always way active. He asked me to check if she is 18+ or not. After the satisfied verification we entered the house. Along with our baby she entered into our house our life.

Life started with believes building up with each tiny bricks. Gradually we all got adjusted. At sharp 9 mostly she will ring the bell & the baby will run towards the door to see her. Every weekend she will wait for some different nice food to test.

When we are busy in making plans life happens. So life was already making some plan, suddenly one day she said she will leave this work as her father is not well. I became very selfish to understand her situation but my husband believes in ground level clearance. So as per his suggestion we bide her comfortable farewell. Although this was no difference in my baby’s behavior, we both adults started missing her. I had a very bad feeling for her as I was not able to do anything outstanding for her in life. We are still in contact, after her father’s death she got married to someone immediately.

Now that small tiny delicate girl is a wife but I think can she really was ready for this entire situation???The twinkles I saw in her eyes for new dresses for some yummy grapes or some chatpata kurkuare do not allow me to believe she was ready. What keeps running in my head is she even can’t tell the place where she is staying with her husband. Which state or town also she has no idea. What her husband does also was unknown to her.

A grief in me grows every day to me when I think of not being able to do something for her, in the second thought again I recall her name & hold my faith.

She is Monalisha, praying her life to be justifying her true meaning.

–END–

