Social Short Story – The Lost Faith

Photo credit: 

 from 

Mr. Moloy Saha, the bank manager of PTPC Bank was waiting for me in my Guest Room.

I entered into the room and greeted him by saying Good Morning.

Then I said – Yes Mr Molly why PTPC bank is offering me an Overdraft account of 125 Crores, how does PTPC bank have so much faith on me.

I regret Mr. Raushan Jha but this is an unexpected and irrelevant question as it is well known that you are the Topmost Industrialist in this city.

I replied  – ok then the deal is given not to me but my topmost position.

(Mr. Moloy was confused)

Okay I accept your deal, you may carry all the formalities with my Secretary Navin.

Just after Mr.Moloy leaves the room, Navin Kumar my Secretary as well as my friend asked me in complaining voice “Raushan, why have you accepted the deal, when you were getting much better offer from other banks”.

All the past memories was moving around my eyes. I said ” you know Navin I have once worked in this bank.”

Navin was just shocked watching towards my face. I begin –

After completing my graduation I find a job in Loan Documentation Department in PTPC Bank. My father was so happy that his son has got a job in Bank. He fixed my marriage with a girl Naina on 27th of August 2006. With the permission of my family I started conversation with the Girl and slowly slowly we get to know each other and like each other.

My job was almost 6 months completed then one Day three teachers arrived at my branch wearing dhoti kurta and two of them were wearing thick glasses over their eyes. I respect teachers a lot because they guide us the way through the journey of life and I was very much glad that they were from my childhood school.

They came to me for a loan of Rupees 8 Lakhs each, I gone through the details and find that they were eligible for a loan of that amount. I did not verified the documents enough as they were teachers and from my childhood schools. I sanctioned the loan from my side and send it to the head office for approval.

Our Branch manager received an email from the head office that all the documents of these three teachers are forged, the person involved should have taken money to sanction the loan.

I was shocked, my faith was cheated, my reputation was on stake, I was blamed to take bribe where I haven’t taken a single penny.

There was nothing more to say and explain I just resigned the bank but it was just 20 days before my marriage. I explained total story to my family and Naina’s family. My father-in-law wants to break the marriage but Naina (today my wife) said her father ” Whether Mr. Raushan be in a bank or somewhere else, I have faith on him. He cannot do anything wrong. What if this would have happened after marriage. I have accepted him as my husband and I know in future he will be in a better position than today”.

The marraige completed on the same date, I started working as an accountant in a plastic toy factory. One day I purchased 500 shares of KCB Company and by luck suddenly the share price gone up multiple times. Then by that money I opened a Toy factory.

Today by gods grace 

 (Raushan Naina) Toys are a brand and we have branches all over Asia and even in Europe. The bank which did not faith me for a loan approval of 24 lacks are now eager to provide me 125 crores.

Navin after listening to me with his wet eyes says ” Really dear – Money creates and destroys faith in this materialistic world and now today you have gained your lost faith”.

__END__

