Life is always full of surprises. We never know what is next, it’s much better by that way. I got placed in one of the major IT company in India. I used to travel a lot in fact I love to travel. I like to visit places unfortunately I was bounded by family all the time means wherever I go somewhere, someone closely associated to my family will directly or indirectly keep a watch for my wellbeing. I promised myself to jump out of this boundary. I managed somehow and moved to Chennai. There were lot of ups and downs but I was very sportive and adopted any kind of life style.

When there was an option to work in North India my HR refused to transfer me to Noida. She simply stated that I don’t know Hindi and it will be horrible to survive in there without any assistance. But fortune was by myside, team don’t have any alternative and they accepted. My intuition says that it is going to be a quest. Within three days myself and another five from my team were travelling in Tamil Nadu Express. At last a long-awaited journey started. I never know that it is going to change my lifestyle.

This was the first time I am travelling in an AC coach. Within an hour, I felt bored when people around me inside that compartment were busy with their mobile phones and books. Except me all my colleagues speak Hindi well and they start to chit chat all I can give them is a dry smile whether I understand or not. When I walked within the compartment people start to stare as if I am a thief and I don’t want to have a glance back like that so I came back to my seat. The compartment was so chill without any fresh air so I want to get out of that place.

When I reached the door, here comes our stranger. I saw a middle-aged woman standing next to the door. She was little bit bulgier so she doesn’t need her hands to hold herself against the door. We both made an eye contact and soon she judged that I was there to have a smoke try to move away from there. But I signaled her to stay there so I can reach and occupy the next door. When I opened the door it creeped of course she was annoyed. I smiled and start to view the Deccan plateaus. She passed a chewing gum to me I forget the basic protocol of travel (Never ever get take any eatables from your neighbor). I grabbed one and she introduced herself as Shashi.

We both chit chatted for another ten minutes, mostly whereabouts the travel and she gave a dry run about herself. She was an entrepreneur and an explorer then she moved on to her seat. By the time my colleagues start to search me to get my hard disk. I moved on and introduced her to my mates. She starts to speak about her explorations especially about the visit to Ladakh. I am the only one to make nuisance there asking about how she planned and about the amenities. She shared most of her experiences both good and bad.

Before boarding on to this train she visited to lot of temples in Tamil Nadu. She mentions about the care and support she received from the locals and talks a lot about the architecture of the olden temples in Tamil Nadu. After all this I start to realize that I visited to most of these places but never mind about its worth. “Distance lends enchantment to the view” I read it in my school but I realized the fact once reached. She gave lot of tips for my wellbeing.

By the time, I am typing this boring page she might be wandering somewhere in the north-east of India.

Cheers…

–END–

