Social Short Story – Da.. Da…

Photo credit: 

 from 

He left home after a long battle with his parents over a financial issue. He was so upset with everything though something seemed to make him smile and busy all the time. He was thinking of a beloved one. He was heading for his only place of recovery. He was going to the masjid.

It was 6.16 pm. He walked slowly as he was saying his prayers along the way. Then suddenly there was a group of small kids playing on the way. They were so busy talking and laughing. Some of them were drawing pictures on the ground while others were running in circles. He smiled for the memories of childhood he remembered. He moved his gazes to each child with a lovely smile.

Then from among the group, a little lovely sweet kid came rising her hand to him. She raised he right hand to shake it with him. He was astonished yet so delighted. He smiled at her and crouched in front of her. He silently shook hands with her. She smiled innocently and her eyes were sparkling like small pearls. Then she retreated back to the group. He felt something in his hand so he smelled it. It was the smell of a kind of chips she was eating. He laughed happily and he continued in his way to the masjid.

A week passed. The three years old kid has found the love of a father with him. She found passion and tenderness when observing him walking to the masjid. She memorised the times when Saif would walk for the prayer. She started to observe him by standing outside the door of her home. Saif did not realise that the little kid was always watching him before each prayer. He did not expect such loyalty from a small princess. The little kid learnt to wait for him each time the masjid calls for a prayer.

Someday, Saif was walking near her home. He passed her though he did not notice her. The little kid could not stand silence so she started following him. However, he mother called on her;

“Lubabah, where are you?”

She replied back;

“…comin’ mom,” she said.

Saif heard the little kid’s voice behind him so he turned back and saw her running back home. He realised that she was following him. He was amazed. Then after the prayer when he was walking back home he saw the little kid waiting outside her home. He smiled at her, though she smiled back, she shyly retreated inside and she slowly closed the door keeping a small narrow gap between the door and the wall so she could see him passing by. He saw her lovely glittering eyes through that narrow gap but he continued on.

Day after day Saif would always look at the place where she would always wait for him. She realised that he has discovered her little secret but she liked to see him whenever he passes by. Saif felt like being her father so he paid special attention to her each time he walked near her home.

A month later, Saif realised that she was no longer waiting for him. He stopped near the door of her home once and he searched for her. She was not there. Then he comforted himself by his hope to see her when he returns back from the masjid. Later when he walked back, she was not there too. He started worrying about her as if she was his own daughter.

He decided to ask about her before going to the masjid for Alaser prayer the next day. Saif was really concerned about her to the extent that he wanted to ring the bell of her home and ask about his little princess. Luckily when going for Alaser prayer he found a group of small kids playing. He searched for her but she was not there with them so he turned towards a small boy playing on the ground.

“Where is Lubabah?” he asked.

“Sick… in bed…” the boy replied.

Saif remained thoughtful for a moment and he got sad when he heard about her sickness. He walked slower than any time before while he was thinking for a way to heal his heart. Then he wondered;

“Why do I feel sad for her? Why does she make me feel so?”

He entered the masjid with a hopeful wish for her to recover soon so he would see her smile; just her smile.

Another day passed, and Saif has grown more worried yet more hopeful to see her. However his wish was granted when he was going for Almagrib’s prayer. He was about to pass his princess’s castle when Lubabah’s mother appeared near the door. She was carrying her little daughter. Lubabah’s head was leaned on her mother’s left shoulder. Saif could not believe his eyes. He wanted to see her so he gazed at her. Lubabah though was still ill; she moved her head up and stretched her arm to point at Saif. She innocently waved her lovely hand to Saif.

“Da da…” she said with a soft sound.

The mother was surprised. She looked at her innocent daughter waving her hand to Saif.

Saif smiled at Lubabah. He was so delighted to see his princess with her mother. Then he continued on his way to the masjid with his hopeful heart for the future he longs to make with a beloved one.

__END__

