It was drizzling that day when I woke up and when I opened my window, the fresh drizzle washed my face. I felt a sense of joy running in my veins. It was an odd rainfall and nothing else. That feeling was mesmerizing that pushed me to think if a few fresh rain drops have such great power or it’s just my mind.

Things change and so do we. I always want to cherish the memories that I believe are precious for me, for my life. It was one of those rains. Deep within I know that I am tired and want to take rest; but a great fear of loneliness always push me to keep working. I have no reasons to complain.

That day, I felt like taking a day off from work and cherish those unexpected beautiful moments. The soothing breeze and the drizzle, I dropped a text to my Manager and gave him a reason that I do not feel like coming to office today and I will manage my works on time. I could not wait to receive a reply from him. I wore my rugged jeans, a pink t-shirt and flip flops. I really wanted to be bare foot that day but then I realized, the roads won’t have flower beds for me. I locked the door of my room but kept the window opened and almost ran out of the building. There weren’t too many people out. It was afternoon and most of the shops were shut. I walked in the rain and played with water on the roads. I jumped on the water, it felt awesome and to my surprise, the unknown pain I was carrying went off. I felt as if the nature is showering ample love on me and saying not to feel lonely. I walked quite a distance and didn’t even carry some cash or cell phone.

I saw some street children playing in the rain. I stood there for some time to enjoy that scene. Totally drenched, I craved for a strong adrak wali chai. When I felt that all the wounds of my heart are flushed away by the rain, I came back home. I took a shower, wore a floral print dress, switched on the Radio and started preparing a cup of tea. An icing on the cake was an old song played in FM, Rim Jhim Gire Sawan.

Holding a cup of tea, I dreamt of someone with whom I would be able to share a cup of tea someday with some melodious romantic music and loads of talks.

It doesn’t matter as to who I would have in my life to share those moments, what matters is, the feeling that I developed for a stranger. A stranger, who would not know that someone would have been thinking of him.

The feeling of love is inexpressive and it’s not those 3 words. The feeling of love is far beyond that, a smile can express love and even the eyes. The eyes won’t change but how they look at a person changes.

I would want to express that love for that stranger through my eyes and smile.

A walk in the rain, a cup of tea and waves of thoughts made my day beautiful. I slept well cherishing those moments.

–END–

