With a heavy heart, she went to bed again, hoping for a good morning. Residing in a small town. Want to move to a metropolitan city to fulfil all she has ever dreamed of because this is the time.

Looking her mother she knew that she has to change this. ‘This’ defines her mother’s agreement to settle with the situation. ‘This’ tells about her mother’s fate. ‘This’ is not meant for her she believed.

In this modern era who thought that these dramatical stories do exist. And so she was told many times that the world is not philosophical anymore. But she still wants to see a smile on her mother’s face.

She held her mother’s hand and assured: “you tried your best mum and so the best will soon come to you”. Because she cannot let her mum believe that not all the time hard working people win. She has not lost hope because she wants to prove that God is not unjust. She is still struggling because she wants to test the quotations of all successful people. Because she wants to create her own fate.

‘I’ve hands and feet and brain’ and ability and intellect which she keeps on improving. Opportunities and facilities, she keeps seeking. She is afraid to take a helping hand though she needs it. She doesn’t want embarrassment as she still holds her values.

Striving each day for a positive change. Some times she gets tired of getting no result and seeing the situation getting worse. So, she put her down and lay on the ground looking at the beautiful night sky. The one held by the invisible pillars. What a fantasy is to be there. A place with darkness all around and no gravity looking at this planet and many other rocks there. She imagines herself to be in that beautiful night sky, far from this worldly life. Close to her own self. This is how she prepares herself for struggling another day.

She looked around and found the world moving for a better tomorrow but she is still there trying to move with the same pace. You will ask her, she will say ‘I’m fine’. She doesn’t want the world to show sympathy.

She needs to get into the struggle and break free from this depressing life. Her dream is so clearly painted in her eyes with fine lines and sparkles. That one day it will be painted in reality, that one day her mother’s face would lift up, that one day she would give a quotation that would inspire others do the same.

–END–

