For someone there will be a stage in life which has no significance at all. All days will be same with nothing special. Days pass monotonously. For them eating and talking will be the only evidence of living.

Our hero Adithya is going through the above mentioned stage. He finished his graduation in engineering and doing nothing now. He screwed up in campus recruitment and all other interviews he attended. Later he himself lost the belief in getting a job and stopped trying.

His father, Govind, was a scientist in ISRO and he was the sole reason for Adithya’s Engineering graduation. He wanted Adithya to get into ISRO like him as he was well aware of the privilege that a scientist will get in the society. But things didn’t worked as he thinks. Man proposes God disposes is true in the case of him. Adithya had no interest in doing engineering and he considered the last day of the college as the best one. He finished the degree just because of the fear he had towards his father. So many times then he had thought to elope somewhere and then dropped the idea.

Govind always blame Thara, his wife, for pampering and thereby spoiling Adithya. Thara, like every mother, supported her son whenever Govind scolds him for not doing or even trying for any job. Nobody can blame Govind for being angry with his son as it was a genuine reaction that can expected from a father whose son was good for nothing. Govind doesn’t have any answer when his colleagues ask about Adithya’s job or what he was doing. How can a father say his son was doing nothing with pride. Whenever he come across a question about his son , he simply gets frustrated and hung his head down. He shows all his temper tantrums to Adithya and Thara which is casual incident to both of them now a days. Even though Adithya gets hurt with his words, he leave the space without a single comment. But the intensity of Govind’s insult reach its pinnacle during family or friends get togethers.

As Sundays are the days for get together,his relatives and friends will visit him or vice versa. Adithya’s heart comes out in Saturday itself while he thinks about the consequences of Sunday. All Saturday nights are quite sleepless for him. Govind presents his son as somebody who spoiled his dreams and criticises him in front of others. He calls his son as a shameless one who still living in his parents money as his friends are well settled. Sometimes his words kills Adithya and he shows all his frustration towards his mother. This incidents always create a friction between him and his father. He always thought his father as a tyrrant who never understands his son. He restarts his job searching after one of those Sundays.

Major reason for his failures in interviews is his disinterestedness in what he had studied and lack of self confidence. He is trying to overcome those issues by faking too much of interest in what he studied in front of the interview board. His confidence level increases along with the increasing number of interviews he attended.

He stopped going to temple on the very day he joined in the engineering college that was against his wish. Thara always warn him for his indifference towards God. She even says that was the reason for his failures. Days are passing ( most importantly ‘Sundays’) but things didn’t change much.

One day for Thara’s surprise Adithya accompanies her to the temple. She was in a cloud nine as her son changed his mindset and she sees that as a good sign for his success. She watches her son praying whole heartedly and cries with immense joy.

On the way back Thara asks him whether he had prayed for getting a job. In reply to that he says,

‘Getting a job is not easy I know, but I am sure I will get it without the help of God. Maybe it will not be as prestigious as my father’s job or may be it will not apt for an engineering graduate. I am least concerned of the dignity of jobs now. So that I can do any job and I am sure I will get one. I don’t need the help of your God for that. What I need from Him is something that is incapable for humans. You are the one who always says God can create wonders, He is omnipotent , He will listens to your prayers if it is genuine, so and so. My only prayer to your God is to eliminate Sundays from the world.’

–END–

