Once there was lady named Mrs.Angela. She lives in the beautiful land of  Venice. She was a very happy-go-lucky woman and she had just crossed her sweet 60’s. Angela never argues with anyone and she always speak with other in a good way and all other person also respect her. But in front of her house there lived a Indian family which includes a mother whose name was Mrs. Sharmila Rao, her 12 years old daughter Neelam and her father Mr. Rao. Except all, Mrs. Sharmila hated Angela for a reason that she was from a different caste. Although Mrs. Sharmila never expresses this in front of anyone but she hates Mrs.Angela as she also thinks that they are Indians and they don’t eat non-veg but who knows Mrs.Angela eats this or not. So she never allowed anyone from her family to talk to her or see her and she also never allowed Mrs.Angela to enter her house .

But on the other hand, her daughter Neelam was very far away  from all these caste,creed etc. thing. She sometimes went to Mrs.Angela’s house without informing her mother and she enjoyed very much playing with her. But one day Her mother caught her in her house and she took Neelam with her and  slaps her hard. After few seconds ,Neelam faints and falls on the ground. Everyone gets shocked. Mrs.Angela tried to help Mrs. Sharmila in taking Neelam to hospital but she asked her to stay away from her daughter and she also puts blame on her that all this happened because of her.

She also said that -“who knows what did she give Neelam to eat so that she faints”.

Mr.Rao came there and asks her wife to stop blaming her but Mrs. Sharmila  said -“no!..all this happened because of her. i will not leave her if something happened to her.”After this everyone goes to hospital.

IN THE HOSPITAL

After checking Neelam, Doctors informs her parents  that-“The same thing happened for which we were not expecting. The medicines for her  kidney problem works but not to that extent so that it can be cured completely.Now  Neelam’s kidney has got some infection and she needs kidney transplant as soon as possible and this transplantation needs to be done in just 1 day.So you have to do it as soon as possible.”

Mr. and Mrs. Rao gets in tension and asked doctor to please save their daughter and they will arrange the kidney as soon as possible.They asks doctor to take their kidney and save Neelam but doctor said-“Its’s not possible as both of you already undergoing a medication for Malaria so we cant take the risk.Please find someone else fast.Please.”

Mr and Mrs. Rao then tries to find a kidney donor for Neealm but they cant find the right person.

ON NEXT DAY

Mr and Mrs. Rao came back to hospital to see if something is managed by hospital or not as they get failed in finding the donor.When they came to Neelam’s room they found the doctors operating her and they gets happy that hospital had managed to find a donor..now their daughter will be saved. After sometime ,Doctors came out and congratulate them for successful completion of operation.Mr and Mrs. Rao got very happy and they hugs her daughter and thanks god for this.

Then ,after 2 days,they took Neelam back to home.On the entrance of her home,Neelam stops for a second and turns towards Mrs.Angela’s home and stare the house for few seconds and she had some tears in her eyes. Mrs. Sharmila asked her-“What hapenned Neelam!is everything all right.”

Neelam says-“Yes mom,everything is right now. Now i will never go to Mrs.Angela aunt’s house and she will never make you angry.”

Mrs. Sharmila stands there silently for sometime and tries to understand her words. She also looks at Mrs.Angela’s house and feels something different as now she has no grudges for her. She don’t know why but she feels very disturbed and feels that she has gonna miss something for ever now and there is something that she cant repent for. But she don’t know why. And after that day Mrs. Sharmila never saw Mrs.Angela and also she never argued with any other caste person.

–END–

