Social Short Story – Different perspectives

Photo credit: 

 from 

It wasn’t a particularly sultry day but she was sweating like crazy. Her hands were clammy with continuous opening and closing of fist.She felt as if life was draining out of her.She slumped down on the bed as her legs gave away.She never expected her husband to forcefully tell her to hand over her hard earned money to his parents stubbornly insisting that it was her job to do so as a dutiful daughter in law .

” Isn’t this more like demanding dowry” she wondered. She did not mind the money part so much as much as having absolutely no say in the matter. Her in laws did not even require her salary but they wanted to assert their power.Her mother in law had never been particularly happy about the fact that she earned more than her son.She had always been independent and had worked her way through the college from the school days.Her parents always encouraged her and taught her to respect her ability as an earner and gave her the freedom to carve out an identity for herself.

She had met her husband at a friend’s marriage and after a short courtship ,she had said yes to him. She was very nervous when she met his parents for the first time but he was there to support her.His parents had proudly mentioned their son’s high salary but were astounded to know that she way earning even more than him. It had never bothered her husband.

“Where has that liberal man gone whom I had married?” she wondered absently clenching the bedsheet.Her throat felt parched .She decided to get herself a glass of water.In the kitchen her mother in law was cooking something. She turned in time to see her perturbed look but gave her a smirk as if to say ” You should have known and there is nothing wrong with it .”

She felt her old resolute self coming back after that smirk . She decided to keep the power over her life in her own hands and decided to use the word ” No” even if it meant a long drawn out battle of wills. She informed her husband about her decision and tried to reason with him citing her economic independence since her childhood.

” So much has changed in my life after marriage but I am not going to let someone take away my spirit” .

She reiterated her decision to her husband and picked up her handbag and walked out to get fresh air and perspective all the while silently thanking her parents for teaching her the power of ” No.”

–END–

