Social Short Story – The Addiction

Social Short Story – The Addiction

Avnish, a renowned software engineer while rising to new heights of his career is offered a project which requires extensive traveling and meeting with new clients to complete this work.

He is quite excited about it. He always desired a job where he can enjoy himself and this turned up to be a golden chance for him. Bugged up by working and creating software codes for the virtual world he can now experience the real world. He quickly packs his bag with all things needed for his journey, adequately remembering to keep each and everything required by him. He boards a car which drops him at the railway station station and he is now standing on the railway platform ready to start his journey.

Vendors are busy selling tea & various other ea-table items from snacks to cold drinks to food. It’s quite a rush and chaos on the platform with everyone hurriedly running to catch up their trains. Animals can be seen loitering around the platform. Some people are busy waiting for the train to arrive while others queue up at various shops nearby. Avnish looks for a place nearby to sit.

After eventually searching, finally he is able to find a place where he can manage his things and himself. After waiting for half an hour the train arrives which he needs to board. He hires a porter to carry his luggage and asks him to keep it on his seat which was reserved for him. The train starts moving and his journey to an entirely new world starts.

In the front seat of his compartment a medium aged man is sitting who looks at him as if he wants to say something to him. Avnish decides to know about the stranger to end the monotony of his tiring journey. Still many stations needs to pass by before he can reach his final destination.

The trains moving sound proves as a hindrance for effective communication. So he gets up from his seat & sits near to him. That man tells that he is traveling to find his lost daughter who was kidnapped by some miscreants and released for money. But she went missing after she was safely brought to home. His eyes get filled with tears and Avnish consoles him and gives assurance that he will help him in getting his daughter back to him.

The place where his daughter went missing was a station before the place where Avnish needed to go to meet his new clients and he had ample amount of time to help that man. So he plans to board a second train after helping him. All his time passes in gossiping with that man and now he starts liking him. In no time he arrives at that station where the man wanted to look for his daughter and they both step down the train with Avnish  carrying the luggage with him.

That man asks Avnish to sit until he hires a taxi which will take both of them to that place where his daughter went missing. Avnish does as the man says and is busy searching  his cellphone to get more information about the location which can help them in finding that man’s daughter.

After some time the man returns with the news that he was unable to find a taxi which was ready to go at that place where his daughter was lost. He asks him if  he can borrow his cellphone to make a call to his friend who can avail a car that can take them to that place. Avnish gladly handles his mobile to that man and there is an unknown happiness on his face of being able to help someone.

That man takes his mobile and goes at a place where Avnish can see him but cannot hear him. He calls the members of his gang to carry the package to it’s destination. He returns back and politely asks him to come with him & wait at that place from where his friend will pick them up. Avnish goes with that man and he takes him outside the railway station to a place where only one or two people can be seen.

After a while a car stops in front of him whose window panes are totally covered with dark black films and nothing can be seen from outside. That man asks Avnish to open its door and sit inside the car. Avnish is quite shocked when he opens the door to find people sitting inside were wearing masks & carrying guns in their hand. He cannot think of anything but only wants to get out of this trouble  somehow which was an  unforeseen, unexpected and an unfortunate one.

He has never ever met with such an horrible incident before in his life. He quickly takes out his mobile but till then it’s too late. That man behind him grabs him and covers his face with his handkerchief. Avnish’s cellphone drops from his hands and he fells down unconscious.

After he opens his eyes he finds himself at a place which is not known to him and finds himself locked up in a room. Only voices of celebrations can be heard from outside which only said,

” We were successful in our mission. So let’s celebrate it.”

He cannot understand that whether they were kidnappers or terrorists and that man whom he thought innocent and needy turned out to be a professional criminal. His life must have been playing a joke with him.

Entangled into his own thoughts he is unable to hear the voice of the door being opened. That man enters who brought him over here and asks him to become a drug smuggler happily by his own choice otherwise they will turn him into one. He blatantly says no and they inject him with drugs.

Avnish is given a dosage each and everyday and now he has become addicted to it to such an extent that now he cannot live without it. He does everything that man says and still roams at that platform which turned  his life into a nightmare. Sometimes he cries and sometimes laughs on his own fate. He still regrets for the day when he committed a minor but big mistake of trusting someone whom he didn’t knew and went with him foolishly trusting him blindly.

He now uses his mobile to form clients but for an entirely new business which he never ever had thought that he will ever venture.His physical health deteriorated rapidly since that day but he is still living in some other lost world of cruel people. He is still addicted to life.

__END__

