Parveen and Renu were married for almost 5 years, but they didn’t have any issue from their wedlock. By profession, Parveen was a Builder in Ashok Vihar, Delhi, whereas, Renu was a home tutor, teaching students of class 1 to 5 in groups at her own coaching center in the basement of her parental house. Both were in their thirties, with good income creation. Renu was very often insulted by her in-laws because she would always give only 1 reply that they are focussed on their careers, and will plan later on. Time was running, and the couple was busy in their professional growth.

In Jan 2015, both of them amicably decided to plan a child as they were now self-sufficient. Renu got pregnant in March the same year and conceived in next 9 months with twin boys. As expected, there was tremendous joy and excitement in their families. The most happiest person at that moment was Parveen’s mother whose dream of seeing her grandchildren had been fulfilled by her daughter-in-law. A grand function was organized to mark the arrival of two cute baby boys. Around 500 people were invited to embrace and bless the kids and the couple.

Parveen invited his business and the social circle. His father informed his relatives, and his mother called up her brothers to grace the occasion. It was a celebration which had best Indian and Mughlai food along with the hard and the soft drinks.

The invitees were asked to wear theme dresses. People were dancing on the western songs. Family members had two-day preparation from the choreographer who was called earlier for training.

The Naam Karan rituals were done, and they were given names by family pandit. Ish and Jaish were their names. It was already decided that No Mundan ceremony would be performed as the kids’ parents were against cutting the hair.

Parveen  was a responsible husband, caring son, and loving father. Despite his irregular availability at home, he was fully aware of bringing necessary baby care items, household stuff, sarees for her wife, and medicines for his ailing parents. He had approached a maid agency for a semi-skilled maid. He knew that it was his duty to take care of his family.

Professionally, his real estate business was doing pretty well despite the fact that there was a financial crunch in Real Estate Industry. But it didn’t affect him as he had already seen a boom in last 7 years and had made a good name for himself.

In 2005, he had taken a 2 floor(GF & SF) collaboration of 200 yards, and after selling the second floor- kept the Ground floor for himself. The market at that time was pretty low, and he got the benefit of taking the collaboration at a bargain price. From that time, Now the market had shot up by almost 200%.  When there is a will, there is a way- it happened with Parveen too. His builder community criticized him for taking collaboration when the market was depressed, but his stand was strong, had different perceptions in his mind.

Inference: A thick wall of 70 to 80% is created by the outsiders, and 20 to 30% is created by the person himself. It’s your strong determination that creates a win-win situation or Not to do Attitude.

It’s your life, your decision, your own common sense and strong belief system which can turn the high-rise tides into normal layers of water. When you decide that I have to do this(you have already done a lot of R & D)-no one can stop you from reaching your destination.

–END–

Rajan Mehra

