The Republic Day

The most awaited day of the year is here.

For some this day is a day of pride, for some it is a day of honor, for some this day is a day of tribute but for me this day is a day of inspiration, a day of motivation. This day in history is known as the Republic day. As far as I can remember I was five year old when my mother informed me about the glorious parade on 26th January. I was not quite sure of what this parade was about or who was in it. This worm of curiousness was growing faster than fungi. The only way to stop this was to watch this famous parade .

The next day was quite unusual, though it was holiday everyone in the house was up early . Now it was very necessary for me to know what was so special in this republic day parade show which made even my lazy sleepy brother get up so early. Everyone sat near the television as the parade was about to begin. I was still trying to analyze the specialty and importance of a empty long road filled with people on its side. And then what I sa , answered many of my questions. Most importantly , after the show I had found the aim of my life. I instantly fell in love with the uniform the people wearing. These people were walking in a very unique way, which was so beautiful and coordinated .

There was a group of women wearing same outfit, walking all coordinated and with some kind of a spark in their eyes. There was something about this spark which made me satisfied. That uniform inspired me to become one of them. That unique walk was the only thing which I wanted to learn .

As I grew older I knew why was that parade held, I knew who those people were, I knew that the unique style of walking was known as marching, I knew that the uniform was a symbol of pride, I knew why these people were so important. Now I was more firm on leading this group one day which was not only the pride of India but also the dignity of Indian women. All my questions were answered but I never knew the meaning behind the spark in the eyes of each and every one marching.

With a balanced mixture of excitement and patience I used to wait every year to view the breath taking parade. The feeling what I experienced was expressed in the form of goosebumps. Every time I watched the parade, I was more eager to be a part of that magical show. But I still didn’t understand the meaning of that spark. I wondered if anyone  understood or was it just me ?

But now I know. Now I have my answers as I am standing in the beautiful uniform I fell in love with, I am standing and waiting to walk in the unique style, I am standing and leading the group of women who are the pride of India, I am standing on the long Rajpath road on 26th January. There are many five year old girls waiting to get their answers in front of the TV. There are many more people waiting to watch the parade of soldiers who protect their country. There are many women like my mother waiting for me and my contingent to come.

Now I know what that spark means. It is the feeling of marching for your countr , it is the feeling of celebrating the real independent Incredible India, it is the feeling of being a proud Indian, it is the feeling of inspiring many other young girls , it is the feeling of 26th January, it is the feeling of celebrating the Republic day.

–END–

