Social Short Story – A PERFECT LIFE

Photo credit: 

 from 

A PERFECT LIFE…has many good meanings of each and every individual. It can be perfection in things you do, it can be having everything perfect around and feeling perfect.

It’s a story about a Virgo man who not only had perfection in whatever he did but also he did everything around him look perfect. He made people around perfect with his effort. He withstood everything and just strived in making the real meaning of the word Perfect a perfect one.

A man with a bright charmed smile, a down-to-earth approach whomever he met, a perfect posture in his walks & talks being a stunner & looks with attitude but actually humbly sweet at his heart.

He’s born with a very simple & decent family, grown as all other normal boys having all fun in his college & with family too..being happy sharing happiness leading a care free life. Things changed he became more responsible & serious as all go through at stage of life. But his approach was different. He had a humble approach, open mind, unselfish thoughts, forgiveness, big kind heart which welcomed all people around & wish to get all his loved ones to a great position in any aspects and unconditional love which was the positivity best he had.

Even a small dog or a creature cried he wept..he leaped if others are happy from him. He made all people comfortable. At the same time he had his great principles of life philosophies which said his rules not meant to be an army officer but which actually defines a beautiful life, which promoted happy living and which said ways to live at peace. He made things so lively that he spoke with people through their heart, rather than asking for his needs he always questioned their betterment before he approached his needs to any person he met. He connected with people through heart & soul not with money nor with needs. People remembered him wherever he visited nor for his tall fair lavish looks but along with which he had a blend of cultured approach with a grin wherever he went.

He was not a man of sober types he had seen everything in life which he says that made him realise what is real actual life is all about. He is not innocent but his approach & understanding on anything he trusted was innocent & he believed in epics. He understood the learnings of lord krishna the creator in a meaningful way.

One fine day he met with a girl who is simple, educated, stubborn, strict(at his own principles) & reserved. He found life in her .He sacrificed many of his favourite hobbies/addictions of life just for the sake of comfort zone to his loved one. He made all possible things to keep her happy. He became a child in front of her in whatever he puts up. She was his world and equally he was her world too. Things took some time actually to settle down & understanding took a long way to go but they both were lives of each one. He is person of people but at that stage of life he had only her & her. Meanwhile he got serious in settling in his life which parted them forcefully which was as painful as a death.

He started teaching her life in a beautiful practical way, she loved life for the way he exhibited her the life.

He always taught her very small changes which made an actual difference in anybody’s life. He taught her forgiveness by forgiving her silly fights & misunderstanding, he put it forward in such a way that the pain of bearing the same is heavy on the other end so she learnt importance of keeping others at comfort which in turn brings you happiness. He taught her trusting people blinding which in turn makes them a normal & better human being which again keeps her peace. He showed the importance of being simple yet respective by giving respect to people around…he called her with respect not by her name that’s where each & every conversation turned out to be lovable & respectful.

He practically showed what a love to a person is when they are at home by exhibiting himself compromising at times with his family. He made her realise what is peaceful life for a girl/boy with limited complications by being an example one. He also taught her positiveness of dressing & presentation which plays a important role too with all the principles mentioned above to lead a confident successful life. He not only had the key to success rather he showed a perfection in that success too with all simple changes which makes a difference in everybody’s life with ease.

He constantly said changes are only constant thing in life so accept life as it comes but never compromise with certain rules of life which is called ethic of life but actually which means a meaningful life & living.

This is not just a story it speaks life. He means life perfect at all instances possible. He not a OD man out but he’s the one who tried making some positive changes in everybody’s life whom he walked through, he’s been remarked & remembered on everybody’s life he lived in. No one could hate him for the positivity he have projected & he has made himself is tremendous than human errors happened. He’s called a PERFECT HUMAN KIND as man a social animal is the best creation of God on this universe, its the way how you project and prove yourself to be human.

“HE’S MAN OF QUALITY WHO REMAINED SPECIAL IN PEOPLE’S HEART FOREVER”

–END–

