Social Short Story – A Seat Beside Girlfriend

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Swapnil and one of his friend, Raja, were travelling by a bus. The moment they got in the bus, Raja was able to see his girlfriend and telling the same to Swapnil, took a position just next to her seat. His girlfriend could also able to see him. She was sitting right next to the window. Just beside her, was sitting her father, which was totally missed by Raja. Similarly Swapnil also was completely unaware of who is Raja’s would be father-in-law, as he never knew him by person, nor did Raja told him the fact.

Raja and his girlfriend were busy exchanging looks until once his girlfriend’s father got to see it. As Raja noticed her father, he went complete dumb, as they never shared the fact of their love towards each other to neither of their family. As a result, none of the families also knew the other one.

Her father straight away in a weighty voice asked Raja, “What are you doing?”

Swapnil, who till now was standing a bit far away, letting his friend have a gulla time out with the friend’s girlfriend, quickly came into the picture and started telling,

“O!! no uncle..you are mistaken  Actually this is my friend. He is not feeling well and about to vomit. So was looking towards the window and the lady periodically.”

Her father continued, “The lady is none other than my daughter..”

Swapnil also was about to faint hearing this, but somehow controlled his senses and waited.

Her father continued, “Anyway, so I understand, he could look at the window, which any normal person feeling well also would do. But why towards my daughter?”

Swapnil then swallowing a bit of saliva told, “No actually, towards the window, when he is no more able to control his puke, and towards… the lady..I mean..your daugh..ter..only with the…hope..that perhaps..he would have been..now sitting in her position..and she standing..in his.”

To this the girlfriend’s father gave a loud laugh and stood up and told, “Fine, no need of my daughter also to stand up. Let her also seat, rather take my position and your friend hers.”

Raja was happy to seat next to his girlfriend and continue the rest of his journey. Swapnil also prayed in relief looking at top. However seeing Raja was unable to speak with his girlfriend, as her father now was standing right next to his girlfriend, Swapnil just again in a feary voice asked the father,

“Uncle..come lets go that side of the bus where I was actually standing at first. I know one seat there would get empty very soon and you could again have a seat there.”

The father agreed to that and went on with Swapnil.

__END__

