In our country, the rich people who have servants, vehicles, large premises, are called Seth. I was also a secretary to one of such Seth named Dhaniram Seth. I use to go to his house some time as per his request and take some dictation. In these type of jobs most probably your job is fixed if you have a habit of saying “yes sir” because the moment you say no your job is gone.

Sometime I was called only to say “Yes Sir” on the fake stories of his fame, power and money in front of some big officials.

One day in front of the bank officials Sethji started, “You know Navin (me) this bungalow has a market value of at least 40-50 crores in today’s market.” He continued “The Chief Manager of Bangra Bank use to come daily at my house and we use to take tea together. He offered me a loan of Rs. 45 crores at very low rate of interest but I refused. Why should I take money I do not have any scarcity of money?”

“You know Moloyji (One of the Bank Official) the Chairman of RBI use to play Golf with me in State Club and he is friend of my father in law. He use to come in my house to meet my wife Priya and sometimes we took dinner together”.

“Navin have seen him several times”. I nodded “yes sir” as a part of my job, but I don’t even know that who this RBI chairman is and I have never seen him.

Then he continued “Just two weeks ago, I have bought a Mercedes silver colour”

Pointing towards a painting he said “You know Navin this painting is an antique piece I brought it from London its price less.”

Again I replied “yes sir”.

“Now tell me Moloyji what you have to offer”. Moloyji was speechless for a few minutes then he proposed the deal as per Sethji choice and the deal was done and the bank officials left the house.

Then enters his wife Priya, she whispered to Sethji “Harilal (the chef) is coming and he needs a salary increment of 500 Rupees as he got married and responsibility has increased.”

The Door is knocked – Priya madam opens the door and the chef enters.

Sethji turned to me and said “You know Navin in my entire life I was not able to purchase a flat, this bungalow was purchased by my grandfather, which I was not able to renovate till now. You know this painting was purchased from a street near Park Street at a cost of Rupees Hundred and people think it is a million dollar painting.”

Again I replied “yes sir.”

“The Mercedes is given to me by my father in law but I am thinking to return it as I cannot afford it.”

“Next week is my nephew’s wedding but I have a no fund to purchase gift for him”.

Then he moves towards Harilal (the Chef) who needs a salary increment and says – “Yes Harilal what do you want to say?”

Harilal was speechless for some moment and then replied – “Sethji food is ready.”

Sethji asked – “anything else”

Harilal says – “No sethji.”

Sethji – “Ok I am coming.”

Today I have realised that Humans can change their colours faster than Chameleons, when the situation demands.

***

