Social Issue Short Story – The Dasi.

Photo credit: 

 from 

“The prince swept her off her feet and they lived happily ever after.”

“Who did?” Rama thought. Was it the prince or the princess or was it the story that lived happily, after being published in numerous interpretations? Either could have been possible but not both, she thought.

Rama got up to leave and kissed Nina goodnight, a peck on her forehead, cold as her thoughts. Nina smiled and demanded,”I want to hear the same story tomorrow.”

Rama nodded and left. Nina would probably dream about her prince tonight. She would hear the same story again and again until she created her own fairytale in her mind only to figure out how naïve she had been all along. Rama hoped Nina wouldn’t end up with the wrong man. That is all a woman can hope for, even when the right ones are still so wrong. Lost in her thoughts, Rama left Mr. Singh’s house.

After four years of service, she did not have to bother about exchanging pleasantries with him. All she wanted was to leave home early which she seldom could. She was Nina’s nanny before but now she was the maid as well and sometimes the source for Mr. Singh’s pleasures but that did not account for her pay.

Rama had been married once, to circumstances rather than a man. The only memories she had from that marriage was the daily dose of thrashing from a drunkard who was never in his senses to love her in any way. She had accepted this life as her destiny. One fine day, the same man was found dead on a sideway. Some say, he was looted and murdered and some who knew of his drinking habits believe he died a drunkard’s death. But Rama was alone now.

Unable to sustain herself on the meager savings her husband left, she started looking for a job. Illiteracy doesn’t give you a job and so does literacy. Being a young widow, she had to face molestation and several hardships before she found refuge in Mr. Singh’s house. Mr. Singh on the other hand, appointed her for the same reason others had but somehow sleeping with her master seemed better than prostitution.

Mr. Singh was a middle aged widower and longed for company. Only a woman could satisfy his needs where liquor failed. Every day, he left early for work and arrived late. All the chores got completed by then and Nina would be fast asleep. On some nights, he would get drunk and pass out on the sofa and on others; he would insist that Rama stayed back. Rama knew she could never take the place of Nina’s mother but despite the reality, she seemed to play the role of a wife and a mother very well. Four years had passed with each day being the same for her.  And Rama had fallen in love with Mr. Singh, a feeling she dreaded but could not deny.

On a summer morning, Rama had walked to the household expecting it to be like any other day. But she noticed an unfamiliar car parked inside the gate. She went inside the house ignoring the car, only to be introduced to the new mistress of the household.

“Rama, meet my new wife, Mrs. Rajveer Singh.” Mr. Singh cheerfully exclaimed.

As Rama had predicted, she was kicked out of the house within two days of Mrs. Singh’s arrival. Rama was not surprised and could not blame the mistress. After all, no woman would stand her drunken husband pulling the maid to his room out of habit every night.  That decision seemed justified to Rama.

Rama returned to her chawl. Now she spent days locked in the room she owned. What kept her alive were Nina’s sweet memories. Her first walk, her first words, her embrace. Little moments accounted for the treasure of precious memories that Rama possessed. She missed Nina day and night worrying how her step mother would treat her and whether she would love and care for her the same way she did. Rama tried to visit the household many times but the watchman did not allow her inside.

“Sorry Rama, you know 

 will throw me out too. I have a family to look after. Please leave. Nina baby is fine.” He had begged her.

Rama lived by these words. A year went by; Rama was now working in a garment factory earning two meals a day. One day, the watchman came looking for her. “Sahab wants to see you. He needs a nanny.”

Rama was surprised. She tried asking the watchman but he insisted she’d come and find out herself.  She agreed and went with him. Mrs. Singh had divorced Mr. Singh. Now the household needed Rama again. Rama embraced this offer only for Nina’s sake. Nina was pleased to have Rama back.

“You know Rama; my new mummi was very bad. She used to scold me and beat me. She used to argue with daddy too.” Nina told her. “But you are the best. Please don’t leave me again.”

Nina hugged her dearly. Rama smiled and kissed Nina on her cheek.

Mr. Singh was now a changed man. He did not touch liquor, went for morning walks, spent time with Nina and desired less of Rama though his desires hadn’t completely vanished. Rama was happy in his newly transformed home. She felt a strange belonging to that place and Mr. Singh and Nina were her family. She felt complete being there.

Few months passed. A new epidemic was on the rise and Rama caught it too. She grew pale day by day and avoided going to Mr. Singh’s house fearing Nina’s health. Two weeks later, her condition worsened. But she heard nothing from Mr. Singh. Lying helpless on the cot, she thought of visiting Mr. Singh just to acquaint him about her condition. With bare strength, she held herself and went to visit the house. The watchman saw her coming. Without saying a word, he handed an envelope to her. She opened it hesitatingly. It had a letter carelessly scribbled upon.

“Mr. Singh is drinking again.” She thought when she looked at the letter. The letter said that a new maid had been appointed and that her services were no longer required. A month’s pay along with a thousand rupees bonus was enclosed in that letter. Rama took the money out and gave it to the watchman.  “A bonus for four years of service, a price for my contribution.” She uttered.

The watchman felt ashamed.

“I don’t need this money brother. You keep it. And convey my gratitude and farewell to Mr. Singh” saying this, Rama walked away.

That night a terrible fever caught her cold body. Next morning her lifeless body was taken to the cemetery. Someone did go to Mr. Singh’s house with the news.  He was told that Mr. Singh had left for work. The new nanny said Nina had left for school too. The silence in the house was the only one that received the news and the silence was the only one that engulfed it too. The dasi had finally finished her worldly chores and left home early this time.

__END__

