Social Short Story – My Heart to Your Heart (Bond with a Goat)

© YourStoryClub.com

Stop! Stop! Stop! Mummy!!!!

Stop the Scooter mummy, 8 year old Aashna screamed while coming back from school near a small shop where a cute goat was tied. The goat was busy in eating grass, she managed to look at Aashna when she was about to touch her. The goat got scared and become restless leaving Aashna furious and she immediately rode back to Scooter to come back.

This continued for few days, wherein Aashna tried to touch goat & goat was reluctant. But after continuous effort she was able to make that bond with goat & now goat readily accept grass and food from Aashna.

One day Aashna was coming back from School with her father & as usual she asked her father to stop the Scooter at the shop, so that she can go and meet her friend. She stepped off the Scooter and went to the goat to feed her. She calmly accepted the food from Aashna. Aashna started walking towards Scooter, when she heard the goat calling her”Maaaahhh”… She was actually calling Aashna back, so that they both can play. Aashna was thrilled with joy & excitement. When she came back home, she was all over the place telling her Mom that Goat actually called her. Her eyes were watery.

This started happening every day where goat continues to call Aashna when she returns towards the Scooter post feeding her. One day she asked her mummy that why cannot we bring that goat to pet, I will take care of her..will take her for a walk every day. Please Mom!!!Please Dad!!!. The Innocent & beseeching feelings of Aashna were not aware of the city conditions where we live in flat & petting goat was still thought to be an rural thing.

One day Aashna was returning from school after 15 day holidays & her excitement to meet her friend was inexorable. When she reached the shop, the goat was not there. Her eyes became numb & watery with many questions in it. She asked where my friend is & her mother was blank. May be she knew where the goat was but was not able to explain to her 8 yrs old daughter the truth.

Now everyday Aashna wants to stop there & wanted to ask this question to the shop keeper about her friend but language barrier affects the dialogue.

We realized that even animals have heart & making bond with human being is so easy for them, this bond with goat will never end.

RIP Dear Goat!!!

__END__

