Social Issue Short Story – Incarnate

Photo credit: 

 from 

“Hello can anyone here me, please let me out of this dark room?”

For many months I was like I am dumb I can only feel the changes happening in me but I can’t express through words. I could feel someone’s heart beating near me and I felt that she is afraid of something, she was trapped in another room controlled by many people as I can hear many voices screaming at her. I am in this dark room for more than six months. I heard a voice shouting at the other girl.

“I am going to kill you, what have you done bitch. You can’t fulfill the needs of me and my family. Why you have to live? Just get out of my sight”

After which suddenly I felt a hand touching my head with love and care but I can’t see that hand but could hear weeping, the room is always dark and it makes me very afraid. I don’t feel hungry neither I get tired. I am free only to move my legs. Whenever I do that I feel some hand pressing me which makes me panic and I stop moving. What does people gain by keeping girls like me in dark room and what makes them to do like this. Many months passed by and I am still waiting for some one to save me.

My tears too are not secreted and I don’t know the reason. If some one saves me from this dark room I will make their wishes come true why could no one understand the importance of me. I am not supposed to tell who I am now, I get my powers only when I am free and when my feet makes an impression in this soil. The world is going to face a change if some one tries to save me. I heard a male voice talking to a female I suppose by her voice.

“What can we do in her case, we don’t need this sh*t to live, try to wash it out” his voice was very aggressive.

“We can’t kill her now, its too critical. I’ve to discuss with others to decide what can be done” the woman replied.

“You are going to face a lot of problems as you didn’t tell that this sh*t has formed. Being true to your profession and womenhood is not going to fetch you anything. But this sh*t is a shame for us. You have changed the sheets and cheated us, we went to confirm with some sound and came to know this sh*t” he shouted.

“Please leave me and do whatever you want” she replied. Her voice was filled with fear.

The girl next to me started weeping, this conversation made me afraid. I can’t figure out what is going to happen. They have decided to kill the girl next to me. Again I could feel some hand touching me.

Few hours after this conversation, the girl next to me shouted and screamed. I could feel some force pushing me out of the dark room. Atlast I thought someone is helping me to get out. Suddenly I heard a male voice.

“Tie her in the bed”, the girl next to me shouted and screamed. The only words I could hear is please and no. Her sound stopped suddenly. I suppose they have closed her mouth. After which I was unable to breathe, my lungs were starving for oxygen. I tried to escape from the darkroom. Some one helped me to get out but my heart already was losing its beat. I feel like I would die in seconds. When I came out of the dark room, my body was fully covered with blood. My eyes slowly closing I felt the same hand touching my head with love. Her teared eyes closed by seeing me dying before her.

“Just a single pillow is enough to stop your breath and the sh*t growing in you. Girl baby is a sin and I have maintained the pride of my family” he said in a relief.

With my heart losing its beat and with a smiling face I thought,

“Even being a god I cannot enter this world as a women, my legs making an impression in this soil would have made a myth to reality. It is so pathetic to believe that the woman who gave birth to me was in a dark room called world. You may be not educated and not living in a city just consider women as human being. Its not only me to to get incarnated to save this world. Incarnate yourself to save this world and womenhood”

__END__

