It was 8.00am in the morning.

I was getting hungry since I had no food since the last night. But what could I do? I had spent most of the money I had when I hung out with my friends. These words are what I always remember towards the ending days of every month.

Meanwhile I remembered the words from one of my friends “why are you thinking about your past days? leave it dude”. I do not remember who said these words but as I saw through the corners of my room I had nothing but me and me alone in my room.

Why are you looking up and down dude? I am hear dude! Look here, I said to myself. At the same moment I felt tension and did not know who was speaking. As I believed in the stories of ghosts and spirits, I felt the brunt of being alone. But suddenly I felt something had happened on the left side of my shirt. At first I could not sense what had happened. But later I realized it was my pocket that speaking and staring at me. Immediately I tried to remove my shirt…

As I removed my shirt, there was a mumbling that asked “Why are you feeling so tensed dude?  I am your friend and I am here for you. Believe me, I can help you! My Pocket said to me.

What dude? H..H..How could you speak, what can you do? I asked.

The Pocket replied “Ha..Ha..Ha.. Not only me every empty pocket could speak but we always keep silence. Don’t think bad about me dude? Treat me like a friend and I can help you.” Pocket said

“See you are a just empty pocket what could you do.”I said to the Pocket.

“No.. No. dude do not underestimate about me, first listen to my suggestions and it could be really helpful for you. The Pocket replied.

I shouted,” what kind of suggestions, see! You are just a piece of cloth. Why do I have to hear to your words? I was feeling so nervous and I had started feeling that there was a ghost or evil in my house.

“Do not fear. You have to hear my words dude, because you spent most of the money through me. Only today I will be with you, I won’t do anything, please listen to my words today and it would be helpful to you.” Pocket said.

Ok, I replied.

Shall we move?  The Pocket asked.

Where? I asked.

What are you doing here? Get around something and common let us go. The Pocket said.

After some time walking, pocket asked me as why I have left my goals?

I replied,” It is because of money. The entire world running behind money and if I want reach my goals, I need money.

Is that why you left the goals? Pocket asked.

What about your love? Pocket asked.

I replied “You know everything about me, I was over the moon when she came to class, but I never expressed my feelings because I belonged to a middle class family. “

The pocket said “If you born poor it is not your mistake, but if you die poor it’s your mistake.”

“I can also have some of the quotes from Bill Gates.” I replied with dead smile.

Are you still you feeling hungry? The Pocket asked.

Could you provide money, I asked. The pocket had a slow smile and I know there is no money because it was an empty pocket. For a brief while, there was no conversation between us. But pocket had been singing melodies and hymning by itself.

It was Time 12.00 pm. And literally I was feeling very sick and I could not walk any more. I had faced such situations many times before, but every time I managed to get money through my friends. But this time it was impossible, because now the currency had been banned in the country and as informed it had to be 48 hours till the government release the new currency for the country. The two days was really a task that I had no idea to manage.

Pocket asked, how could you get food now?

I replied. “I don’t know.”

Pocket said,” Think something and you can do anything.”

I said “See pocket, there is no valuable things in my room and neither is there anything in my bank account. My parents live in the home town and I never ask any thing, because they also depend on my monthly wages.

Pocket replied.” Everything is possible, but it depends on your hard work and you can get money easily. Ask your friends.

How could I ask? I replied.

Why do you feel ashamed? You had spent a lot of money on your friends and they are also very close friends to you, ask them and there would be no problem. But before asking you have to say that you have lost your job and I need some money now. Tell them that when you get a job you will pay them. Take my advice and then you will understand what I am saying.

First I smiled and then I said, ok pocket.

Immediately, I called one of my close friends Johnson and said exactly what pocket had said to me.

Johnson replied, no Bro, I haven’t because it is end of the month. Please wait for one week and definitely I can get you money.

I replied to Johnson, No problem bro and said bye to him and said that I will call later and disconnected the call.

Pocket laughed out too much on hearing the reply from Johnson.

I asked Pocket. Why are you laughing?

Pocket said “Nothing! He is also suffering like you, whatever .try another one of your friends.”

Then I called another friend, James .He said “No money man. Why are you wasting your money on other things? Why are you facing money problems towards the end of the month? Save money in your bank account and it can be useful for you “and said“ Ok, I will call you back as now I have to go”.

I never expected these classical dialogues in old movies from James. I had spent a lot of money with James when we were into pubs and parties. It was not only James but with many more friends. I did not have any kind of interest in calling to other people around. In that instance I was unable to think.

In the meantime, Pocket asked.

Dude, leave about that. This is human nature.

It was 2.00pm in the Afternoon. After some time I spent walking I saw something that was happening near to a house. I asked a man who is on the way across the house. He said“A person is donating food for peace to the soul of his parents.”

The Pocket exclaimed “Good thing. Go and get some meal, you are hungry. This is the best chance. Go…go..

I replied, “See, most of the people out there are beggars. How could I go there? What do you think about me?

Why are you feeling shamed and you are losing out on your chances? You have to think fast. Pocket advised.

At that particular moment, I was feeling too nervous. I could not move my feet no more. Within seconds I reached for the place where they were donating food. But, unfortunately it was too late and there was no food. Luckily I got some of the packets filled with drinking water.

Pocket said, ok dude. Don’t feel bad. Common move on. You might get meal, somewhere or the other.

It was getting late and the time was 4.00pm in the evening.

Pocket was continuously speaking and singing but I never took notice. But, I lost my patience after a while and I screamed “Shut up” right in the middle of the street. Everybody on the street were staring at me. Later I realized, if I had said , I shouted on my pocket, nobody  would believe my words, because they don’t have any experience like me as with the conversation with Pocket. Immediately I disguised a smile on my face and moved on slowly through the streets. After few seconds of walk from the busy side of the street, I said slowly to the Pocket “Don’t irritate me”

Pocket replied. “Dude you are losing your chances, think once on how you could get your food. You have all the resources but you are wasting everything including your time.

How? I asked the Pocket,

Think, pocket replied politely.

On the one hand getting too much hungry, On the other hand you are frustrated. I can’t think so much. There is too much pain in stomach. I just could not believe the situation. Literally I sat down on the station platform like a beggar. At the very moment, I saw some of the scraps that were scattered all along the surroundings of the platform were I sat.

Then I shouted, “Scrap! Yes Scrap!

Yes dude you got it finally. Said the Pocket.

I rushed back to my room immediately and counted all the empty beer bottles and newspapers that had been stacked in the home.  There were just too many empty beer bottles in my room. Sometimes bad habits are also very helpful.

After I sold all the scrap to a scrap dealer, I managed to have enough money.

It was late in the evening and the time was 7.00pm.

After a long dinner, I went to my room for rest and went to sleep. After I woke up in the morning and as I was taking breakfast pocket was numb and was not speaking to me. After a while, I took the money and started counting on how much money I had.

Suddenly, Pocket said, “Finally you had food. Ha..ha..ha after 24hours.”

I asked Pocket, “Why don’t you speak when I am taking breakfast?”

Pocket replied.“Because you kept some of the money in your pocket.” As I said before when your pocket is empty, that is the time I can speak. Whatever how was your breakfast?”

I said, “It was fine, Pocket”, and asked “But why did not you remember about scrap yesterday morning?”

Pocket replied.” Still you did not understand what I was trying to say. For a day’s meal, you struggled too much and also thought too much, but, think for once how much hard work it would take to reach your goals. It is worth a serious though. Most of the people sacrifice their entire life and you blaming about your circumstances and situations..

There are total silence from me..

Pocket continued,” Now I am telling you a small story. A deer was trying to give birth to baby in a dense forest. It was looking for good place for conceiving the baby. Finally the deer found a better place by the riverside. Unfortunately, there was forest fire that was spreading. On to the right side of where the deer had been resting there was a lion that had traced the scent of the deer and from the left there was a hunter ready with a bow and poisoned arrows.

Imagine the situation, Deer cannot cross the river. The Deer cannot move forward because of the fire and neither to the sides where there predators weighting the death of the deer. But deer was more concentrated on giving birth to the calf. Luckily, the same instant, there was a rain that stopped the fire from engulfing the deer and the calf. Moreover, the hunter got struck with thunderbolts and died. As he was struck with the thunderbolt, there was misguided arrow that killed the lion. Ultimately, the baby deer came to the planet. So, first concentrate your work then the result will come automatically.

At the moment, I realized and replied to pocket. ”Yes, I never think about the goals, I am always thinking about the possibilities and impossibilities. Money is the second category and first I have to start working on the goals. “

In the meantime, a thug came from nowhere and snatched money from my pocket. As the thug snatched off the money, the thug tore away my pocket. I never expected this situation and tried to shake up my pocket and there was no response. I cried a lot as I stood on the middle of the road. Everybody on the road was looking at me. They though I had lost money but they really did not know what I had lost.

The day passed and it was morning at around 8.00 am and the Alarm was ringing aloud.

I woke up from bed and looked at the clock. It was then that I realized whatever I spoke and conversed with the pocket was a long dream.

Meanwhile, my roommate came around and said. ”Do you know what?”

“What?” I asked.

He replied “Idiot, our Indian government has banned 80% of the currency. The new currency will be come within two days. There is no money in the ATMs, Banks will be closed for two days. How could we survive these two days? I don’t know?”

I asked back, ”Why government banned the currency?”

He replied “For avoiding black money.”

I hastily replied.” No problem. We have so many sources.”

He asked “Sources…where?”

I said.” Our empty bottles and News papers“. There were no expressions on my roommate. We sold all the scarp we had stacked in our home and got enough money that lasted for two days. First, we went to the restaurant and had breakfast.

After that we went to the room on foot, but that time I got a thought in my mind. Why was the pocket not talking from other shirts, might be it will talk from other of my shirts when there is no money. But my dream remains incomplete. Whatever be the dream and circumstances, first I need to do work on my goals. My walking caught pace and felt as if I were running..

–END–

