Social Short Story – The Big Banyan Tree

It was a romantic evening. The sun had set pretty soon than the other days. Normally during such evenings, I would be at my place, reading a John Grisham novel, or watching “Castle” on Fox Crime, but not today. Today I had to be somewhere else, some place that I had not visited for a long, long time.

I looked up at the sky; it was pitch-black. It looked like it was going to rain heavily. I hurried past the others who were walking slowly. I reached the bus stop. I opened my handbag – a Gucci, and took the umbrella. I didn’t know it was going to rain; else I wouldn’t have worn the Sari. Some of my Indian colleagues wanted me to tie a sari as they felt it would be good to wear one today as it was coinciding with an Indian festival. I didn’t know why Indians wear Sari. Not that I am not an Indian, I am, but just in my documentation proofs. This is the first time in many years that I am visiting India. I actually have a free pass, to travel to any country but then, I wanted to come to India. I had an unfinished business here to take care of in India – a land of varied cultures and traditions, a land of festivity, a land of vibrant colors and religions and also a land of rich cultural heritage… or so I thought.

The bus came to the stop in about ten minutes. As usual it missed the stop and halted a few meters away from there. People rushed onto the bus. I always wondered why in India one cannot follow the rules laid by the Government. Then it immediately struck me, only in India, government officials do not take public transportation to their offices. They have their own mode of transportation. Then how will they know the plight of a common man. They just lay the rules but do not bother to check why the rules are laid. Not even one Government official can tell what the clause number is, for traffic violation, other than the Traffic Inspector.

A sense of disappointment came over me. I had expected to see 

, but all I saw was a mall built in the place of the tree. I shouted at the security guy who was busy texting someone in his mobile. The mobile was the size of a big notebook. Ironically they called it the Note. I did not understand why people misuse the use of mobile phones. Cell phones came as a replacement of pagers which would send a message to a targeted recipient, it was essential because people from two countries can connect in seconds. But then commercialization took over. From texting, people wanted music in their phones, so Frequency Modulation came into picture (FM).

Later they wanted their own playlist of songs to be listened, so music player was added, they couldn’t use Mathematics using the knowledge they acquired from their schools and universities, they needed calculators. Later they wanted to capture photos and moments of their life, so camera was added. They wanted voice and movement to pictures, so video capture was added. Once captured they wanted to send them to others, Multimedia Messaging Services were introduced, but since the captured file sizes were more, MMS took a long time and a heavy amount from the pocket and hence they added Social Network connect. They needed to capture pictures at night, Flash was introduced. So, the phone which came to light for only sending messages became a smart phone that could do anything a person wanted to except that the once termed communicating device became smart and the person who is using it is not called smart yet.

All these thoughts kept circling in my mind when I saw the mall. Why build the same kind of malls which offer the same services, in every area? Through commercialization, India, the land of heritage has become a dumping ground. The Banyan Tree that was there for more than two decades have been cut for opening some mall which does not represent the country in any ways possible.

__END__

