The day she found the reality of the world, that very day the innocence of a small girl got buried deep inside her heart who was astonished the first time she realized that to survive, one needs to be at par with the selfish world. You need to break a little to live life.

She used to dream of a perfect and a fascinating life but may be life was unfair to teach her harsh lessons at such a tender age when she was just struggling to understand herself only. People around from childhood taught her to behave in a very descent way, they used to tell her that life becomes beautiful like her once she will grow up. She was made to believe in the false emotions of the world, putting burden on little shoulders which didn’t even knew what love and relations are.

She was made to believe in things that only captivated her mind and bounded her to be committed to the world. No one told her to love herself first and live life rather they asked her to be nice to everyone. Everywhere she went, she tried to be the best girl so that she could inculcate the habits that people around her told.

During her childhood, she dreamt of making a world full of togetherness where everyone would be with each other no matter how much they fight but that small fights won’t affect their relations and they would love each other happily ever after.

She tried to change the world, she had a hope that one day this world will become as perfect as her dreams, as perfect as the love of her mother but she was wrong as some day that very hope got lost forever and that left a deep scar in her mind and heart; recovering from which was a nightmare which she can never get over.

When she saw the feelings of hatred and selfishness among her loved ones, it created a fear in her mind to live life. She was unable to accept the realities of life and with time she came to know a lot about life and relations which were all a setback for her and that day she understood the real meaning of “being grown up”.

As she grew, she also realized that fairy tales do exist but we need to perceive them differently for our inner satisfaction. ‘Once upon a time’ is a reality while ‘happily ever after’ is a myth!

–END–

