Social Short Story – Mysterious call

Photo credit: 

 from 

Phone rang.

“Hello,jack.”

“Who is this?”

“That was not your concern, dear. Coming to you, a college dropout and now doing odd jobs. Literally, you are a failure.”

“How did you knew all this,woman?” howled jack

“You also attempted suicide dear. Why?”

“That was none of your business, woman.”

“Well it is, jack. Because we are friends now and I don’t leave my friends,dear.”

“Why are you playing with me?”

“I am not. How is it?”

“How is what?”

“Committing suicide and saying hello to death.”

“Do you think it’s funny?” shouted jack.

“To be honest with my friend, yes I think it’s funny.

“It’s easy advising,lady. It’s difficult experiencing the pain.”

“Point noted, dear.”

“Can I keep the phone now?”

“Wait, dear.”

“Your girlfriend ditched you, didn’t she?”

“C’mon, not again. Who are you and why are you torturing me?”

“It’s your life dear and I am not torturing you.”

“Look, I got enough issues to deal with, lady. I cannot answer your f***king questions anymore.”

Jack was working as a daily wage employee at an industry. Again his phone rang.

“What do you think should I eat for lunch, jack.” “Enough of this rubbish,woman.”

“That was no rubbish, jack. It was a serious question and you have to answer this.” “Anything you like and go to hell,lady. I have got work to do.”

Jack reached home in the evening. There was a parcel at his door. He took that parcel , went inside.

“Received the parcel,jack.” “What the heck is this?”

“Just open it, jack. I will call you tomorrow”

The parcel was full of paintings he did when he was at school. The next day morning,

“How did you get all my paintings, lady?”

“Living life is way too simple, jack. It’s the methods one chose that makes life complicated.” “ Stop giving lectures, woman. Tell me who are you.”

 “Guess, jack.”

“My high school teacher…….probably Mrs.Jane”

“That was really dumb,jack. Moreover, I would appreciate if you visit the place that was mentioned in the back end of the parcel.”

“I am sorry,woman. I can’t”

“C’mon, you have to do this for your friend, jack.”

With hesitation, jack went to the place mentioned. As he entered,

“Welcome, Jack Cullen.” A kid gestured him directions that he need to go.

Jack entered a room and the room was full of his paintings. The kids began to wish

“Many More Happy Returns Of The Day, Mr. Jack Cullen”

Deprived of his life, jack forgot his birthday. Jack was stunned by that sweet gesture from the kids. Without his permission, tears began to flow.

“Happy birthday, jack.” “Thanks,woman.”

 “Go on, enjoy your birthday. I won’t disturb you.”

Jack sat on a bench as the kids began their speeches. A kid started the speech.

“Wishing a very happy birthday to jack uncle. I wanted to be an artist like him when I grew older. He is my role model.”

All the kids began praising Jack and a message came

“Your paintings have essence, jack. That’s your strength. I just narrated the kids the meaning of your art. They were impressed and they wanted to meet you.”-Anonymous

After all the speeches were over, a man asked the kids

“Who is your role model, kid?”

“Jack.”

Soon everyone began shouting jack, jack…………………………….Jack was thrilled. He never knew that his paintings convey so much meaning. He was gratified and hugged everyone while leaving.

“All these kids are HIV affected jack, mostly from Africa. They never knew the severity of their condition. They give us motivation with their innocence, jack. That’s their innate ability. I hope you thrive from now onwards”—Anonymous.

Jack reached home and thanked the woman for being the light in his darker times.

A few days later…………

“Hello, jack”

“Thank you for everything….woman”

“Don’t thank me, dear friend.”

“My art exhibition got good response from people .”

“That was good news. Shall we meet once, jack?”

“Sure. It would be an honour meeting you,madam.”

“Be at Rock n roll café by 5.”

Jack went to the cafe and reserved a table. He was awaiting her. After a few minutes

“Jack.”

“Yes.”

“Can I sit?”

An astounded jack replied

“Sorry, this seat was reserved for a woman.”

A message came “converse with him,jack.”- Anonymous

A few minutes later, Thomas introduced himself.

“I am Thomas”

“Hello,Thomas” jack shook hands with Thomas.

“How did you knew her, jack?”

“She was a phone friend .She was a great human.”

“Well, she was influential in bringing change in my life too, jack.”

“Do you know her,thomas?”

“No, I just came here to meet her.”

As they were discussing

“Make a real conversation, Thomas. Discuss your life with jack.” Anonymous

“So what do you do, jack?”

 “I am an artist, Thomas and what about you?”

 “My life’s story is pathetic, jack”

 “It’s just our interpretation, Thomas. Be more specific and elucidate”

 “Yeah. I used to live a life where a penny matters the most than people. I used to enjoy that life. I am a successful entrepreneur. I got money, power, intellect except happiness. I never knew what happiness really was. Each dollar that I earned was not successful in giving happiness. All the hardships that I encountered in the morning used to get doubled at dusk. I used to get depressed. I googled every possible option of finding a solution to get over my depression. But, all the efforts went in vain. So, I consulted a psychiatrist.

“What happened later?” “No improvement, jack.” “Then what did you do?”

“I tuned my brain to face the situation.Then….” he was interrupted by jack “Then she called you.”

“Yes, jack. She asked me to give some money for the construction of an orphanage for some kids suffering from HIV.I agreed.”

“That’s it!!!!!!”

“At first I presumed she was looting my money. So I said don’t call me. She requested me to come to her orphanage. I went to the place. A group of kids welcomed me with a placard

Thank you, dad. Thanks for this beautiful home

That moment was the most precious one in my life, jack. I realized what happiness really was. I spent all the day with those kids. I came to know that they are all HIV affected children. I promised every little help possible to those kids. Now, I am happy I got a family to care for.”

“That was inspiring, Thomas.”

“I thank her every day,jack.”

“I just wanted both of you to continue the good work that you have been doing. By the way jack Thomas doesn’t have a girlfriend. I hope you understand what I meant.”

A year later, Jack and Thomas got engaged in a church. Inspite of their hectic work, they always find time to visit the orphanage. They interact with the kids. The orphanage’s strength increased year after year. The couple were happy. But, they wanted to meet the woman that made all the difference. One day they decided to meet her,

“Good morning, friends.”

“We wanted to meet you.”

“Why are you so desperate about meeting me? May be dear friends I am not real.”

“Then who are you?”

“As I already stated, you have to guess. I could be anybody. I could be a cassette playing on a tape-recorder.”

“No, we know that you are real. We could feel it.

“Voices can be deceptive, friends. I could tell you my name. I am a five letter word , came from the womb of an eight letter word.”

“What is it?”

“Best of luck,guys.”

–END–

