Short Story Social – Quest

Photo credit: 

 from 

He was found in a small village as a patient. He looked like a hippy. He appeared as drug addict. Nobody knew who he was. Somebody cared for his life. He is brought to the hospital in the village. Rupert was the chief doctor and he was the owner of that private hospital.

“Doctor, we found him under a tree in our village. Nobody is taking care of him. I brought him here so that you will save him.”  Wilson said.

“Wilson! who will pay for the treatment?”

“Doctor, If I were rich I will pay. But you know that I am not rich.”

Rupert smiled. Wilson was a social worker and he looks after the needs of the village. He collects some donations to meet the needs of the village are addressed.

“I know. You are not rich. I will treat him with my money and find out if he can repay.” Rupert said.

After one month of hard treatment, the patient was saved.

“Who are you? Will you tell me how you are in this village? Why are you so much drug addict?”

He looked at the doctor who saved his life. His eyes are full with tears. He appeared like a clouded sky ready to rain. He said his story like this:

“Doctor, I am the example of my quest of love. I am the son of a big business man in New York. I was in bad company and I loved a girl who is a hippy. I left home and followed her with her gang and reached England. After some time, the girl I loved was dead with cancer. I was disturbed and I felt like I lost my life. I was wandering and reached this village. By that time I lost everything, lost my id and lost my memory. I simply knew that somebody brought me to your hospital.”

Doctor Rupert was moved with his story. He said that his name is Billy. He gave his father’s name and address. He called his father and he came to take Billy. He was so thankful to Rupert and Wilson. He tried to give some cash to Doctor and Wilson. But they did not take. Billy went to his country.

After five years, when Rupert was unable to run the hospital with some heavy debts, the hospital is about to be closed. He was unhappy and nobody helped him. When the last day arrived he had to pay the debts, Billy appeared there. He cleared all the debts and hugged Rupert and said that his services are memorable, so the hospital will not be closed any time till he is alive.

Rupert came to know that Wilson contacted Billy and so he appeared in time to save the hospital.

Now the hospital’s name is changed as “Rupert’s Billy”.

__END__

