Social Short Story – Life turned to hell

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Please give me some marijuana. .. I need some . Please give me” , Vikas was shouting continuously to his sister Disha at rehabilitation centre.

 Vikas was actually 22 year old student . So, how he reached rehabilitation centre….

Vikas was born and bought up in patna. He had one elder sister Disha who loved him a lot. They were like friends . They had no any secrets. Basically vikas was simple boy in middle class family .

 Vikas passed class 10th with very decent marks . His dad thought he could be very good engineer . So vikas was admitted in coaching for engineering entrance.

 After 2 years he couldn’t pass IIT bt he got quite decent rank in AIEEE . His parents were very happy . Specially his sister.

 At counceling Vikas got NIT Delhi . Disha was happy but at the same time she was upset that her brother will move away from her.

 And finally the day came when he had to move . Disha was crying . Both brother sister hugged each other and said take care.

During his first few month things were going quite smoothly. Vikas was actually occasional smoker and drinker. So during fresher party, roof top parties he drank. And thought he was doing it just for a moment.

 In hostel he was living with 2 other boys . They were from Ranchi and Lukhnow .

 Some seniors used to come in his room and smoked weed. Few days he resisted and finally he came under peer pressure and tried it.

 When he hold the chillam (pipe) he pulled the smoke and he started coughing badly. And gradually after few weeks he became trained . Now he need nobody to smoke . He was now alone enough . His roommates told him don’t do like this . But vikas said ,” FU … I am not addicted to it.. its just for fun.”

 Now vikas left going to college. He wasn’t even talking to his sister. Day and night only weed, weed and weed.

 His father used to send money on 1st of every month . For 1st 5 days of month he lived like king. He use to order beer whiskey and weed. And remained stonned for like 7-8 days. After that when his money was over he went to other friends for some money to smoke weed.

 He used to wake up at 11 and smoked till 11 at night . Disha thought something is going wrong because vikas didn’t even come to patna during holidays. So she planned to come Delhi but due to some reason her plan was cancelled .

 Vikas’s physical appearance was completely changed. His mind was not working properly. He suffered from memory loss. His eyes become swollen and red . His weight decreased by 23 kg .

 But he was unnoticed .

 One day on 23rd of month he had no money. When he asked to his friends they said no . he went to his room and took his laptop. He sold it for 5000. Laptop was just 6 month old and it was like unused. And he enjoyed that money for a week.

 And final exam came. Vikas was so high that he missed exams. Principal called him and said ,”u have been rusticated. Call ur dad in a week” .

 Vikas thought principal has gone mad and took his warning as joke . He went to room took out packet of weed , crushed it and smoked .

 Principal called his dad personally . His dad called vikas but he was so high to receive the call.

 When his dad said all these things to Disha , Disha said to pack bag and move to delhi .

 Next day they reached Delhi . When they reached home , they were surprised to see vikas. Vikas was so high to see his sister. He was busy in smoking and didn’t even notice his dad and disha. Disha start crying . His dad went inside and slapped vikas. He said its over . Pack your bag and move to patna. Vikas was silently packing his bag . He was not able to see disha’s face.

When they reached patna , there was hell lot of family drama. But vikas was not feeling guilty.

 At night when everybody was sleeping he went to disha and said ,”didi, please give me 100 rs”. I will die . please give. Disha gave him .

 Next mornig he went and brought weed . When his dad went to office . he smoked that weed. And at night again he went to disha and asked for money.

 Disha thought this is not a simple issue. She browsed on internet and decided to take Vikas to rehabilitation center . He talked with dad, and dad said,”do whatever u want .”

 Next day she took him to rehabilitation centre . He got admission there and doctor said he will need atleast 1 year to make him normal..

 When disha went to meet vikas , he was shouting ..please didi give some marijuana . please please..

 Disha couldn’t see this and ran out of centre..

 I don’t know will vikas will ever recover. Bt vikas’s carrier is almost over .

So think before you choose any drugs. If marijuana is illegal , there is some logic behind it…Understand that logic . its

 Don’t come under peer pressure. Use your brain. Our government says if you are 18+ you are intelligent enough to choose what is wright and what is wrong . Be your own mentor.

__END__

