18th September 2014,

“Rukmini Ag Chaha de mala ushir hotoy” ( bring my tea i am getting  late), this was practically the morning dialogue, I usually got late for office whenever Rukmini (my maid) would come late. Rukmini my maid, my superhero I could rely on her for anything be it household chores or paying my bills on time, she would normally remember all due dates. She was good at multi tasking . She knew me more than myself, …….ohh!  Forgot to introduce myself  Sulekha Patwardhan, I work for a private firm, as a recruitment executive. My life revolves around resumes, portals targets etc…. It’s been two years since I lost my parents, I was left with a heavy home loan,  some nagging relatives who always wanted to know about what i do where i go etc.., my job and of course Rukmini who stood by me through thick and thin , though most of my days are busy still  I felt very lonely sometimes at night  missing my Aai and Baba. Aai was a very strong woman, and a wonderful cook. Baba  on the other hand lived for the moment.

Not much work was left  so I quickly mailed the last document and was ready to leave then suddenly my intercom rang ……  my boss called me in. I looked around most of my colleagues had left. .

“This is a new client Sulekha you will handle their requirements from next week” said my boss.

“Make sure that you fix up a meeting with them on monday first thing in the morning,

Let’s see how it goes Good luck”

“Sure Sir I will try my Best” I exclaimed in excitement. I was super excited  as an additional assignment would mean extra perks.

21st September 2014.

Monday morning I made an early start to office, I was desperate to meet my new client but could not get through as Mr Solanki (my new client) was quiet busy.

“One more call if not today then tomorrow ” , I promised to myself.

Luckily I got an appointment , but at 6.30 p.m  anyways I had decided I will go. Meanwhile I quickly made a call to Rukmini  that I will be very late, the meeting was quite good as Mr Solanki agreed to all the terms and conditions of our firm and assured absolute transparency.  As it was quite late he offered me a lift which I readily accepted  as it started raining heavily . I noticed that he was a man of few words, so there was a deep silence for quite a while until his phone rang. He immediately stopped the car to answer it. It was his wife, her father had suffered a heart attack and they had to rush.  He apologised a million times before dropping me not far away from Panchganga society where i lived.

As I did not find an auto rickshaw I started to walk  it was 9.00 p.m then.  I would have walked few steps, I decided to tell Rukmini that I will reach home in another 20 minutes, so I dialled her number and was about talk when I was interupted by loud noise of two motorbikes. I thought they will soon pass but to my surprise they slowed down and I heard them honking so loudly. I started walking fast…. very fast , one biker came very close and shouted ” Madam lift  chahiye kya? hello ” ( do you want a lift? ).

It didn’t take me much time to realise that I was in…. deep trouble, there were people around  but nobody came to rescue, the other biker was howling very nastily.  One of them tried to reach my dupatta , but i dodged him. There was so much anger in me at same time felt like crying but quickly gathered myself started chanting Hanuman Chalisa.

One of them started screaming again “Chalo Madam Hum Maddad karne aaye hai” (we have come to help you)  just then I saw Rukmini at a distance I ran to her like a child crying, and the bikers followed. My joy knew no bounds, she winked at me and ordered me to stop crying. She turned around and demanded ” Are bhai mujhe bhi zara agle bus stop tak Jana Hai lift chahiye please”, ( I need a lift till the next bus stop please),

They were shocked to see her and five other women with brooms and sticks. In no time they disappeared in the darkness. I was still shivering and crying like a child I could barely speak  ….only managed to say “Thank you”. After a few moments i asked her “Rukmini Pan tu kashi Aalis”? (how did you come here) .

She said “Aho tumcha phone Azun chalu aahe ki” ( through your phone which is still on). I hugged her so tight ,

I hardly realised that she was gasping for air. Rukmini squealed ” Aata call cut kara  bill kashala Wadhavtaya? , (disconnect your call why increase your phone bill.?)

First time in life I did two things at a time , I cried bitterly and laughed tooo….

Rukmini – my superhero- saved my day.

–END–

