Story of Dreams – Sarah’s first acting career

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was not going to be long before Sarah`s greatest dream was going to be coming true for her.

Sarah had always known since she was little that she wanted to become an actress when she was older. It was one of her biggest dreams, like we all have, to become an actress. She can still remember how both of her friends and her parents would always tell her that she would make a great actress. And teasingly, call her a drama queen. Sarah had almost finished being in year nine at school and all of the year nine students at the Granbury secondary school had to decide on their GCSE subject options for the next two years to take. Whilst some of her friends back then took a while to decide on what GCSE subjects they wanted to take for the two year GCSE course.  Sarah absolutely knew that one of her GCSE options was going to be drama with no doubt.

Drama was one of her top favourite interests. She loved the idea of pretending to be someone else, using her own creativity in her work, whereas drama never interested both of her best friends Jemma and Holly. But they were still polite enough to listen to Sarah’s conversation when talking about the topic of drama. They were good friends. That was what counted. They both were polite, open minded and tolerant. She also did extremely well with drama and achieved high marks in her drama coursework.

Two years later after finishing school and she went straight to Granbury college to do a two year course in performing arts. Which she really loved doing. After settling down in college which only took a few weeks or so, being so different to being at school she made a great new friend called Sally Wells. Who was taking the same course of performing arts. They always helped each other out when doing the performing arts homework staying over at each houses.

One afternoon Sally Wells mentioned about her older sister,called Hannah Wells, was looking to employ an actress to act in one of their drama type films. Sarah with no hesitation went on an online job direct website and immediately decided to apply for the actress job vacancy available. And soon got the job interview out of many applicants who applied for the same job. She was feeling over the moon with the new prospect of her acting job. It was her greatest dream come true, which she had waited for a long time to happen.

She got on very well with Sally`s eldest sister and they were almost like sisters to each other. They shared so much in common including their like of drama films. She was acting as her role as a young mother in a film called Missing whose teenage daughter called Emma goes suddenly missing and they have to send out a search party to look for her. Who turns out to be sitting on the bench near to the local beach after having had an argument earlier on. She was so good in fact in acting she was once known as the best actress of the month TV award.  Acting turned out to be the best career choice for her.

__END__

 

