Story of a Girl – Sugar

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

“Please!” She cried. “Please don’t leave me.”

She tried to chase after the shadows, but they got into the car and drove away. She was left alone in the park, crying for help. The only thing left was herself and the huge piles of snow under her knees. She was tired from all the sobbing, so she laid down, let alone the freezing snow. Her tears were still warm as they dropped onto the snowy ground, leaving a pool of dots on it.

“Are you ready to go?” I bent down to hand her a tissue.

“No!” She pulled her knees in. “I will not accept this!”

“But this is your past.”

“No, it isn’t. It will never be.”

I sat beside her and embraced her. “Just accept the reality and it will all be better.”

“What if I can’t forgive them? What if I can’t forgive myself?”

“Then don’t.” I whispered. “Nobody is going to blame you for their faults. Remember, you did nothing wrong.”

“But…….” She looked up, a desperate look she had. But I didn’t lose my calm as this was not my first time handling these people. “I don’t want it. Please help me forget this.”

“You’ll lose your good memories as well” I discouraged. “Think about who brought you to me. Think about the nice family who took you in. Think about your friends.”

The snow stopped and a setting sun was sitting above the horizon. She was sitting blissfully on the bench watching her first sunset with her new family. They were eating ice-cream and chatting happily with each other.

“See?” I pointed at the satisfied figures.

She stopped licking the snowball in her hand and gave me a hesitant glance. I smiled patiently as I held her hand and took her to another happy place.

We arrived at the carnival. It was crowded with energetic and enthusiastic youngsters who were having the best time of their lives on rides and playing arcade games in booths. She was no exception. She was having the best time of her life with her admirer, which he later would confess at the waterfront at sunset. They were taking an exciting roller coaster ride as they swung on the trail.

“What about him? Do you want to forget about the person who knows your past but still loves you?” I pat her shoulder as she got off the ride.

She gave me the same skeptical look. “No worries.” I grabbed her arm. “I am sure you’ll love this.”

Then, we were in her college, a place where she spent her happiest years in her life and a place she realised she had a missing puzzle in her memory. Fortunately, her best friend brought her to me, and here we are, reminiscing the good aspects of life.

“Do you want to change your mind?” I asked

She nodded and gave me a firm look. “I want my memories back. Whether they are good or bad, please let me have my last puzzle back.”

“Superb.” I applauded. “Now wake up.” I snapped my fingers.

We were back in reality. My job was done, another job well done.

“Thank you.” She opened her eyes. “I am going to accept them all.”

“Try this.” I handed her an ice-cream cone.

As she licked the top, tears of joy began to fall. It was the tears of finding something which belonged to her. Since she went to college, ice-cream was starting to taste bland for her. Finally, every ice-cream she tasted was bland as she lost a piece of a puzzle in her memory. It was common for everyone to overlook or forget the sad memories when there are so many good ones happening in their lives. But it was a kind of problem evasion or avoidance as he or she didn’t want to face their sad past. Finally, they had to come to me to locate their missing piece of a puzzle in their lives.

I had the power to trace people’s memories, thus, making them realize what they had missed in their peaceful lives. To be very precise, I had to power to read people’s dark side, the deep past they didn’t want to face, recognizing and chasing away the demon in their hearts.

“Thank you very much.” Her boyfriend handed me a pile of cash and bowed to me.

“Cherish and love her no matter what.”

“I do and I will never stop.” He held the sobbing girl and left.

“Another job well done.” I swept my arms. “Let’s go get some coffee.”

“Meow.” My black cat, Pepper, climbed onto my shoulders and wiped his furry head against my neck.

I brushed its head as I prepared a bowl of cat food for it. “There, I will be right back.” I took my hat as Pepper jumped onto the floor and started its feast.

 

There weren’t many people in the coffee house at this time on a weekday. I took a seat beside the window, which was facing the beautiful sea outside. The sky was clear blue. Sun rays were not hiding in the clouds as it shone onto the surface like the diva in Broadway. The sea was reflecting the beams turning them into glimmering dots as the water moved joyfully.

“What a great day for a relaxing cup of coffee.” I admired the view.

“The same, sir?” A waiter walked near me.

“Yes. Latte and a slice of your restaurant’s famous cheesecake.”

“Yes, sir. Your food and beverage will be served shortly.” He walked away.

As I was enjoying the nice day, a conflict suddenly arise and ruined most of my day.

“This is flavorless!” A young girl’s voice screamed. “You call this food?”

The waiter didn’t know what to say as she just discredited the restaurant’s famous cheesecake. He quickly cleaned the floor and rushed into the kitchen trying to tell the baker some bad news.

A moment later, the pastry chef was stomping out of the kitchen toward that girl.

“Miss.” He stared into her eyes. “Are you sick?”

“It is bland. I am not lying.” She was not backing down from the fierce stare.

“You!” He pointed at me. “Have your order here and tell me what it tastes like.”

Since my day was pretty much ruined by their confrontation, I left my seat and joined the chaos. I took a bite of my order, sweet and the richness of cream cheese rushed into my mouth. Even the cake was down in my stomach, the sweet scent was hiding in my teeth, waiting for me to take another bite. Either that girl wanted to play a scam, or she was missing a piece of her memory. I believed the latter was more reasonable.

“Well?” The chef was stomping.

“There’s nothing wrong with the cake.” I wiped my lips with a napkin. “It’s pretty good, actually. Just the way I like it, chef.”

“Thank you for the compliment.” He bowed. But his face soon turned red. “Lady, are you playing a trick on me? I don’t want any troublesome customers.”

She turned her head and ran away.

“Her meal is on me.” I assured the waiter as his face turned white. “Now, where’s my latte?”

“Coming, sir.” He rushed into the kitchen.

“Strange girl.” The chef commented before he went back into the kitchen.

After a nice afternoon latte, my mood was straightened up again. I looked at my watch and decided to go home as I expected a very special guest would be knocking my door very soon.

It was six o’clock in the evening. The sun was setting below the horizon and the moon was waking up. It was a magical time where you could see both the sun and the moon, even bright stars if you’re lucky. Also, this would be the time Pepper would be coming back from his stroll around the neighbourhood. And every time it took a walk, something or someone very special would follow it back. I was guessing the person I met in the day would be the surprise when I heard a knock on my door.

Apparently, it was her. I opened the door to find the strange girl in the afternoon holding Pepper in her hands. She looked desperate, more than desperate, it was the look of devastation and hopelessness combined. There were no happiness and energy in her pupils, in other words, I could not feel any sweetness in her. I had never met those eyes before, the darkness in her soul was unbearable for any person.

“This is going to be trouble.” I sighed.

Putting those hesitations aside, I led her into my house, Pepper led her here, to be accurate. Therefore, I must do anything in my power to help her.

“Hello.” I gave her a welcoming smile. “I see you have got my cat there” I pointed at her hands.

She let out a forced smile as she let go of Pepper.

“Why don’t you come inside and I’ll pour you some tea.”

She walked inside. “Thank you for bringing my cat home, um……”

“Sugar. My name is Sugar.” She had a soft voice, what most would call a sweet voice, but it was soulless.

“Thank you, Sugar.” I poured her a cup of tea. “Of all the decisions you could’ve made, why not bring Pepper, my cat, to a pound or another house. Why this house?”

She looked down, avoiding the question.

“I might be a sociopath or hentai.” I tested.

She ignored and took a sip of tea.

“That might be poisoned.”

But that sentence made her drink faster.

“What are you…..” I tried to stop her from burning her lips.

“Don’t come near me!” She smashed the cup. “Just kill me or have your way with me. I won’t judge. I don’t deserve to live anymore.”

I quickly grabbed her hands, pretending to be a psychopath who wanted to rape her. It wasn’t my first time handling such kind of people. They just wanted attention and care from others, that’s all. They were never meant to be hurt. My actions were to make them realize that. However, she didn’t resist as I put my hands on her waist. That was a big surprise to me, she gave herself up. She didn’t have a care for herself anymore. Realizing her thoughts, I let go of her and gave her a hard slap on the face.

“Wake the hell up!” I condemned. “I understand.”

“Hit me.” Her face was bland. “Beat me to death.”

“Why you….” I raised my hand.

“Meow.” Pepper jumped in front of her. It stared at me aggressively, protecting Sugar.

A moment later, my anger was fading and the living room was starting to feel cold, despite it was 30 degrees celsius outside. “What is the matter with this girl? If she wants to be dead, why not just kill herself? Why bring an already dead person to me, Pepper?” I struggled for an answer in my head as I saw Pepper brushing its body against her neck. And she was enjoying the moment with it.

That was the first time I saw her smile, a true, sweet smile. It was like finally finding her missing piece of her soul. Then, an idea rushed into my head.

“Try this.” I took out an ice-cream cone from the freezer and handed it to her.

“Are you kidding me?” She growled.

“Just do it.” I assured her.

As she licked the top of the ball, a big smile emerged on her face. It was like a kid finding her long-lost toy; like reuniting her parents after an earthquake; like finding the missing piece of puzzle in her heart.

“How’d you do that?” She was agitated.

“No.” I shook my head. “Ask yourself that question.”

“It is sweet! I am cured!” She hopped as she ran out of the house.

I had a feeling she would come back very shortly.

“Meow.” Pepper was already missing her.

I pat its head. “Don’t worry, we’ll be seeing her very soon.”

 

Two days later, I heard a knock on my door at six o’clock. As expected, there she was, holding my cat in her arms with that desperate look. But I could see some soul in her eyes this time.

“I see you have my cat again, Miss Sugar.” I leaned by the door. “Why don’t you come in and I’ll treat you with some nice tea and biscuits.”

“Will you help me?”She pleaded.

“You’re carrying my beloved cat and know where I live. As long as you don’t kidnap me.” I joked.

“Great.” She laughed as she let go of Pepper. “This is going to be long.”

“I have got all night, my dear.” I smiled. “Why don’t you lie down on this comfy chair.” I suggested.

As she laid down, I snapped my fingers to make her fall asleep. Sometimes, people tend to miss out the details in their memories, and those were mostly the crucial elements of solving their problems. Therefore, to make my task easier to complete, I decided to walk into her mind, like I did with all of those helpless souls.

First, I was in a lovely home. Sugar was a child sitting blissfully in front of a birthday cake. It was a birthday party. Her parents were cheering for her as she blew out the five candles on her chocolate cake. She gave out the sweetest smile as she cut the cake. A lovely family and a friendly atmosphere, I wasn’t startled as this was just the first layer of her memory.

People often hide themselves in happy memories to avoid the tragic ones, but they didn’t realize that they were fell into their own honey trap. Avoiding sadness was not a wrong thing, but hiding for too long would cause trouble. It was my job to correct her mistakes, despite how reluctant she would be.

I tapped on her shoulders and whispered. “Come on, Sugar. Let’s go.”

She followed me, but was looking back as we entered another stage of her life.

Then, we were at a Christmas party at her secondary school. Festive music was playing and everyone was dancing harmoniously. The classroom was decorated with ornaments and tinsel. Food brought by each student were nicely placed on the large table at the center of the classroom, in the middle of the dancing crowd. It wasn’t easy to find Sugar as she was standing by her cake, a Christmas cake she made overnight, judging by the dark circles under her eyes.

“Still not ready to show me your heart?” I wondered what’s wrong with this girl as I ate a piece of her cake.

“How is it?” She was desperate to know my opinion.

“Sweet.” I licked my lips. “It’s delicious. Thank you, Sugar.”

She let out a natural smile like the sunshine on a perfect day, melting everyone’s heart.

“Let’s go.” I took her hand and walked out of the joyful classroom.

Next, we arrived at a pier. It was sunset. The sun was sitting lazily above the sea horizon showing its most alluring face at the time of the day. She was sitting on the edge of a plank, happily eating a waffle.

At this point, I knew this girl had serious problems as people don’t usually hide their thoughts this deep. So I decided to force her to tell me the truth.

I walked near her and slapped her face. To my surprise, she was not terrified or shocked, she was rather calm.

“What’s wrong with you?” I shook her body. “Please let me help you and stop taking me to unnecessary places.”

“You really want to see what’s inside me?” She let out an evil smile.

“Yes” I gulped but nodded firmly.

“Fine.” She laughed coldly. “Don’t regret it.” She took my hand and entered the darkest place in her heart.

We arrived at the birthday party again, where the girl was blowing six candles happily as her parents cheered.

“Wasn’t this supposed to be your 5th birthday?” I pointed at the candles.

“Good.” She applauded. “Take a closer look at the girl.”

I walked near the girl to take a clearer glance at her. She was not Sugar, it was someone who looked like her. But I swore I took the same girl to her memories, had I been taking the wrong girl’s hand the whole time?

“Correct.” Sugar winked. “None of those girls were me.”

“How did you know…..?”

“I know what you’re thinking the whole time.” She gave me an unpleasant stare. “Looks like you are the one who is missing the details in my memories. You should’ve let me tell you the truth when I was not asleep.” She shrugged her shoulders and shook her head.

“Fine. I will listen to you.” I was defeated.

“I am afraid you’re never getting out.”

“What are you saying?”

“I am taking locking your happy memories inside me just like her.” She pointed at the birthday star.

“Wait, don’t!”

But she left me there, all by myself.

Sugar woke up feeling refreshed. It was not her first time absorbing other people’s memories to become hers. She blamed her friends, her parents, people who were close to her as they were the ones who abandoned her when she needed them the most. This power was her window of opportunity, her door to happiness, even though the memories she collected weren’t hers.

“Let me look into his happy thoughts later.” She stretched her legs as her stomach growled.

“Meow.” Pepper’s fur was straightened up.

“Don’t worry.” She pat its head. “You won’t be seeing your owner anymore. You’re free.”

But Pepper kept staring at her, fiercely. The stare-off went on for a while until Sugar’s stomach growled again. So she gave up and walked out of the house. As she was about to take a step outside the door, she felt dizzy and her legs started to lose strength.

“What is happening?” She crashed into the door. “Leave me alone. All I want is happiness.”

“Then show me your real thoughts.” I said.

“I really don’t want…….”

“Please.” I leaned closer to the weakened figure. “Help yourself and face the truth.”

“Just go back in there.” She pleaded. “I don’t want to hurt you.”

“No.” I shook my head. “I don’t want to hurt you.”

“You asked for this.” The settings were changing into a forest in the dark where the wolves were howling and I was alone in the deepest corner in there. She created a nightmare to trap me.

“You are never getting out.” her voice was all over the sky.

Amazed by her powers to forge such a sophisticated nightmare, I wasn’t scared at all because I’ve created and seen worse dreams than this. I swiped my hands and we were back into my house.

“Wait, how’d you…….” She fell on her knees.

“Rookie’s craft.” I walked near her. “Even the cat can do better than that.”

“No……..” She shook her head in disbelief.

“Before I really hurt you, this is your last chance of showing me the truth. Or else, I am going in no matter what.”

“Why do you really want to help me?” She was munching her teeth. “What’s in it for you? Just leave me alone.”

“You are the one who came to me in the first place.” I reasoned “I am just finishing my job, despite how reluctant you are.”

She crouched and started to cry.

“Let the poor girl have her memories back.” I suggested. “And we shall create new delightful memories.”

“I don’t wanna……” She cried. “I just want more sweet memories…..”

“And lose the ability to taste sweetness? Even giving up your soul?” I raised my eyebrows. “Do you really want to pay that price?”

She remained silent.

“Knowing those images and sounds aren’t yours, are you still able to be contended?” I tried to up my game. “Is this monster who you really are? You would’ve used your powers to save people like you. Aren’t you guilty at all?”

She evaded eye contact.

“Nobody can judge you for what your past was. You are Sugar, and no one’s memories can replace that. You just wanted a happy 6th birthday, a good time with your friends at the Christmas party, and enjoy a nice sweet waffle as you sit on a plank at the docks as you watch the sun goes down.” I paused to take a breath and eventually continued “So, please save yourself from your own nightmare and illusion. And I promise I won’t criticize your past. I really want to help you.”

“Really?” She looked up with her puffy eyes.

“Really.” I nodded as I held her hand. “Come on, let’s go get your taste back.”

6.

It all started on her sixth birthday. It was the day her parents got divorced. She was happily waiting for the blessing and celebration from them. But she never realized the catastrophe that was going to strike her and crush her family into pieces.

“Daddy, mommy!” She ran toward the door as she heard the knob turn.

“Don’t call her mother anymore.” Her father demanded. “She is just a whore.”

She noticed the sudden weird hostility and looked at her mother. Her mother was avoiding eye contact as she ran passed her. After 5 minutes, her mother carried bags of suitcases and left the house, not even saying a goodbye to her own daughter, let alone explaining the situation.

“Daddy? What’s going on?” Her voice was shaking.

“Well, your mother was not honest with our marriage. So I am punishing her.”

“Is she coming back” She was hopeful and naive.

“No.” He said firmly. “She will never hurt me again.”

Sugar had no idea what was going on. She didn’t have the concept of being honest and loyal in marriage, she didn’t even know what marriage is yet. But she could tell her mother had made a terrible mistake which made her father very angry, leading to her mother’s exile. Another thing was for sure, her birthday was ruined and her happy family was burnt into ashes.

“Come on, let’s get out of here.” I encouraged the innocent little girl as I held her hand.

Next, I was in a big room filled with cute dolls. It was a room in a mansion. 8-year-old Sugar was playing with her friend Ashley.

“I would want to stay in this house all my life.” I said to myself as I was amazed by the beautiful paintings on the walls and ceiling. There was a large and shiny chandelier above their heads . I was sure that isn’t the only chandelier in the house.

“No! I want to play with Dottie.” Sugar screamed

“No! That is mine.” Ashley pulled the doll’s arms.

“You have Lu Lu. Let me play with Dottie.”

“No. You play with Lu Lu.” They were starting to stretch the doll too hard.

It wasn’t long before Dottie was broken into two pieces and cotton was scattered across the floor.

“Sugar!” Ashley shouted. “Look at what you’ve done.”

“It wasn’t my fault. You were pulling Dottie too hard.”

“It was all your fault.” Ashley shook her head.

“Hey!”

“You whore.”

“What?”

“Because your mother is a whore, so are you.”

Sugar was speechless.

“My mama told me your mother was a slut and slept with other men.”

“What?” Sugar could understand the word ”slut” as she often heard her father say when she mentioned mother.

“You are just a slut’s daughter. So you are dirty too. So I won’t let you play with my Dottie.”

“No…… This is not true.” Sugar covered her ears with her hands.

“The whole town knows now.” Ashley held out her tongue. “Slut!” She hopped out of the room.

Sugar felt something rushing up her chest, a strong power, an unknown power which would turn her and Ashley’s life into a nightmare. Then, the power started to take over her will and body.

“Do you want to be happy again?” A voice appeared inside her head.

“Yes.” She nodded continuously.

“Are you willing to give up everything to have sweet memories?”

“Yes, yes I am willing to.” She answered in her head.

“Give me your soul and I will show you the way to happiness.”

“I want to be happy.” She cried.

Then she found herself inside Ashley’s memories: Her sweet birthdays, her loving mother, the blissful moments of her childhood which Sugar lacked. The voice told her to reach for those scenes and she would become a happy child again. She didn’t hesitate to take away her friend’s memories.

She was so desperate for love as she suffered those lonely years without a mother. Her father changed into a different person after her sixth birthday. He was drunk every night when he got home. Sometimes, he was so drunk that he thought Sugar was his wife and beat her up. Sugar had had enough of those horrid nights. And finding out her mother was a dirty woman who sleeps with different men to gain pleasure was too much for a child to take in. Here’s a way to make her life whole again. But little had she known the fatal consequences that followed.

As for her friend Ashley, her happy childhood memories were wholly taken by Sugar. She was left with only sadness and sorrow in her soul. After that day, she started to become mentally unstable and was sent to an asylum one week later when her parents found her trying to hang herself in her room. The words that she said to her parents when she was clutching onto the rope were “I want my Dottie back. I want to be happy……….” Followed by cold and horrid laughs.

I walked near the girl who found out her new powers. “Come on Sugar, let’s go.”

She didn’t hesitate to take my hand. “I am happy again.” She let out an innocent smile.

Then, I was taken to different scenes of her life. All of those were scenes that Sugar chose to take away other people’s memories in order to fill the hole inside her heart when she encountered difficulties and problems in life. She had a habit of following people who were satisfied with their lives, especially those whose parents were loving and wealthy. As she was always using her powers, she could choose which part of the memory to take, rather than taking away all as she could manipulate them maturely.

She finally noticed what her powers had cost her. She was adding a whole cup of sugar into her coffee yet it tasted bland. She tried eating ice-cream, waffles, popsicle, even pouring sugar into her mouth. But it was all flavorless.

Moreover, whenever she was not using her power to take away others’ memories, the sad and tragic recollections of hers and people she absorbed would rush up her mind, making her feel heavy. At first, she could bear the weight, but as she used her powers more frequently, those remembrances and sadness were too heavy for her to carry. She was starting to hear screams of desperation and complaints of others.

“I hate you! I dislike this! I don’t love you anymore! Do you really think you can win a person with wealth? The rich always take the best. What’s the point of living anymore? Why is our society so dark? Jesus doesn’t love me! I don’t like you! Go to hell!” Those words shouted repeatedly in her head.

“I am futile. I am feeble-minded. I don’t deserve love. My parents abandoned me when I was a child. Why do I have to go through all these when others don’t? I will never succeed! No one really cares about me. No one likes me. I hate everyone in the world.” She was screaming when she heard those noises.

“Kill yourself. End the agony. Screw the world. I don’t give life a damn anymore.” She was reaching for the knife as she wanted all of this to stop.

She couldn’t bear it anymore. She wanted to taste sweetness again, just like the stranger she met at the restaurant, enjoying his cheesecake and Latte. She wanted to be happy again. She didn’t ask for those unfavorable emotions. She just wanted a simple life. She wanted to quit. She wanted to play dolls with her friend Ashley. She wanted peace in her heart. She wanted a family. She wanted………

Sugar wanted an end to this loathing situation once and for all. As she was about to slice her wrist with a knife, she met Pepper.

7

My cat had these amazing powers that I couldn’t explain. It was to bring those people who were desperately in need to me. It had brought me most of my clients. All of them were hanging on the edge of life and death. I think Pepper had some kind of charm and enchanting powers to illuminate or hypnotize people to follow it. If I was Batman, then Pepper would be my Robin. It would be my faithful and crucial sidekick. If Pepper had been a minute late to get to my clients, they would’ve been having a cup of poison with Satan in another world.

Sugar was no exception. She was aiming at her wrist artery when Pepper suddenly meowed in front of her. All I saw was Sugar gazing into Pepper’s eyes for a while and decided to forfeit her plan to follow it here.

“That’s all for me.” Sugar was sitting on a field of grass.

“Thank you for being honest with me.” I pat her head.

“Aren’t you afraid I am lying to you?” She raised an eyebrow. “You know I can control memories, right?”

“Are you lying to yourself right now, Sugar?” I sat down.

She shook her head as she hid her face between her knees.

“Then I trust you.” I said firmly. “If you’re lying to me, you won’t show me this much. And you know I can look through memories, right?”

She remained silent.

“Do you want to be happy?” I asked patiently.

“Yes……”

“Then be happy.”

She looked at me hesitantly.

“Stop taking away others’ recollections and start making your own.”

“What about the problems? What about my mother? What about those emotions that are erupting me? What about Ashley and all those people? What about me? What about………” Tears began to fall from her eyes.

“What about them? They don’t take away your happiness. You do! Stop avoiding sadness and begin to find a way to face them. Your powers are not going to get you anywhere.” I stared into her green eyes.

“But….. I was so happy and satisfied……..”

“You were sad and sorrow as well. Don’t forget those nights you struggled from all those noises and emotions. It was those who brought you almost to death!”

“But……”

“So what, if you have a complete family? So what, if you have a nice Christmas party with your friends? So what, if you have all the happy memories in the world?” I grabbed her arms. “Those are not yours. If you want glee and delight, create them yourself. When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade.”

“I am scared.” She looked down. “I am afraid that I would be hurt if I become happy again.”

“That’s life.” I scratched her head. “It has ups and downs.”

“I don’t want to feel lonely.” She cried. “I just wanted someone to share the joyful moments with me and understand me when I am going through tough times! Why is it so hard to have a friend that cherish me no matter what my background is? Why is it so hard to find a pair of loving parents? Why do I have to become like this?”

“Because you wanted to become like this.” I answered. “Remember what the voice said to you when you surrendered your body to it?”

Her face went pale when she discovered what she had given to her gain powers. “My own soul. I have given up my own opportunity to become joyful to some kind of fake memories.” Her lips were shivering.

“Now you know why you were unable to taste sweetness?”

She nodded with disappointment and grief. All those times she was taking someone’s remembrances, she was slowly giving away her soul as well. Finally, she was addicted to joy and delight. Thus, her soul would crave for other blissful memories when she didn’t feed it regularly.

“It’s okay to avoid from sadness and sorrow.” I wiped away the tears on her cheeks. “But you have to face them one day, with or without your powers.”

She nodded.

“To complete my work.” I stood up. “You know what you have to do, Sugar.” I gave her an encouraging smile.

“I will learn how to face problems in life. I am not going to run away anymore.”

“Let me finish the rest.” I snapped my fingers. “Memory Demon, get away from her. She has chosen the correct path.” The demon got out of her soul, carrying tons of darkness, those were the burdens of the people who Sugar had absorbed.

“I took away that many?” She gasped.

“Fear and agony let people make the worst decisions.”

 

“Waky waky, sleeping beauty.” I wiped her forehead.

She opened her eyes and gave me an innocent smile, like a child seeing her parents for the first time, like a flower blooming at sunrise, like eating a sweet waffle that melts my tongue.

“Morning sunshine.” I poured a cup of tea. “Welcome to your new life.”

“Am I going to be alone again?” Her smile began to fade as she knew we are going to part.

“No, silly.” I assured “Not this time, not ever.” I hugged her.

“Thank you, um……..”

“Call me Jack. Jack the Sorcerer.”

“Thank you for not giving up on me, Jack the Sorcerer.”

“Jack is fine.”

“Alright.” Her smile reappeared.

“Meow.” Pepper was brushing its body against my legs.

“Play with Pepper as I prepare breakfast for everyone.” I stood up and winked. “I believe you too have developed a special bond.”

“Come here, Pepper. Let me tell you a fascinating story while Jack prepares food for us.” Sugar held it in her hands. “It all started when a girl met a cat at her darkest moments…………”

After breakfast, Sugar and I had a serious talk.

“What is going to happen to Ashley once she got her memories back?”

“She would be normal again, all the victims would be.” I took a sip of tea. “But for Ashley, I think she has a lot to catch on because spending so many years in an asylum has cost her precious youth, especially the relationship with her friends and family.”

“Is there anything I can do for her?” Tears began to drop from Sugar’s eyes. “For all the victims?”

“Patch up the wound with Ashley first.” I suggested. “I will handle the rest as you didn’t steal lots of vital memories from them.”

Sugar faced down, frowning with regret.

“The important thing is that you have chosen the correct path.” I encouraged. “You can use your powers to help people like yourself.”

She remained silent.

“Don’t be afraid of your powers. I was once like that, and the results were detrimental.” I took another sip of tea. “Remember, you are not alone this time. I can teach you how to control them.”

“Really?” She looked at me with a pair of wet eyes.

“Yes.” I pat on her head. “But first, let’s go visit your friend first.”

She nodded.

–END–

