Social Story – Unexpected Happiness

Photo credit: 

 from 

Its again Monday.My kids hate Mondays, even I do. I hate Mondays more than them. Mondays drain all my strength, and makes me to feel that I’m dead.  I have to prepare food for my kids, make them get ready to their school, and I have to go to my part-time work. Then I have to stitch the clothes which are there for delivery. Such a terrible life I have.

Though this is my usual routine, I hate Mondays specially because of the load in the household work which I have in the house I work for. Its a house where few working women stay together.I do washing their vessels, cleaning the house. Its pretty decent to do household work in their house, because these women will leave for their office before I go to work mostly. So no supervisors for me. Even if they stay when I’m working they dont bother unlike other housewives.

But the thing which I hate is they cook so much, that there will be so much of vessels to wash, almost all the vessels in the house, will be there in the basin to clean on Mondays. And the other worst thing, they don’t even clean the place, even if it looks too worst. They simply don’t care. They never bothered to know my name. It irritates me when I’m weak, but still I hold on to this job because I get a pretty decent pay for around 2 hours/day.

And the other which bothers me the most is they know that I’m still working there because I’m not able to find a better house than this. What I hate the most is, they do spend on so much stupid things, but they don’t have the heart to pay me 100 extra. I have been asking them for 100 bucks extra for almost 6 months now, and they don’t even consider that. With this costlier world, I’m not able to support my family with the meagre salary which I earn.

I often wonder why the fate had did so much injustice to me? We are all of almost same age, few are even juniors to me. I’m seeing the life they enjoy. What did I do ? If i would have had a better education like them , probably I will be also working like them in some software company. may be I will be in better position than them. Do they know how to lead a life with the salary i earn? have they ever faced any problem in their life? I literally cry when I see so much of wasted food items in the garbage. I often skip my meals at the month end. Poverty kills me. These girls even eat Pizza’s and other costlier cakes/ chocolates whenever they wish. I’m so much jealous of their life.

With these thoughts running in my mind, I reached their house in the morning to speak with them for my increment in my salary. They agreed that they will increase my salary from this month. When I went and asked they told that they will give the salary tomorrow since they dint go to ATM. I was so disappointed since I had plans to buy so much of items, to pay rent, fees ,and so much.Now I have to push somehow one more day. It hurts me more. I had promised my kid, that I will cook non-veg today. He will be so disappointed. My budget allows me to cook non-veg only once a month. My kids will be so eagerly waiting for this day.

I felt so weak, as though nothing left in my body. I walked slowly to their house, to get the salary. It would be great if they atleast increment 200 bucks, but I’m not sure, what they are going to do. 200 bucks increment is just easy for them, 40 rupees per head, Now I have to fight for this 40 rupees with everyone. I don’t have any more strength left over. Why can’t these gals simply increment 200 bucks? I felt like crying. I went there with so much of expectations. I asked for salary, and I asked how much they incremented.

The gal who gave me the salary, “Dont be tensed akka, just check on your own”.

My fingers are trembling when I was counting the money. I couldn’t just believe, I counted it again. There is 500 rupees extra. I felt that I will die because of happiness.

She told – ” You shouldn’t ask for increment again and again’, and I replied happily that I will ask them by next year.

 __END__

