Social Short Story – The Hunger Strike

Photo credit: 

 from 

He seems to be the only human in the village. Yes, Mr Ramchandra was a philanthropist by nature and his unfortunate village is not connected to the town.  Mr Ramchandra has visited the town quiet often, he has seen the development of town, he has seen how the town is progressing. Then one question comes into his mind is that if the town can progress then why not his village ?

The elections are also nearing and all Mr Ramchandra wants is that the village should be connected to the town by a pukka road so that there will be ease of transportation. It will be easier for people to get to the village easily and to earn their livelihood. Mr. Ramchandra spoke to the Sarpanch about it but to his surprise the sarpanch didn’t took interest in what he was saying and Mr. Ramchandra decided that he will fight by himself for the rights of his village, after all he was a philanthropist.

Elections are nearing by and many politicians used to visit the village and the town. Mr. Ramchandra decided to go on a hunger strike. He thought may be his Hunger strike will strike his thoughts into the minds of the politicians and they will do the needful for the village. He sat on a hunger strike because after 3 days was the visit of the politician Chandra Kumar. He was a renowned politician with much power in his hands.

Mr ramchandra went for hunger strike. 2 days no one took care of him, he was growing weaker and weaker. After all how much can a body of 70 years can hold ? 3rd day and time for the visit of Mr chandra kumar. Mr. ramchandra was weaker and weaker. On the other hand the promises of Chandra kumar was coming like a flood.

He was telling – Give me the chair and I will bring livelihood, employment, food, water, electricity to your village. On the other hand Mr. Ramchandra on hearing this was smiling slowly, but his smile was getting lost in his weakness and 5 years after his death due to hunger strike still the village is not changed. Nothing has changed. Everything is the same.

__END__

