One day I was going to my office before time in my car. After sometime i stopped at one place because of the long traffic but with in half an hour I was out of this traffic. Just before reaching my office. I saw two boys were selling popcorn. I went near to them , asked for 1/2 kilograms popcorn. They gave me within 5 minutes. “How much for this?” – I asked. They said Sir it’s rupees 30. Then I asked their name,they said Sahib , Asib. Sahib was elder brother than Asib.

I asked from Sahib “Why are you doing this?”.

Sahib answered that we are doing to earn money for our family .

“Very good” -I said to them. Then I asked my next question “Do you both have any hobby?”

“No Sir, we have no money left after all spending on food and medicine.”

“Medicine for what! You guys are looking good”, I said.

“Sir I have cold and area where we live has garbage house, you know Sir, area having garbage house has more chance to have diseases.”

Suddenly, Asib said he is lying he has no cold and there is nothing like this. Our mother is not well since last week because of typhoid so that’s why we purchase medicine and they both started crying.

“Oh my God , Please don’t cry”- I said. Then i asked  “where is your father?.”

Sahib said My father is in prison because of two murders and he will not come out- the court said this.

Abruptly a bell rang from my pocket because of the call from my boss. At that time I was late by 20 minutes. I have to leave now boys and can you come at this place – I said to them.

They said “Sir, we come regular here. We will be here waiting for you.”

“Oh thanks boys”- I said.

Next day I went to that place where I met them yesterday. Today they were not selling popcorn and standing at their place. I went near to them, asked why are you not selling popcorn? They said Sir, we were just waiting for you. We are going in 30 minutes because our mother has high fever and our elder cousin sister is looking after her. I can see in their eyes that they are so broken from inside. So made my mind to help them. Then I asked for helping them. They said Sir, thanks for your help. We are now used to do these things and can help ourselves & family. I was surprised after hearing their words. May God bless them forever to fight their problems- I prayed for them. Then I went to my office in car.

 –END–

