She was the girl every father wished to have a daughter like. The girl who never gave up on her dreams or on people she loved. The girl who gave her everything to see people happy and so she was named “Muskan”.

The word itself brought happiness to people’s mind but some where, some how she forgot to make herself happy.She was beatiful,but not like victoria secret’s models but like Rachel Simon(an author) because she was beautiful for the way she thought. She was beautiful for that sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved. She was beautiful for her ability to make people smile even when she was sad.She wasn’t beautiful in her looks which would fade away someday but like her thoughts which would always stay deep down in her soul.

Muskan faced depression in her teenage years. She lost her superhero, her support system, the one she was alive for,her dad. By the loss of her father and a trizillion things going on in her school she faced this. She would cry all day long thinking about things which were not even going to happen. She would lay in her bed, with her hand over her mouth so she doesn’t make any noise. Tears rolling onto her pillow and her heart’s breaking and she thought of everything that could make her cry. She would sleep alot and eat absolutely nothing. She couldn’t talk about her problems to anyone because the one whom she shared her thoughts with was no longer with her. She did not wanted to go to school because she would face people whom she did not wanted to see. She had a smile on her face but no one knew that she is the same girl who cries herself to sleep every night. She felt hopeless. Sleep wasn’t just sleep for her,it was more like an escape from this world. She loved writing down her thoughts but she became unknown to her own thoughts.

She no longer wanted to feel the same way. She was tired of crying everyday and therefore she decided to see things in a different way. She decided to love things as they are and to stop expecting people to help her. She thought of becoming like her father and show everyone that even if her father died her daughter will play as a son of the family. It was really difficult for her but she did not give up. The only thing which stoped her from giving up was that she wanted to prove everyone that there is a better side of her and the love of her father kept her from not giving up. She had a positive feeling towards everything now and eventually everything changed. She loved literature and therefore she started writing novels. Her work is appreciated today and now she loves herself and her work. Though the loss of her father caused her depression but she fought it and made her family proud.

She is an example for all the people who dont feel good for whatever reason. We should be able to find the calm in the chaos and learn to stay happy whatever the circumstances are. We should share our thoughts with someone we trust because if we don’t then that thoughts are even capable enough to destroy us someday. I salute all the people facing mental illness because nothing is terrifying than batling with your own mind everyday. Just don’t give up and remember before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness.

–END–

