Social Story – Birds of a feather

Photo credit: 

 from 

As the birds of a similar kind or feather flock together, people usually associate with others who share similar interests or values.

There is small hamlet by name ‘War and peace Hamlet’ in old England. The name says that this hamlet is for war and peace also. The two people in this village who are remembered as pillars are two sisters. They are Brook and Ella sisters.

Brooks and Ella are of same taste. Brooks is elder sister and Ella is younger sister. They are birds of a feather. They both compete to do something to keep their name well remembered.

Brooks husband Brian is a army officer. He is high ranking and high spirited gentle man. So he is treated as a prominent person in that village. His name is so loftily taken by any one, so Brooks is very much happy to be called as “WIFE of BRIAN” – “the army officer’s wife” – “Respected army man’s wife” etc.

Brooks lives in the same village in a good, big house purchased by Brian. Her mother and father are in their old house. Brooks has no children. But she is rich woman in the village like her sister Ella. She has many servants in the house and she tries to show her high status with her deeds.

She gives parties to villagers on festivals and on the occasion of Christmas, she gives gifts to the villagers. So she is liked by many villagers and her name is dancing on the tongues of villagers as great woman.

Ella’s husband Alan is a business man. He is always in tour, but he is earning a lot. That is a great thing for Ella. Ella friends like to visit her house and always praise at the articles they have. All the latest and popular electronics will be in her house. They have purchased a farm house in the village they are living.

Ella’s farm house is the place of attraction in that village. The villagers come to work in the farm and Ella is generous, so she gives the fruits and vegetables grown in her farm freely to the villagers. That is a nice thing she does, so her name is dancing on the tongues of the villagers as “Generous woman”-Benevolent Lady”- “Kind hearted woman” like so many adjectives are used for Ella. Ella also has no children like her elder sister Brooks.

Brooks and Ella meet frequently. They visit each other’s houses and sit and talk hours. But what they do is very peculiar thing. They try to gauge the values of their properties and try to show their exalted high status. This one thing makes them as running in some competition. They like to be always Forerunner.

After few years, one day news has come that Brian is wounded in the war. He lost one leg and one hand in the war. In few days, he has been discharged from the hospital. As he is not fit for the war, he has been relieved from his services. He is in home reading something, watching TV and speaking with young people in the village to be the part of army.

Brooks was unhappy at this calamity. But she is very much careful in taking care of her husband. She tries to make him more comfortable at home.

Ella’s husband Alan asked him to start a ‘pre-war spirit school’ in the village and he suggested that by this school, he can do his duty for the country by enrolling people for the cause of army of the country.

Brian liked this thought and he started a ‘school of war Force’ and started giving primary training to the pupils interested to join the army.

Again, the name of Brian is top in the village ‘War and peace Hamlet’ and Brian family is happy.

Ella is now feeling sorry for her husband is a business man. She knows that Alan is the man who inspired Brian to open the war school. So is thinking to do something that can make her name also powerful.

War is destruction. Is it needed? The people getting involved in war are at risk of life at any time. Brian lost his free mobility just because of war. So the spirit of war should be counter attacked, but how?

Ella is thinking seriously about this. Meanwhile one incident took place.

Ell’s husband Alan is kidnapped by some terrorists as he is from the family of war promoter Brian. Ella is very much disturbed at this. She loves her husband more than her property.

After few days, she has been informed that he will be released if he tries something to stop the war school working well. At first he did not accept and next, he asked to get his wife’s acceptance.

The messenger is a villager and his name is Henry. He is very nice man and nobody knows that he has contacts with terrorists. He passed on the message. She immediately sent her acceptance.

After few days, villagers knew that Alan was released by the terrorists. Nobody knows why he is caught by terrorists and how he is released. It is top secret in the hearts of Alan and Ella.

In few days, a society by name “Peace school” is started by Alan and Ella is the main attraction of the school. The news of Peace school is spread throughout the country. People encouraged Alan and Ella very much. Funds are flowing in for their mission and so many people are joining in the peace school.

Brian is getting some financial troubles to run the school. Allan is turning their mission against terrorists and other disturbing elements.

As a result of the two schools of war and peace, the village is renamed as WAR AND PEACE HAMLET.

Nobody knows how this hamlet has become war and peace hamlet.

The birds of a feather, Mrs Brooks and Mrs Ella are the key stones of this hamlet.

Now the two people are not there, but their institutions are running well, as the stars of attraction.

_THE END_

