Social Story – The Ugly Brawl

Photo credit: 

 from 

“SILENCE” the judge ordered, banging the gavel ruling silence in the courtroom. At last, the time to read the verdict had arrived. “I find the accused Jordan”, pausing for a dramatic effect and continued,” He shall be hung to death this 4th of December 2000; May the god show his mercy on your soul”.

 All Jordan could do was to sob uncontrollably. Tears cascaded down his cheeks like pearl drops even knowing it was no use of crying over spilt milk, he gasped for his breath as snatches of that fatal incident flashed across his mind like a replay of history.

 Exactly a year back,

4th December 1999. All seemed well as a perfect day at the seashore. Water glistened like a pool of diamonds and the sun had just rose splashing its crimson red hues over the horizon. It was the annual fishing competition. Droves of people streamed into the beach with excitement playing broad ripples at their faces.

All competitors cast their rods with bait at the end to wait for a worthy catch. The vivacious crowed encouraged them with all support they could give. Time flew so fast…..It was almost drawing an end to the completion yet none had their catch. That was when all hell broke loose. Jordon’s abrupt high –pitched voice reverberated in the air breaking that eerie silence. “Here i get it ! MY catch!!”, he exclaimed in euphorbia. With all strength he could muster dormant within his soul he reeled against the line. Instead of a mammoth sized fish he expected, he espied torn algae –streaked boots .All futile attempts ended in vain.

Just then a young lad screamed in excitement,”Yeahhhh I’ve got it…not a boot bus a fish!!” Mark was beaming arrogantly flopping the salmon fish before Jordan and guffawed till his sides would hurt. This caught Jordan’s attention and he snarled at Mark with a string of expletives.

His eyes beamed with unbelievable ire as if possessed by a demon .Veins throbbed his temples. Mark replied “Cool man …after all that was just a pair of boots..Chuck it!”

Before long, the heated exchange of words turned into an ugly brawl. Jordan swung his rod at Mark. Mark groaned in agony; a scarlet fluid gushed out! BLOOD!!!!!!

Pandemonium broke loose and the crowd stared agog at the brutal fight .Jordan delivered a powerful blow on his stomach that toppled like a sack of potatoes into the shallow water thrashing each other wildly.

Mark dunked Jordan’s head beneath the water in a headlock and tightened his grip. With newfound energy fuelling and adrenaline surging through his body, Jordan punched him vivaciously . The crowd started pulling them aside in futile attempts but none availed.

Spasms of pain throbbed Mark’s temples. He felt like he was going to burst with every pulse, attempting to stand up but every time he did pain lanced through his stomach. Never did Jordan realise graves were calling Mark nearby; He kicked him gleefully for one last time …and that’s it..

The world had come to an abrupt halt and it was pitch darkness for Mark. He resembled a lifeless rag doll. Yes! He was dead! . Jordan never could believe his eyes; a cold blooded murder with his own hands. Remorse started engulfing him! Realization that he would be caught dawned upon him.

Incessant wailing of sirens snapped him back to reality piercing through the dense air; He became frantic. Impulsively he broke into a mad sprint. Fear lent to his feet. A posse of policemen followed him in hot pursuit; cornered him and he was outnumbered and defeated.

Now though Jordan regrets what he did in a fit of anger his actions couldn’t be reversed. The remorse of killing Mark lingered in his mind till he was sent to gallows.

AS YOU SOW, SO YOU REAP

__END__

