Once there was a small boy named Lucky. He always used to spent most of his time with his father. His father was a farmer. A war was going on between the two provinces at that time. Unfortunately Lucky’s family also became a victim of that war.

His father, Albert was forced to join in the army as the army general was forcibly recruiting farmers as soldiers. Lucky was enraged because of these circumstances. During the war, his father was unable to return to home because of the everyday ravages and destruction, also he was bound to fight as a soldier. A month passed on. His family was suffering a lot because Albert was the only one who was working for living. Lucky and his mother decided to go to the war place for the search of Albert.

When they reach near the war zones. They met a soldier who was returning to home. They asked him about Albert but the soldier unable to help them as he was unknown to Albert. He suggested them to go and meet the upper posts like general or any other. When Lucky and his mother reached to a army bunker. They saw the general and ask him the same question. He said that the war has over but many soldiers were died.

Then he left. Lucky and his mother went to the place where the dead bodies of soldiers were assembled. They searched a lot and finally they found the dead body of Albert. Lucky’s mother start to cry along with Lucky. Lucky cried heavily and promised his mother that he will create a nation in which there will be no war, no sorrow, no pain.

And from that day Lucky followed every ways from which he can rule over the nation. His mother died after 7 years. He alone possessed by hatred trying to be the ruler. And one day he finally achieved his goal and become the ruler. He declared that using violence as restricted for using as method of solving things and later he also became a part of a war and died in it. But he was named as the best ruler ever of the era. But one thing is sure that war only brings pain . And it creates hatred which can ruin human lives.

–END–

