LIFE UNPLUGGED – Social Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

I  was in balcony, all lost in my own world…when suddenly I felt hands on my shoulder. It was my hubby, I regained my senses and came back from past. Life was all set a good loving Husband , a lovely daughter, passionate job …everything was so perfect.

The very same night I was hearing a program on fm (radio) channel….the RJ was asking to confess something from past and I was confused as my all past was worth confessing……Next morning a college friend of mine rang the bell of door and I was so happy to see her she was my best friend ..she gave me a abrupt news.  Shashank who was my college friend was in hospital as he was hiv+. I was shocked …I dont know what to say to riya but I was nervous and concerned now. I dont know what striked strikes my mind, next day I was parking my car in front of  a blood testing lab in my locality. My daughter who is just 3 yrs old was crying as we entered  the corridor of  the lab. Everywhere people were moving fast, lot of noise ….I had my blood test and started waiting anxiously for my report.

After 2 hours of wait……my report was in my hands and I was sitting in front of doctor …..his voice was low ….and he told me I WAS HIV +….I was not in my senses. I became deaf after hearing this line…

I came Home. I was lost in myself and my college days were in front of me. Shashank and me were in relationship …for 4 years …I loved him. We had our beautiful world ……but then destiny took a turn and I was married to Ravi  …but what now I had fear running in my mind and I immediately called my hubby to rush to home….

I dint knew what to confess Ravi …I was all blank….but I narrated him everything. He was in shock…and dint spoke anything for one hour, was sitting motionless on a chair…then he stood came near to me and said

“Love we cant change anything now….search some way to save our daughter”

I was feeling everything is suddenly destroye in my once HAPPY LIFE….happiness was UNPLUGGED N SO WAS LIFE……………

__END__

