A few months ago we had a school trip to a water park, before I continue my short story you should know few things about me, when I was small I used to get afraid of many things, years passed, and eventually I changed nearly a guy who tries to face his fear. So this story is about the incident which made me try to face my fears.. Continuing my story of my school trip to Water Park I saw a girl, who was my classmate, she hesitated to go to a water slide. Seeing her reminded me how I was few years back.

This was nearly 5 years back, we had a school trip that year to the same water park, I being a coward was not able to enjoy my trip as I feared to try many water slides, the one exact water slide I remember was the TORNADO. A person would enter to a passageway which is at a height, in the beginning the person slides slowly turning round and round…. and right when the passageway is about to end the sliding gets quicker and the person enters into a bowl like structure and drops into a tiny hole right in the centre of the bowly structure, so if you have understood what kind of slide it was you may feel its nothing to be get afraid of. But I never tried that slide that year; I could see the exact same fear in that girl.

‘’ Today’s the day ‘’ I felt… I went to the place of TORNADO slide along my friends who were as crazy as I was but not a coward like me, waiting in the queue I began to shiver, goose bumps appeared on my arms, thinking when I would be carried to the TORNADO DEATH SLIDE.. finally it was my turn.. Rested my head leaning my back to the entry of the passageway and there I go…. Sliding…. The one thing I realised after sliding is it was more like TORNADO ALIVE SLIDE.. I was really filled with joy.. That feeling of being so agile I can never forget that moment.. that day I realised whenever we face our fears we feel the supreme happiness , a feeling of awesomeness which many fail to due to their fears.

We are beings of supreme intelligence, we differ from many other animals in many ways, but fear is a feeling we all animals feel. People say Fear makes you weak, but I disagree, fear makes you strong. Fear is a strong and a common feeling among all of us, due to this we always fail to enjoy many great wonders, adventures of this world. It was only because of fear I was able to feel alive after the slide. So I ultimately say that we should try to face our silly fears and enjoy our life.

–END–

