Short Story Social – Feud

Photo credit: 

 from 

Vinayan a fifty aged old man was a great director who had directed seven movies.He always takes more time for making a film.He made himself to be recognised in cinema field and became famous around India but he always lags and feels to get an award for his film.He was currently working on a project and was writing script for it.While writing script he used to sit with his assistant directors and think with them .Those assistant directors used to give him lots of idea regarding story and he used to add those lines if they are good.

Currently there was five assistant directors working for him.His eight project was big flop and he tried to overcome from that defeat but was unable to succeed in his next project also. Since his name was damaged the assistant directors working for him started to work with other directors and some assistant directors started to direct the film.Vinay was vexed because of his failure. But still with him an assistant director named Nivin was working for him.Vinay started his next project and he was in an intention to succeed this time. He was in need of some young aspiring and skilful person for working with him in his upcoming work. He appointed three assistant directors to work with him. Right now he had four assistant directors and he planned to produce his next movie by himself as no one gave him a chance.

Guru was a talented and skilful guy who had discontinued his engineering. He was begging for a chance of assistant director since he had no qualification in communication skill he was rejected many times. Finally he gets a chance from Vinay who only believed in talents and not in qualification. Guru was sincere to Vinay and gave him lots of idea.Vinay was impressed on his work and thoughts. He was in an intension to not to lose him.

One day in shoot Vinay was not well and Guru was forced to direct that most important scene of the film. He made that shot very well and was appreciated by everyone.That film became a big success and Vinay thanked to his whole team by throwing a party to them. Everyone were enjoying in that moment. Guru saw a girl who was standing next to Vinay whom he had had not seen before. Later he came to know that its Vinay’s younger daughter who was studying in foreign and came to India the previous day.

After few days they all again started to work for their next project. He tried to forget her as it was his boss’s daughter.They all were sitting in Vinay’s house this time. Amritha was distracting him by walking in front of him.They all were thinking about some situation for their next project. Nivin told to Guru that “she was enquiring about you in that party and I think she is in love with you. If you don’t believe me peep that window and see that girl who is trying to attract you”.

Guru also came to know everything about her but his first intension was to became a director and next…..He also felt guilty for loving her. Next day Guru came first to Vinay’s home and was working for their project suddenly Amritha came and sat next to him. She was continuously speaking to him,he was listening to her. When he was about reply her Nivin came. As she quickly cleared the place Nivin thought that they both were speaking something personally and made a smile on seeing Guru.

Guru told him”don’t imagine anything,nothing happened here”.

Guru was working hard for their next project. He was residing alone in a small house. Someone knocked his door and when he opened he was surprised to see Amritha standing in front of his door.

She came in and told”I am so crazy on you and your disturbing me a lot I am very confused regarding my future.I think I had fallen in love with you”.

He made a childish smile on seeing her and told”my first aim is to direct a movie and next…..let’s be good friends and then will try to satisfy you after I succeed in my carrier”.

She agreed to him and they both became close friends. She used to encourage him everytime.Vinay and his team were working very sincerely for their movie.The idea given by Guru always used to be good and innovative.The producer of the movie encouraged Guru by saying”I think you are the director of this movie and sincere guy in this team”.

Vinay felt slightly ashamed and felt jealous on listening to his words. After finishing that movie they all were watching movie in preview theatre.The producer personally came and told to Vinay”The movie as came out well.I think if Guru is not in your team then your movie would be not so good, anyway you are captain of this movie who lead it to sail in good way,congrats”.

Vinay started to hate Guru and misbehaved to him. In home Vinay was speaking badly about Guru to his wife. Amritha heard everything and felt bad. She was thinking for a reason regarding her dad’s anger.Vinay was planning to make some changes in his movie so he called all his assistant’s for working.

Next day all were there except Guru.Vinay was explaining something to them.When Guru came inside the room Vinay did not spoke to him. Guru asked to Nivin”Why did you guys started the project work without me”

(Vinay told to his assistants before that if there is absentities in their team no one must work unless if someone is in bad situation).When Guru went to spoke with Vinay,he just shook his head and did not replied him.Guru was upset and was worried because of Vinay who did not respected him. Amritha came and told to him regarding his dad. On listening to it Guru understood that Vinay was feeling jealous on him.

Next day he went and told to Vinay that”Sir,thanks for your help and kindness you showed on me.I am quitting my job and have decided to make a film”.

Guru was searching for a good producer for his movie and caught a producer named Lingam. For launching function of his movie he went and called Vinay(he accepted to come) but unfortunately before launching,the movie was called of. Guru was so depressed,Amrtiha tried to convince but he was fully filled with emotion. He was invited for his school alumni function. He was happy to see his old friends their and was chatting with them joyfully. He explained his situation to his friends and requested for some works to them as he was unemployed.

After some days one of his friends called him to meet personally. Guru was happy and thought that he had got a job. His friend gave him an intro to his brother regarding film. Guru was more excited and was saying his fully story to him. His brother accepted to him, without any press meet and function they started the movie. He met Amritha after long days and was sharing something to her.

She told him that“my father is one who stopped your project before using his influence. He his having more ego than before and is in an intension to stop your growth in cinema field. Be aware of him and handle the situations carefully”.

But Guru did not had any ego or felt jealous on Vinay. He was behaving friendly to him as always.Vinay came to know everything but was remaining calm and suddenly he got an idea of making the film to clash it against Guru’s movie.Vinay made lots of trouble while filming but Guru tackled those situation wisely and successfully completed his film. He was keeping his movie secrete without releasing any poster.

The post production work was going on.He was very happy to see his movie in newspaper add.The audio launch work was going in full swing. On seeing the paper add Vinay was puzzled. He made many plans for destroying Guru’s movie. Guru was happy to see his movie’s album cover.The album consisted of 8 tracks.

Guru was eagerly waiting for the audio launch function.Unfortunately a song from that track was leaked in internet on hearing to that news Guru was horrified. Because of that issue the producer planned to release the music on next day. During that function Guru indirectly mentioned in his speech that Vinay is the one who released the song on net(but he did not mentioned his name to press).The album was well appreciated by everyone and the expectation of the movie was growing more.

Guru was happy with the response from everyone.Guru was in anger with Vinay for doing such fraud work.But Vinay did not released it,it was done by some anonymous person.Vinay did not considered that issue to be big and was working for his movie release. Guru was in an intension to win his movie over him. Vinay was in a challenged position to show that he is better guy than Guru. They both worked hard for their movie and scheduled to release both of their movies on same day.

The theatre owners were in damn situation regarding the release because they were in confused state regarding the theatre screening and show details .Finally Vinay’s movie was given more preference on screening. Amritha was sad because she don’t know whom to support.There was just one day for the release of movie.Vinay was in a nightmare and was so serious. He didn’t want to lose his game over Guru. Guru was also in same situation and he also didn’t want to lose to Vinay.

Both their films were released and both the films were declared as hit.Vinay was feeling bad because Guru was in equal position in market after making a hit film.Vinay did not felt happy for his movie which was also hit,he just wants to let down Guru.

After somedays an award function was organised by a private channel.In that for best directors category five directors were nominated were they two were included.All were eagerly waiting for the result and the winner was Guru.Vinay felt so guilty and felt that Guru was overtaking him.After receiving award he invited Vinay on stage and praised him(at early after audio launch of his film Guru came to know that his songs was released by some other guy and not by Vinay)and also told that “without Vinay sir I am not here and this award is really deserves to him and not me”

he gives his award to him and forces him to hold it.In that moment Vinay felt so bad on himself and just made a hug on him by saying sorry to him.Guru was delighted in that moment and was in cloud nine.On looking at that colourful stage Amritha was happy.After getting down of stage Vinay was having great chat with Guru after a long time and Vinay offered him a chance for directing a movie under his banner.Without thinking Guru accepted and started their project.

__END__

