Short Story – Untold Truth

Photo credit: 

 from 

The day she promised to commit to a guy who had helped her in many ways and was also her dream boy was the happiest day of her life till then. After the day her life changes, she is confused if the changes are for good or bad. Fallen in love at the delicate teenage she believes whatever is happening is for good and she has chosen it.

They start sharing every moment with each other and she becomes so much close to him that she moves away from every single person. After around 3 years of their courtship she turns back and sees she hasn’t made any friends because she just doesn’t t have time. She doesn’t care as she was blindly in love.

She was a dignified person, cheerful, enthusiastic, full of life, very courageous and outgoing. She was a very determined girl wanted to fulfil her parents specially dads dream of being a good human being. One wrong step and her character her education her dreams her hopes every single thing shatters and becomes pieces.

Because of the mistake of choosing her life partner a lot bit early she becomes dead opposite. A person who believes theft at any place was a sin starts stealing at her own. She would see even beggars with respect and love starts hating her own family members because of the ordeal she passes through at a very delicate phase of her life. She always believed in solving problems but now prefers to run away from them.

Finally a day comes when she was no more capable of accumulating all the shattered pieces of her life and kills herself in front of her only daughter who was just more than everything for her. This crucial step leaves the small child with a big black memory of her childhood. The child was so attached to her mother that from the day she sees her mother getting buried she stops smiling.

She had long back decided to end her life but would gather all the pieces again and start moving just to see her child smile she was the breath of her life. But one day she lost all hopes and she had to move on.

Everybody felt she was covered and not able to face the world but she was so badly broken by people around her that she was in no position to clutch on her confidence and progress.

__END__

