She started her day as usual with her normal daily routine, from getting up early in the morning till sleeping late at night.

And I know by reading this first line you must have guessed, I am talking about the messenger of God..MOM

I always want to say her that no one can take place of her..and the worst part is we realize but we hardly show our affection towards our lovely MOMS.

Why a son forgets to ask her Wellbeing? Why a husband can’t cook sometime?…A housewife doesn’t marry to a house right!!!!

So she started with her exercise and with her herbal tea..soon she realized the water is overflowing and ran towards the water-knob to pull it down..and took a deep breath” phewwww”, went into the kitchen to cook some yummy delicious food, as it was the summer season, even the exhaust failed to atleast blow the smoke and heat.

She cooked fast..served everyone..and all went to their office by saying goodbye to her!..and then the Rajnikanth started her rest of the household activities. In between the day and night, she missed something important , something caring which she wanted but never demanded.

Can anyone guess??

A Phone call….yes you heard it right, just a ring..some talks and her mind is back to the garden where flower blossoms (but it was just a small dream..or I would rather say a wish)

Husband has meetings. Son is busy with his college activitites and no one cares to atleast ask her did you have your food…Ahhh

Sun has just set down..and now is the dinner preparation time, everyone arrived from there workoffice and are happily doing dinner, as everyone doing dinner in there own set room..no one bothered to sit with her and eat together concept. Utensils in the sink and she is going to wash it,but by the time everyone slept…and again no one asked her for any help!…and she becomes the last person to go on the bed and the same repeats.

The only moral is words are untold but feelings need to felt..next time you are with your MOM ask her concerns too, sometimes only a few words are enough to soothe a million pains.

–END–

