Short Story Social – Alertness

Image© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

This is the story which gives the message of alertness which is required everywhere now-a-days. Sometimes, we neglect many things in our daily life which is shown in my story :-

Jyoti was working as a computer operator in a private company. One day, she met with sales manager named Jaikishan in her office who was transferred from other branch of that company on promotion. After sometime, Jyoti began to like him but both belong to different caste which is the main barrier in our society and she realized that Jaikishan also liked her. So, both proposed each other but couldn’t dare to marry because of the fear of society.

One day, Jaikishan gives her a proposal for dating which was accepted by Jyoti. But Jaikishan brought her in a hostel for sex. Jyoti didn’t protest before his wish. But her parents called in her office because Jyoti’s mobile were switched off. When her owner(named Vikas) knows everything, he got a plan to exploit Jyoti in his mind and pretend them that Jyoti was busy in a office meeting with office manager and Jyoti’s parents believed on him.He informed Jyoti by sending message on her mobile and ordered to meet his cabin on next day.

On next day, he met both of them to give advise to separate from each other like an elder brother. He asked ” Do you love each other?” Both replied “Yes”.Vikas told ” Jyoti, I have kept your parents in dark. But the whole office knows about you and Vikas. Your marriage with Jaikishan will not be accepted by your parents and community. I advise you like an elder brother that you will have to break the relation.”

After that he asked Jaikishan ” Do you have any physical relation?” Jaikishan replied ” Yes, and we like each other.” One day, when all the office staff began to leave office after completion of office timings including Jaikishan, Vikas ordered Jyoti to stay sometime by giving some official work. Jyoti agreed and started the completion of work assigned to her.

After sometime, Vikas came in her cabin and began to molest her. Jyoti started crying and requested to stop it. Then, he threatened that he can disclose her secret to her parents and the whole staff will favour him.

Jyoti asked him ” Why are you misbehaving with me? I have respected you as an elder brother. How can you do this?”

Vikas replied ” There are some other female staff in the office. But you are an innocent girl.I can blackmail you easily.”

Jyoti got trapped and couldn’t share the incident and committed suicide with a suicide note to show that she is unhappy with her life and nobody is responsible for her death because she wanted to hide the truth from her family and saved the family from bad publicity in the society.

–END–

