  One who doesn’t know and doesn’t know that he doesn’t know… He will be eternally lost in his hopeless oblivion!  

I knew not what, nor where , neither what country . I neither saw , nor craved to see any people dwelling in the unresolved land .The land roused by atrocities ,without satiety. It might be possessed of politics ,crime , religion etc.

My head began to be filled very early with Irregular thoughts , I bade to observe the distempers and vicious living ,and didn’t desire to expose myself to many ups and downs however, I made resolution to precipitate myself into such miseries and to enter fairly into the station of life, full of vicissitudes .

Sliding gently through the land , Its beauty robbed the soul and peace and I was sensibly tasting the sweets of living , unaware to the cruelty and barbarous acts of this land . My all young desires prompting me to stay there ,neglecting the cousel of others and to assist my being .

Truly, all was not prophetic or any clue to know what was going to come about in this entire land .

It was my great time that in all these difficulties I would come to know round the unresolved land . Indubitably, It too was my fate to choose for the worse , so I did here without any more conceits , for having the chapter and verse of this land .Upon living there, the integrity and honesty I saw of the people of the land ,under whom also I got the real purpose of life ;for ,as they took delight to instruct me ,to learn me and in a word , the instructions made me the man of polite words .

I had misfortunes too, all told . I believe , it happned many times,going to the market in a calm morning ,a dreadful event rose,though I was not dumb and deaf ,So there was no chance of losing sight of it and I knew not which way to go then after seeing the ferocious attack of army on the innocent beings of that land.

But as soon as It grew a little time more ,the hues and cries were incising the sky and earth .Yet such was the fright I had taken ,and the dreadful apprehension I had,

By and by I heard such dreadful noises of barking,roaring and howling of creatures.I undoubtedly was ready to die with fear because of this frightful solitude in the quite dark time of the land .I begged of not to go on the land again.

–END–

