Social Short Story – HE WAS GENTLEMAN WITH UNUSUAL TRAITS

Social Short Story – HE WAS GENTLEMAN WITH UNUSUAL TRAITS

It was a pleasant evening as we landed in a factory premises on a remote hill area in north India some 25 years back. A smart, short stature youth watched us from the opposite side, made us at ease along with handful of boys. Now a part of eternity, I vividly recall few mannerisms of this gentleman along with other traits.

We gave a good company to him, evenings was very joyous days then, he mainly led the co- fellows to nearby river side or to some interior of forest, cracked jokes, he made it a point he be identified as separate from the group, so always was a bit ahead in groups, he chose and used personal belongings not available with others in the premises, this trait very dear to him kept all through.

Life relocated from concrete jungle to natural jungle made him happy more than any of us, he became fond of birds,trees ,flowers and elephants . Change of season, flowering of trees, like any other nature lover made him enthusiastic. He developed a fascination for bird songs and sounds of various varieties in tune with seasons. In the early hours used to wander nearby locations for recording their songs and sounds, proudly replayed the tapes to his friends. Friends were very selective and came to give a company during week ends, sometimes took them for a swim in nearby river, or a brisk walk followed by self made dishes.

He learned the art of cooking from his servant and later sent off the cook, began trying few recipes as a hobby later to become a good cook. Gradually he began to try a few culinary art; lastly aamla murabba clicked his mind as aamla (Goose burry) a seasonal fruit is in plenty in the region. With the cooking skill he developed all these years could make his own special aamla murabba  with few spices thus had a different flavour ,but without  preservative which was happily served whoever called on him .Whenever VIPs/dignitaries visited the premises, they very much relished his sweet & spicy murrabba and  was complimented profusely  for this hobby.

He remained a bachelor, and lead a cheerful life. During boyhood, nearby family disruptions and their sufferings might have made him to  adopt a sacrificing nature and remained  a pillar to family. After few years he turned more philosophical and conversations were mainly touching on this topic. Touring was a pastime, extensively toured covering many hilly remote locations, mostly a venture on foot.

He began to adapt to nature, during winter bathing was done using cold water; gradually avoided woolen clothes in day time, but in the evenings seen only with a shawl draped in contrast to earlier days covering himself with warm clothes, cap, gloves, muffler. Once on a journey further up a hill on icy cold days seen in plain clothes, villagers enquired if he was a poor guy and needed their support for woolen clothes-to which he gave a guffaw! So many of his friends advised against exposure in chill yet continued with his conviction.

Friendship in early years was a mix of all age, later he began to prefer to children’s company; little ones were very much delighted with eatables, shared jokes, and arranged competitions among them. Children whoever migrated for higher studies made it a point to call on him during vacations for sharing pleasantries.  When asked  why a “Chacha  Nehru”shift in his attitude came the reply that this cue  got from his neighbor appealed  as this category is of tender mind, spoke impartially totally unbiased and with open heart .Though he could not contribute much to co-fellows’ growth, children in the nearby area were a beneficiary of his good  Samaritan habits.

All these years we observed him for a change in his outlook ,but desperate we were, he remained a conservative.  Always carried food wrapped in foil on short journeys which was shared among friends, while doing so he  elaborated the process of his preparation, and how with minimum effort he made etc. He remained a simple human being but liked good amenities. On my farewell he saw me off with a bottle of aamla murabba, and a warm hand shake.that too was in an evening!

Later a year while on a casual telephonic talk to a friend,  the sad news that he  was laid up with a deadly disease jolted me, though fought  succumbed recently, severing a good friendship forever!

__END__

