Social Story – Rose’s first writing career

Photo credit: 

 from 

Rose can still clearly remember being in year nine at school and having a career decisions last lesson on a Tuesday afternoon. Unlike some of the students in her form class back then she always knew what her ideal dream career was. She was definitely planning to have a part time career in writing her own fictional stories. Being a great lover of horror type of films she knew she was going to mostly to write loads of her own horror stories. As well as some thriller and travel type of fiction. Her great aunt Lucy used to be a part time novelist and wrote her very own series of great children`s books. And got all of her books published. Which she became pretty successful for.

Rose knew she wanted to follow into her aunt Lucys footsteps but write adult fiction novels instead. She had just started writing her very first few horror novels and really got into the story lines and characterization. That she continued to finish writing her fiction stories to the very end spending a good few hours each evening of the week doing so. Each of her books that she wrote was fairly long and had 300 pages in total. It took her a good couple of months to write each entire novel. At the end of each day her arms would be aching with exhaustion which was to expected like her aunt Lucy told her. But however tiring it got for Rose as a fictional writer she would spend one hour writing and then have a good half an hour break from writing her book.

Before she knew it a good month had passed by and she received a surprising unexpected phone call from the amazon company to tell her that her first few novels were published and started to go out on the book shop shelves to sell to customers. It was such great exciting news to her that she then phoned her family to tell them about her published books. They were all absolutely thrilled for Rose. They wished her the best of luck in her novels now and in the future.

Rose ended up loving her part time career as a fiction writer and continued writing her own novels for many years. She thought that becoming a writer brought along so many benefits for her. Such as using a great amount of your own creativity, creating your own characters and writing to entertain your audience as much as possible. She seriously could not think of many disadvantages of having become a writer.

__END__

