Social Issue Short Story – Reality

Photo credit: 

 from 

This is the story of a girl who brings the trust of her parents on her but sometimes, parents can’t judge the truth which can ruin the life of anybody .But the scenes which can be easily seen by us, needn’t be the existing truth which is shown in my story.

Sakshi was a college going girl.She always busy herself in her studies because she was very much concerned about her career and never paid her attention towards fashion, etc. One day, she was proposed by her senior, named, Amit , who belonged to a rich family. He invited her for dating because he was in her class but different section and wanted to take her help for notes, cheating in exams, etc to pass in the exams. Indeed, he was failing in the same year for two years in the college.But Sakshi refused her invitation because she knew about him. Amit got angry and threatened her that he can ruin her image and career but Sakshi couldn’t take it seriously.

One day, there was heavy rain after the completion of college. Sakshi and her friends wanted to take an auto to reach their home. Amit invited Sakshi to take the lift in her car but she refused.

After that, Amit decided a wicked plan to ruin the life of Sakshi because Sakshi couldn’t got in his trap. So, he decided to spoil the image of Sakshi before her parents.

One day, when she reached at home, she noticed that every family member was looking her furiously but she couldn’t understand anything. She began to ask everybody and her parents began to beat her. She got surprised and asked about her fault. Her parents showed her nude pics with other person and asked ” What are you doing? You don’t cared about our image in the society. You will not go to college and we will marry you as soon as possible.”

Indeed, Amit clicked her pics secretly,posted her face on the internet pics and sent those pics by courier.

Sakshi got furious and said ” Trust on me. I am not spoiling your image in the society. How can you think about it?From where have you received these pics? You have seen a birth-mark on the back of the girl in these pics, and you know that I have no birth-mark. You can easily trust without understanding between the right and wrong. You can ask about my character in the college.”

Her parents believed on her and asked ” But what can we do?”

Sakshi replied ” My cousin Meena’s parents are policemen and we must investigate the case with the help of police. No need to worry about it. If we couldn’t take any action today, my image can be spoiled in the college.”

Her parents talked to their relatives ( policemen) and they began to investigate the case. During the investigation of the case, police found that Amit had sent the pics by courier and Amit was arrested by the police.

Amit’s father was a businessman and he tried to resolve the matter by saying ” I am realising my child’s fault but you should protect your daughter from bad publicity in the society.”

Sakshi’s parents replied ” Our daughter is suffering because of your son. You don’t have any daughter, so you can’t understand her condition in the society. Girl’s life can be spoiled because of your thinking. Parents of girls mislead and punish their daughters, without any fault. We will have to stop it” and then Amit got arrested by the police.

–END–

