Social Short Story – DEVDASI

Photo credit: 

 from 

‘Devdasi’ is a tradition that has been died out years ago but because of some anti-social elements of society, this tradition is still alive in some parts of the country. Under this tradition,if a girl have two mole mark under his head or Left-arm elbow, then she is married to God.

Sarika was a 22-year-old girl, Whose family was very poor. She lived with her mother and younger brother. 10 years ago, her father had died. For living,both mother and daughter used to work in people’s houses.

One day ,when sarika’s mother was making hair of sarika then she saw two mole mark down her head. Sarika’s mother was terrified to see it. She went to the village’s largest temple’s priest and told him everything.

“It is a matter of great happiness. Now she will be married to God and she will be serve to this temple. This good work  will be done the day after tomorrow.”Said the priest.

Sarika’s mother was going to home. Her silence was telling everything.

Seeing her mother silent,  Sarika said “Mom,what  happened?”

Sarika’s mother was still silent.

Sarah asked again “Tell Mama, what happened?”

“You have to be Devdasi” Sarika’s mother said.

“But why ?” Sarika asked.

“This is the will of God, He chose you for this job. I am going to the market. The day after tomorrow is your wedding.” Sarika’s mother said.

The whole village has gathered on the wedding day. Including the village’s Sarpunch and the other big guys. All were happy. Sarika was not happy . Her sorrow, her pain was not visible to anyone. The next day of wedding, Sarpunch ji and priest went to the Sarika’s house  and said to Sarika’s mother “Now sarika has to come with us. Her new house is temple”.

Sarika cried, screamed. But nobody listened to her. Her brother was crying in the corner of house. He wanted to stop her sister but he was helpless.

At the temple,Sarika was welcomed in the royal manner. Sarika was scared. She was afraid.

At night, Sarika was moved to the room behind the temple where sarpunch ji and priest were already seated.

“Why i have been brought here?” Sarika asked  nervously.

“Your marriage has  happened with god and we are his devotees. So we have complete right on you” the priest said with unfazed.

“The first right on this girl is mine” sarpunch ji said in awesome voice.

“Yes boss, you have the first right” Priest said.

The priest came out from the room. In the eyes of Sarpanch, lust was reflected. He wanted the enjoyment of her body. Sarika Cried and shouted for help but nobody came. However, her brother came but priest banished him. After some time, Sarpunch came out with devilish smile And ordered the priest to go inside. The priest did not pity on her misery and he did same what sarpunch did.

“Now what to do with this girl? Should i talk to mumbai’s broker?” Said priest.

“No !! Not yet. Not so fast. Otherwise villagers will be suspicious.” Said the sarpunch.

Sarika’s brother repeatedly came to meet his sister but everytime he was banished. He felt that something is not right so he went to  the poilce station but no one listened him there. Outside the police station, a journalist listened to him and assured to support him.

His name was Devesh. Devesh inspected the village for some days and mobilized some important facts.

 

AFTER TWO WEEKS

“Now this is the right time. Call the Mumbai’s broker and tell him that this time the deal will be in 1 lac ” Said the Sarpunch.

“Ok boss” Said the priest.

After 10 minutes, the priest said “Boss !! I talked to him. They will come today at 7 pm.”

But at 6 pm, Devesh gathered all villagers at one place and said ” Villagers!! You all know that Devadasi tradition is still exist here. Did you know that over the years ago the tradition has already declared illegal by our Indian government ?”

Devesh just said that and priest came.

“Stop the leadership. You can not provoke the innocent people of village. You do not have any right to speak against customs and manner. These rituals are designed for the good of society and anyone cannot violate the rules .We shall not spare him.” Priest said angrily.

“Yes..!! We shall not spare him” all villagers said.

“Okay.. Is there any rule of equality in your village?” Devesh asked to the priest.

“Yes..!! Everyone have the same right.” Said the priest.

“If that is the case, then there is  one more  girl in the village who should be a Devdasi.” Devesh said.

Priest and Sarpunch nodded their heads.

All of a sudden, Sarpunch’s girl came. After seeing  that Sarpunch and all villagers were surprised.

“Yes villagers. This is the girl. She have two mole mark below her head.” Devesh said

After hearing this, Sarpunch was troubled.

“No. No. Do not do this. She’s my daughter.” Sarpunch said.

“Sarika is also someone’s daughter ,someone’s sister. Have you thought about her? So now why this discrimination?” Devesh said.

Sarpunch was silent. he didn’t say anything.

All the villagers were surprised. Everyone wanted to know the reason of silence of Sarpunch.

“I know what are you thinking. You think that your daughters are serving in temples. But in reality they have become puppet of people like sarpunch and the priest. First they rape your daughters and then sell them for some profit. Do you know why this happens? This happens because all of you turned off your eyes.

In ancient time, kings began the Devdasi tradition for serving the temples. But today, people like Sarpunch and priest made it way to fulfill their lust.” Devesh said.

” Please forgive me . I feel guilty for all. I will bring Sarika now” Sarpunch said.

Sarika come. She met her mother and brother and cried. She thanked devesh.

“Traditions has been made for our progress. And those tradition who take us to  the path of destruction should be destroyed. Always remember this” Devesh said.

__END__

