Mom:  Falak, you have to study well. You are five years old now.

Falak: Okay mamma.

Falak: Mom, can I go to play?

Mom: Don’t spend your time playing with those useless children. Also, there are so many kidnap cases in the town.

Falak: Okay mom

Falak:  Mom shall I join a drawing class?

Mom: There is no time for you to go to hobby classes. You have to study. The syllabus is vast. You are in seventh standard now.

Falak: Dad, could you play a board game with me?

Dad: I don’t have time now. After office work, I am feeling drained. May be later.

Falak: Mom, may I eat an ice-cream?

Mom: Ice- creams are not good for health.

Falak: Mom, please prepare some pooris for me..

Mom: Sorry. I had too much work in office today. I am feeling drained. Please adjust with Rice.

Falak: Dad, I have to go to my friend’s birthday party.

Dad: Why waste money on clothes, gifts and parties? You are in ninth standard now. You should concentrate on your studies.

Falak: Mom, can I study with my friends?

Mom: No. You won’t be able to study with your friends. You may end up chatting with them.

Falak is battling depression and is crying silently.

Dad: Falak, how many marks did you secure? You have secured very low marks. You have scored an overall B grade. You are not good enough in your studies.

Falak:  Mom, I need a little entertainment.

Mom: But you have your board exams. You are in tenth standard now.  You can’t waste your time like this. You should acquire a seat in the Science stream. Or else how can we face the society? You have to become a doctor at any cost.

Falak: Dad, I am not able to understand the subject.

You can join coaching classes.

Falak: Dad, still I am not able to understand Physics. Science is very difficult.

Dad: I have spent a lot of money for your tuitions and now you are saying you can’t do this. Should I commit suicide?

Falak: But dad, I am studying till midnight 2.00 o clock and I am sleep deprived. I feel sleepy in the classroom.

Dad: You are an idiot. You need to get up early and study.

Next day morning Falak has hung him self. He has mentioned in the suicide note that his midterm results are out and he has failed in all the subjects.  He is not able to face the parents and this is the reason he is committing suicide. There was no one to show him empathy and understand his problems. His life was dark.

So what was missing in Falak’s life?

Children need a balance between fun and work. Parents and teachers should make an effort to understand the child’s abilities and passions. They should help the child and not burden him. For students, suicide is not the answer. Planning, communicating and counselling will help you.

A student commits suicide every hour in India due to peer pressure, burden and depression.

–END–

