A child once asked the unmoved eternal yogi :

 “where do we come from ?

 why are we here?

 where do we go when we die?”

The yogi answered :

 “we are living an undeciphered life

 within an encrypted existence ”

Is life merely about human created institutions – society,economics,politics,culture etc.

 When everyone is busy living life as it is- working,praying,loving,thinking about yesterdays, today and tomorrow.

 When everyone is seeking a reason to live, eternal yogi-the unmoved seeks to decode the intrinsic meaning of existence itself beyond time and space.

He have drawn lines

 Both of conflicting and overlapping Which unto this time has remained uncrystallized

 For whenever he start walking

 He often willingly left his brains behind to ponder upon another orientation of the same idea

 He don’t want to stick around one single perspective of life and its constitution

 when life’s giving him a paramount infinity to think about

 for he is simply aware of the fact that there’s always something deeper than the deepest

 so he remained

 not stuck

 but unmoved at his origin

 sitting on the very sourch dot from where those blurry lines were born.

 sometimes he would stop doodling

 and let the fog cover the roads

 until his ways turned milky white…

 Blinded by the horizon

 He would reorient and look vertical

 upwards

 And watched the celestial episode of the wintery nights…the milky way…. and he would wonder just like the child engulfed in the same desperate unaddressed question:

“where do we come from ?

 why are we here?

 where do we go when we die?”

Timeless yet timebound , the eternal one was unsatisfied with his unsuccessful quest…instead the wonder child grew up to be a scientist and explained to him how humans came to be derived from interstellar supernova remnants and that we are made of the same energy and mass that made up the universe … the unmoved was moved … he at once looked up to the sky and shouted with immense joy :

 “we came from the sky.. we are here because of some stars explosion…when we die, we will return back to our original dimension of energy”

suddenly the stars, the wind, the moon , the entire universe whispers in harmony:

“where do we come from ?

 why are we here?

 where do we go when we die?”

and the yogi wondered unmoved…

–END–

