The God spake thus .

 Before millenniums , when the earth was fresh and young but had become habitable , the land was undivided , so was the ocean. There were lot of jungles and variety of insects, birds and animals . The mankind was also young and so , clueless as to the happenings around . They all behaved and interacted in whatever way they liked.

 Suddenly, there started big thunders , lightenings, quakes and floods . All species were afraid .

 They all huddled in a place which all thought was the safest.

 ‘ What’s this ? ‘ they all cried and wailed .

 ‘ This is nothing but a doomsday . ‘ a loud voice came from nowhere .

 All were astonished. Some felt relief too. Atleast someone was there to listen to them.

 ‘ Who are you ? ‘ they asked with an awe .

 ‘ I am God , the creature of all of you . ‘

 All wondered . ‘ God ? ! What God ?! ‘

 ‘ We don’t believe you . You are nobody .’ some shouted back .

 But their voice was lost amongst the bigger shouts . They tended to believe the voice. ‘ You created us and now why you want to destroy us ? Why ? ‘ They were agitated.

 ‘ I created all the varieties among all of you species . But you human beings are engaged in destroying each other and all other species . ‘ God was calm and cool.

 By then all the thunders, lightenings , quakes and floods had subsided .

 ‘ We all believe you , God ! ‘ the bigger shouts were prevailing. ‘ But we don’t have any guide, any road – map , how to live, how to behave , how to interact . Where and how we went wrong ? ‘

 There was silence for few moments .

 ‘ You , particularly the human beings , all were indulging in sins instead of loving each other . ‘

 ‘ Dear God ! ‘ the voices were almost praying . The non – believers were just silent . ‘ What sins God ? ‘

 God replied , ‘ There are seven sins , you are involved in one or the other way . Some commits one , some commits more . ‘

 ‘ God , please list them for us, so that we can refrain from them .’

 Listen carefully my beloved children . I love you all despite what you have been doing . Listen carefully , the sins are 1. jealousy, 2. anger, 3. sloth, 4. gluttony, 5. greed , 6. pride , and 7. lust. ‘

 ‘ Oh God !’ all sighed.

 ‘ So ? ‘

 Once more silence .

 This time only the most wise and most experienced spoke , ‘ God , you are right . We shall try to keep away from all these sins but God, we are all vulnerable . We shall falter , but we will reach there ultimately . We promise. ‘

 God was thinking .

 After few moments , the wise spoke again, but God give us time , give us guides – the torch bearers . ‘

 ‘ Okey . I am granting you some millenniums and intermittently, I shall be sending some messengers too , to show you the right path . Follow , whomever you feel like . But , at the end , be pure , be lovely and be sinless . ‘

 ‘ Oh , God ! You are great , loving and merciful ! ‘

 ‘ Do remember your promise . And you humans, have to take care of all the species and environment too. ‘

 ‘ Sure God ! ‘

 ‘ So be happy ! Make all others happy too ! ‘

 And the divine voice merged with the universe , saying , ‘ I am always with all of you.’

 ‘ Was that miracle ? Real ? ‘ All were asking each other .

–END–

