Short Story Social – KFC!!

Sometime we all want to spend time with someone whom we can be comfortable with, someone who is true to us, who knows us better than any other person in whole world . And that’s none other than –  Our self.

Yes, no matter how much you party late night, go out for long drives, visit exotic places once in year, but at the end we all find ourselves alone and disconnected from reality.

Make sure to meet yourself at once daily for 10 minutes  and make each second counts.

Due to this habit, I always finds 10-15 minutes to visit nearby KFC shop , where I order my favorite ‘Crispy Chicken’. I visit that place daily and now the owner knows me really well. I sit on a corner most table, place my mobile on it , take out my notepad and pen down everyday summary , make a  ‘To-do’ list , close my eyes for 2 minutes and then start eating the order placed.

Mean time when I do all the above things, a KFC employee who clean the tables come to me, clean the table, place a water packet , put the napkins and go.

This happens daily. And every day I observe that lady , After cleaning my table she goes back to Kitchen side , where all other staff works. She slowly pop out her head from the curtain and see us eating all those crispy stuff.

One day , I stretched for few hours in KFC,  I wanted to follow her till her home. I was waiting her shift to get over so that I can silently follow her . I put this task in my yesterday ‘To-Do’ list :-)

I did exactly same. After walking almost 3 KM towards a slum area, I could see her getting in a small house . She carried a bag everyday , in which her original clothes and other stuff would be present , because in KFC and  other places they should wear uniform . There was a window , I peeped through it and found that she had 2 kids and a dog . Her house was very small and I think hardly she was paid around 5000. She took out Ketchup sachets and bones from a cover in her bag. She cooked some rice , serves in plates to her children , and open the ketchup and gave them.

On other side, she put all the bones to the plate and gave to dog. I understood the whole scenario , she was poor enough , that she can’t afford anything and bring back home whatever is left from customers in KFC in her bag.

My eyes filled with tears, we don’t know how many of them are there in our locality , who sweeps the floor of big showrooms , clean our plates , clean our tables and paid very less and had the desire to at least eat what we just do for sake of small treat and party.

For them having the plate of ‘Crispy Chicken ‘ is distant dream.

From then I decided to leave 20 rupee for her everyday I visit KFC to have my favorite order.

–END–

