Social Short Story – The Great Data Recovery

Photo credit: 

 from 

I solemnly swear not to connect my phone to the office PC ever again!

I have had a thousand heart aches in just one day.

Yesterday one of my school friend requested me to e mail her one of her pic which I had clicked on my poor phone when we had met weeks ago at poptates andheri. I told her I’ll mail next day i.e. today. Today morning when I reached office I connected my phone to the computer at office to copy paste that 1 photo and suddenly realized its taking a lot of time copying so checked and discovered that my entire folder of IMAGES was getting copied. I interrupted the copying process and due as I don’t like storing personal stuff in the office computers I deleted it immediately from the recycle bin as well.

After doing some other copy pasting I realized that I just had 2 sub folders in my image folder on the memory card. 1st heart attack. All my pics are gone. Within less then a second I realized that I had deleted all the recyle bin 2 attack – I don’t have any back up. God I was about to burst into tears.

Even right now while writing all this down my heart is feeling the same pain that it felt the whole day. Being working in the online marketing field we have a bad habit of googling for any and everything in this world. In fact my most commonly used phrase has become “google it” as my ex boss used to say that now its got on my vocab as well. So I practiced what I preached and googled “how to retrieve files deleted from recycle bin” and got a couple of sites and blogs so I found out that it is possible to get my data back but I was sure it wasn’t coming easy and quick. But I tried doing it on my own.

There’s a general saying when you are in a hurry you get all the more late. I had already received a msg from my collegue that I had to complete a task as soon as possible and this happened to me. A simple procedure of copy pasting 1 pic landed up eating half my day. I couldn’t concentrate on my work as I was on the verge of loosing almost memories worth 4 yrs and I had to finish of this task asap. Irony of life when your heart says something different and your brain something different.

I downloaded a software and found all the data but after selecting around 700pics manually when I tried to re-save it on my PC it asked me for my credit card details. So had to chuck that site. Yet I even tried searching how much it would cost but cudnt find that information. My heart was sinking deeper and deeper.

I was cursing everything in this world even my new top that i wore seemed jinxed.

I finally told the IT support team member about all of it. Luckily he was a friend and he tried assured me it would be retrieved. He asked for my memory card. I am a little possessive person in terms of my details but with a little hesitation I gave him my card. He tried what best he could to help me. It took him 2 hours, ofcourse he had other task in hand.

Later he said that the data is more then what I was assuming so that meant I would have to select 700pics manually to restore. Which was not possible considering the fact that one of the partners of my office used to sit behind him. Another heart attack. In the meanwhile I tried some other software too to get my pics from my end. So I asked my friend to come to my computer and check. He came after another half hour.

I had not ate my lunch till 2.30 and had decided I wont till I don’t get my pics back. Once my friend came he tried getting the “activation pin” for the software that I had downloaded but cudnt find any till another 15 minutes. Again an attack. I told him to sit on the system and try his best while I started my work on my partners PC. After some another hour my friend finally got the solution and he got all my pictures restored on my computer.

Aaaaaahhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!! relief finally!!!

At around 4 pm I got my pictures back and trust me, my head is bursting and heart is still feeling the pain.

The good news is that I got my pics back. The sad part is I don’t know if all of them are back.

Never the less am still in a better position to get back to work.

Thanx to all the Tech freaks who at all invented all the recovery procedures and softwares. I may never like the hardwares and software codes but am still gratefull to all of them.

__END__

