SIMPLE STORIES-3

Photo credit: 

 from 

Abasement is a decent and customary mental attitude in the presence of wealth or power. It is peculiarly appropriate in an employee when addressing an employer.

“I am abased when you are feeling abasement while praising your employer Pramod Mishra.”

 Jayadev’s wife told with bitter feeling.

“Why are you abased honey? He is my employer and he gave me ten increments in five years, you know that!” Jayadev said with satisfaction.

“You are a fool! The credit should go to your wife who had met him in his personal room twenty times for your promotions in these five years. You are poor in realizing the truth! Why don’t I feel abased?” Jayadev’s wife pointed base of her abasement.

 

“Do you know who is an immigrant?” One friend asked the other.

“A person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country is called immigrant.” Second friend said.

“No. An unenlightened person who thinks one country is better than another is called immigrant.” First friend corrected.

“How do you say that? I can’t understand your idea.” Second one retorted.

“Very simple, if he does not think that the foreign country he is coming to live is better than his own country which he leaves, he will not be an immigrant.” First one explained.

 

If someone is inexpedient, not practical, imprudent or unadvisable, he is called the immoral. Whatever in the long run and with regard to the greater number of instances men find to be generally inexpedient comes to be considered as wrong, wicked, immoral or not practical.

People think that a man is immoral. He was earning a lot. He became rich and richer. Nobody called him immoral for he is rich and nobody wants to buy his anger. He is supreme. He is omnipotent.

One day a function of morality awards distribution is going on and this rich man is the president of this function. People are not happy for this, but nobody has a voice against this arrangement.

A girl of 20 getting a morality award for her memorable moral deeds in the society is on the stage and she said that she will not accept the award from the president on the dais who is immoral all his life and did not helped any one in his life.

“How do you say that I am immoral?” President on the dais asked the girl.

“You have earned enormously by sucking the blood of poor. So people think that you are immoral.” The girl said with great anger.

“You are wrong. I have invested all my earnings for the social services.” President said.

“Nowhere your name is flashed.” The girl said with the same disgust.

“You know immorality as explained by your teachers. I spent all my life and money for the society. I had put a condition whenever I helped for the society that nowhere my name is flashed. When you want to help people, help them with no hope of getting fame in return. If not social service also is immoral. I have made it as a condition to avoid immorality and you now call me immoral.” President on the dais said.

What president said is known to many social service organizations and some are present in the function who confirmed what president said is right. The girl apologized and received her award from the hands of him saying it is an honor for her.

“All that we see is not always true. People may be immoral, but not all whom we think as immoral.” The girl said with great deduction.

 

“What an ambition is? It is an overmastering desire to be vilified or spoken in an abusively disparaging manner by enemies while living and made ridiculous by friends when dead. “

 Siva said with cool voice.

“Don’t say like that. Let enemies speak in the way they like or let them vilify. If friends and you too make me ridiculous after I die, I don’t care. But strongly believe that ambition makes people lofty and ideal. It helps people grow as per their goals.” Ram said in a soft voice.

“I see. May I know, what is your ambition?”

“I want to see that the people in the society have no monitory problems. Everyone in the society should become rich and they need not be ashamed of doing wrong things for the greed of money.”

“Great! When your ambition will be fruitful?”

“I don’t bother. Let me do my venture started from my family. I will make all the members in my family are rich. Everybody should do this for families, then families make the society rich.”

“Great! Start “Rich Men Club of Poor” and make your ambition fully exposed in every member of the club. Before that, tell me how I can be rich soon to make the society rich.”

“I don’t know exactly. I will make contacts with the rich men in society to know and spread the tricks of becoming rich overnight.”

“Wow!!! Your ambition is great in the ambitions in the society. May God Bless You!”

Let us hope and wait to see when we will be the members of this ALL RICH SOCIETY!!!

 

“She is in great distress and I have decided to do a small favor to her.” The son said with father.

“I like that. You are changed. What is the favor that you want to do her who is in great distress?” Father asked the son with affection.

“An advice dad, advices will give life to some and give hope to others.” Son said.

“Very well said my son, I love you. Tell me how your advice helped her.” Father asked with interest in son’s deeds.

“I came to know that she is cheated by a man who promised her to marry, but he left her with an unborn child in her womb. I was angry on that man who cheated her and I have advised her to marry me and as she accepted my advice, I have married her in the church today evening. She is in my car outside.” The son said with a great spirit.

The father is like a balloon pinned all of a sudden and the air is out bursting the balloon.

“You fool! Don’t you feel ashamed to give an advice to her and accept her who is carrying a child of somebody else?”Father asked with a bag of anger.

“Dad,The somebody else who cheated her is none, but me. So I used the good advice in very good time! Advices are to be used in time by people like me to elevate the social status! We should not speak facts!”

__END__

