Social Story – LIMITED

Photo credit: 

 from 

They are friends. They are born in a village. They are educated in foreign countries. They came back to their village. One is Sridhar and the other is Dev.

“I don’t like to live in USA”

“Why don’t you my son?”

“There is everything that any person wishes to earn and earn more. Money is what makes people attracted to the foreign countries.”

“You are right. It is money what makes you to run to foreign countries.”

“Dad, don’t you know that it is the money earned illegally in our country is in the banks of foreign countries that is branded as Black Money. Who is getting benefited by this money?”

“Obviously, it is the owner who deposited that money there. He can go any time to that country and get the use of that money. He can be a great business man there with that money.”

“No dad, he never goes there. He lives here. His family lives here. Even after generations also, the money will be there as his secret power (as the owner dreams) in some foreign bank. The real use is for the people in that country. They give it to the people there to develop and only some little interest will be added to the deposit.”

“So what?… It is money and it is power. It is always there as the power in the hands of the depositor . Let it be called as the Black or white, power is always power.”

“I accept that this is power. But this real power is in the foreign hands dad. If I work in foreign country, again it is the man power of our country working for other country. That is what I don’t like.”

“Then what is the use of your education? You are PG in foreign university.”

“I know dad, how to use my talents for my country. Let me do something here.”

“Here? You are in a small village. How you make use of your talents here?”

“I am born in this village. I have no problem in living in this village. Forgive me for my decision and let me do something here, dad.”

Father looked at the son. He did not answer. It means, he is not going interfere in son’s activities.

Father is a landlord by name Naidu. Son is from USA and he is by name Sridhar. He is seriously thinking that what he can do to the people of his country.  He is interested after earning limitlesly, if not he will not come back to India.

 ***

Dev is not serious about future. He has a huge property and he needs nothing for living peacefully.

Dev is a doctor and he did his MD in USA and he is a best cardiologist. He worked in USA for some time and he came back to India. He is in his small village.

“I am born here. I am the best cardiologist now. But my services are being used by the people of other country. I am not useful to my village. I am not happy, even if I go to some big city and work there. I wish I can help my people here in my village and around.”

Dev was emotional and his father Raj was smiling. He liked that his son is thinking about the place where he is born and he has love for his birth place.

“So, you have decided to stop working in USA or any big city in India?”

“Yes dad, I want to do something for the people in this village and around this village.”

“Nice. Start a hospital here.”

“I am thinking the same thing dad.”

“It’s very nice idea. Our property is not enough to build a big hospital. Yet do something. Go on starting a hospital and I see if funding is coming from friends circle. You can use your friends as investors for your project.”

“I have started this already. Some of my Indian friends in USA love to invest for the hospital If I decide to build it here in my village.”

***

Maheswari  is university first and gold medalist. She is in a famous hospital in Hyderabad. When Dev has asked her to come and join his hospital, she wanted to see this hospital which is doing  very well and its importance is just being in a small village in the state.

She came to the hospital and as she is coming out of her imported car, she saw a doctor coming on a bicycle to the hospital. He is the managing director of the hospital. He is Dev. She wondered at this. After the casual meeting, she has been promised to offer a very good salary which may be just par to something like anything earned in a foreign country.

The hospital is becoming very famous and many people from even neighbor countries are also coming as the medical services available here are the best. It is a very famous hospital for both rich and poor.

Maheswari joined the hospital and she contributed a huge amount of her savings as the investment for the hospital.

Dev and Maheswari are the main pillars for the development of the hospital and here the medical services to public, mostly for the poor people are available. “Grameen Hospital” is the name of this hospital. Villagers are top priority patients here. But the medical service are available as above the normal. So villagers felt that this hospital is great. Others felt that the expenses here are very low.

The state government and central government recognized the services here as the best and the taxes are removed from the medical bills here. This one is also a great relief for the patients here.

***

Sridhar is a business man. He started many industries with the help of the funds invested from his Indian friends in foreign countries. They are confident of the good returns and Sridhar’s able and devoted management capabilities helped to grow well.

The village of Shivpur is now big business place. It is popular with the industries and also world class hospital.

***

“Money is real  power. You are wasting your power.”

The minister is looking at Dev and Sridhar. They looked at the minister.

“Money is power for powerless. Real power is aspiration.”Dev said.

“What do you get for your great services in a village?”

“Village is the basic place where we are born.We want to show that we are for our village.”

 Sridhar said.

“We will get money from our services in foreign countries.” Dev said.

“Our services are not limited.” Sridhar said.

“The power of money can not be limited?” minister asked.

“Yes. Money power is limited sir. Our money in other countries is not our real power. It is the power of that country.” Sridhar said.

“We are using our power and our money for our country.” Dev said.

“Now our money is not limited power.” Sridhar said.

“How?” minister asked with a lot of wonder.

“If our money is idle, either it is in foreign Banks while we are working there or in our country’s Banks while we are working in our country, it is just a limited power for any future needs.” Dev said.

“Many people keep their money in foreign Banks. It is then used as the power of those countries. Our money is our power and we have to keep our money as more useful to our people. So our money is not limited power. “Sridhar said.

 _END_

