Social Short Story – I LIKE ROBERT FROST

Photo credit: 

 from 

(1) I like Robert Frost. One wishes that the world’s poets changed their old writing habits —–writing old world tales of ancient kings,ancient empires ,ancient castles etc.

One wishes they stop too the habit  of always  getting drowned  in the tales of not so ancient world of 15th,16th,17th,18th, 19th centuries AD and even part-twentieth century.

We have been kicked into a one-planet,one -world culture — a culture of entire human race –a culture above race and color and country . It is a new 01010101 digital world ,a world of jet planes,dazzling cars , zipping metro trains ,laptops,palmtops and Net friendships with  2nd,3rd,4th generation phones.

(2) The age of flowery poetry of knights and fairies is quite over .(But I may be wrong. 90% folks of this planet still want stories of kings and queens,knights ,beautiful fairies ,castles and forts and of unlettered farmers living in thatched huts etc).I never stop wondering ,why even after Newton, Einstein,Bohr and Maxwell , still the quantum of superstition in the world remains constant !

(3) One wishes there are a thousand Robert Frosts making  writings full of most modern worlds of beautiful abstract ideas that would be enjoyed by people of 21st,22nd,23rd centuries. Let the poets use words like electrons and positrons and such things also as dramatis personae and also tell of such things as proto-planets and exoplanets ,modems and networking protocols. Modern words clothing old beautiful ideas and old words clothing most modern concepts–all abstract and beautiful to read. Such are the works of Robert Frost —-every line full with nice abstract modern yet highly moral imagery.

(4) We really want a “New poetry ” with beautiful modern ideas (like delicate flowers) leading to a new world as perfect as that  propounded by all the ancient saints and ancient beautiful gods of all cultures—a world full of 100%morality,100%truth ,100% love,100% kindness and 100% holiness . Then only we can dream of a new golden earth devoid of hatred ,inequality and exploitation.

(5) The mighty Valmiki and Kalidasa of yore and Viswakavi Tagore of our times created images of solid gold from words. Valmiki and Kalidasa created images of the indescribably beautiful gods . Tagore created images of gods and goddesses, hermits, holy other worldly wandering bards, princes ,princesses and blushing sweet village bellies. With mere words the Greek poets too created beautiful gods, Shakespeare created fairies and angels living in magic lands and Wordsworth created a whole rural world with beautiful Nature as the central god . But the poetry of Robert frost creates images like clouds of gold dust in  beautiful geometric shapes with beautiful living shapes and living scenes appearing and disappearing .Such abstract art is liked by many  in the modern world in the modern planetary society . His imagery is so non-contaminating and non-corrupting and so moral .At every step great Nature descriptions as in revered Wordsworth.He too like Wordsworth has understood the power of Nature.

Let there be a thousand Robert Frosts. Let immorality be banished from earth.

–END–

