Social Short Story – A Town called Blue Ville

Photo credit: 

 from 

Imagine if there was a place in upstate New York called Blue Ville. You may think for just a second why is the town called this? Well, it is because all the homes and buildings are blue.

A person named Jenny Blue thought it would be cool to have a town that was different from any other place in the world. She wanted it to be something like DisneyLand. She wanted to be a family friendly and to be somewhere that people would like living in.

Blue Ville is a small town with a population of four hundred people living there. The people there are all friendly.

When you come into the town of Blue Ville you will notice a black billboard in bright blue letters

“Welcome to Blue Ville.”

It also has a pictue of a family looking happy. As you continue into the town the first thing you will notice is the apartment building called “Blue Apartments”. There are about  hundred and two residents who live there.

What is great is that there’s a small bus that brings you to the main town of Blue Ville free of charge. It is only a couple of miles away.

When you travel further into Blue Ville you will notice the Blue Ville Community residence. There are thirty two houses which are built differently so you are able to tell them about. There is a building in the back which has a inside heated pool. The residents enjoy it a lot. What they really enjoy most is that there’s a fun room which has activities for all ages to do. Also, there is daycare available.

On the third floor there is a kitchen area with a chef who is available from the morning to the night. The best thing is that they will bring the food to you. There is also a playground outside which has ten swings, four slides. The main part of Blue Ville has a bakery which is called “Sweet Treats and Goodies”.  The best thing is that everything is homemade by two bakers whose names are Cynthia and Julie.

There best treat that everyone enjoys is the Cookie Dough Ice Cream Cake. They put an secret ingredient in that makes it taste so good.  People will wait in line just to get a slice of it, no matter how long it takes to get it. There’s the Blue Mall which has a supermarket, movie theater, a store that has everything you need to fix your home, a couple of clothes stores, a inside water park; a food court, and a animal store.

If you continue downtown there is an amusement park that has ten rollercoasters, two swing rides, a mirror maze, a pirate swing, bumper cars, four haunted house rides;  three parchute rides, a motor boat ride, three carousels, an separate kiddy area, a feeding farm with animals, and the food and games concession area. A little further down from the amusement park is the “Blue Heart Hotel”.  There are twenty two floors for guests, two pools, an fun room area, a four star restaurant, a daycare, and a movie theater.

There is a also “Blue Ranch” which offers horse riding lessons. It has a cafeteria which serves everything fresh. Also, there is a trail to go riding and for walking as well.

Oh, I almost forgot to mention that there is an aquarium which has sharks, starfish, sealions, dolphins, and other seawater creatures to see. A restaurant and  gift shop are there as well.

Blue Ville is a place full of fun. It is a family friendly town. Everyone there will make you feel welcome.

__END__

