Social Short Story – Painful Ambition

It was one fine day, early morning the sun rise with its own beauty in the mid of two moutains, birds started from their home to see the beauty of the world with help of sun holding the torch for their travel , the mountain is surrounded by small and very remote, old village with lots of huts seen here and there with ponds and grass and wheat farms.

People started their daily activities, few people started moving to their farm work and few people chatting at the near by small tea-shops, women’s started walking towards the pond to carry water for drinking and other activities.

From the physique of  most of the people in the village, we could realize that , poverty is ruling the entire village, it seems there may be a poverty war between few men’s body and dress, as it seems most of the time men had won all the times as all the shirts and sarees are torn and sometimes no shirts. Guess god has created a new planet (this village) and named poverty!!!

Slowly sun started doing its natural work and it was around 9 AM, slowly a small ambulance enter the village with the moderate speed, as roads are not proper, slowly the ambulance reaches and stops near the very old hut  at the big banyan tree, at the center of the village. The hut was named as ” Health Center & Activities” but no activities are carried on that hut, except goat sleeping, cow and its dung near to the hut.

People in the village as usual carry on their daily activities, as they know that it was the usual van which gives a small white color tablets(medicine) for all types of disease they suffer. Few people were waiting at the “Health Center” to get the tablets for their fever, diarrhea, head ache etc………..

When the door opens , slowly all the people attention were moved towards the van and  all faces were glowing like 100 W bulb, a huge brightness surrounds the village, all people were running towards the van with joyful tears in the eyes and some people crying and shouting aloud with name

“PANDIIIIIIIII”

Everybody shouting “Pandi”, my dear “Pandi” with full of happiness with tears filled in the eyes slowly the man with the white coat with polished shoes with “Stethoscope”  on his overcoat,  He is “Pandi”, Pandi , MBBS.,. a  25 years old Guy .His eye’s are filled with tears and the eyes are rotating the entire villagers.

His voice are trembling and he could not even speak a single word, slowly Pandi started speaking,

“Dear all i m your Pandi, i have completed my medical college and i am an government authorized doctor to do the service for the people. My “AMBITION” in my blood, soul and entire life is dedicated to this village only and i am going to serve you all the people for the rest of my life , will cure all the disease whatever our people faces, Since i was born and brought up in this village and i have seen the problems and the life of people in the village as how each person struggle in the life for food and for normal life. So many disease have killed many of our people without proper medical treatment.

All those worst situation in our life will be eradicated now. i will serve for our village and make a healthy village. I will try starting to get all the support from our government for good treatments. Its not only my “AMBITION” and it’s our entire village ambition and heartful goal that has brought me to this position.

My Ambition finally has come true because of all your blessings and good heart. Slowly with the help of government will try to construct a Hospital with some minimal and basic facilities to sort out disease and try to save the person from it.It was my happiest moment in my life that my “AMBITION” to became a doctor and serve to our village.”

He is continuously talking to the people…… Slowly the news spread the entire village, all the people are running towards the banyan tree at the center of the village to see “Pandi”.

All the people were happy and showed immense joy after “Pandi’s” Speech. They started chatting towards themselves and shared the joy, a very old person in the village tells that,

“All our sorrows will be resolved and we lead a normal life”.

A women with tears in the eyes tells that ” hereafter we don’t need to run for 15 KM to the town hospital for medical problems” God has give helping hands through “Pandi”…

Slowly….. all the people started talking and started dispersing….. slowly the noise of the people reduced…

cow started to Pee on ”PANDI’s FACE” who is sleeping under the shades of  tree as cow is tied in the tree and “PANDI” is sleeping under the tree near to the cow. Now Pandi wakes up very fastly and looking back and front … left and right…… and he pinched his skin and finally he realized that it was “DREAM” that he had. He “DREAMED himself as a doctor and he is going to help his village and safeguard them service them . He wiped his face with the towel on his shoulder and when he look at the towel, it looks like “STETHOSCOPE” for him. He started crying with loud noise…

Slowly he turns back and started counting the cows which he took them to the outside of the village which is around 5 km for grassing and feeding cows.

Slowly he realized that he is a normal cowboy and not a doctor, with his painful ambition in the dream which made PANDI’s heart heavy and filled with tears. Slowly he walks towards the village, on the way a school bus crosses over the road with some noise from the children in the school uniform dress .

“PANDI” eyes are filled with tears and  the drops falls in the ground, he talks to himself, at least my kid’s ambition should be success and he should do service and safeguard his village……

With tears he leaves from the place towards the village with heavy heart……

