The news in the newspapers screamed in bold letters. “Technology advances to a new level; “Scientists develops new technology of converting the leaves cell into WIFI antennas.”

“Each adult tree is made up of trillions of cells. The cells in the leaves of a tree are where photosynthesis occurs, in special parts of the cell called chloroplasts. Each cell in a tree can contain up to 100 chloroplasts. Inside of a chloroplast, there are pigments that absorb light and we have utilised this nature’s gift by converting them into our WIFI signalling antennae.

Every plant in the market was sold t a cost which one though felt was high but looking at the future found it worth investing. Every citizen who could afford to plant a tree was planting one for they knew how personalised their signal strength could be. Streets were planted with a cherry tree which had the speciality of perfuming the air with its flowers. With birds chirping all along, there was music in the air.

The print media were requested to print lesser or no newspaper and a special incentive were given to them to promote their websites. Packaging industries were told to use alternative product for their packaging instead of the regular cardboard and paper which were a product of the tree.

Hospitals were planted with Eucalyptus Tree for its medicinal quality and fragrance which kept people away from sickness. There were fewer cases of sickness and those who were at the hospital, were recovering from surgery more quickly when their hospital room offered a view of trees.

The quality of air was improving by the filtration of harmful dust and pollutants such as ozone, carbon monoxide, and sulphur dioxide from the air we breathe in. Trees reduce UV-B exposure by about 50 percent, thus providing protection to children on school campuses and playgrounds – where children spend hours outdoors.

Among all the trees it was the empress tree and coconut tree which gained the most popularity. The empress tree, because it was the fastest tree that could reach a height of 40-80 feet giving much better clarity and signal strength. Every building started allocating a huge space and budget for gardening and planting trees. Many important plants were imported which grew faster than the regular ones, like the Hybrid poplar.

Many organizations came forward educating the world in growing more and better trees. The streets started looking much greener and colourful with fruit and flowers of interesting shapes.

The effect was long lasting as the trees reduced the amount of storm water runoff, which reduced erosion and pollution in our waterways and were reducing the effects of flooding.

Far in the jungles, all the animals and birds were rejoicing for they had not seen a single tree be felled in a long time. Birds chirped all the way and were now secured that they could build a home secured enough not to be destroyed again by any human being. Fallen tree leaves reduced the soil temperature and soil moisture loss. Decaying leaves promoted soil microorganism and provided nutrients for tree growth.

The law and order was almost solved as most of us responded to the presence of trees beyond simply observing their beauty. They fell serene, peaceful, restful and tranquil in a grove of trees.

My life looked completely filled with joy and love, until I opened my eyes and realised that it was just a dream. But this dream left me thinking.

–END–

