Social Short Story – The Sea

Photo credit: 

 from 

As I stepped onto the smooth but gritty sand of Altona Beach, I felt the gritty pieces of broken shells as well as the strips of dried seaweed tangling my toes. I glanced out to the emerald sea. It looked so calm and blissful to be floating on top of the gentle and swift waves while watching the clouds drift by. I ran towards the green waters as the tide came closer and it washed all over me. It was such a pleasant feeing after being in the sun for a whole hour playing soccer.

As I watched the tide wash over the sand repeatedly, I immediately remembered my fear of deep water. I was such a coward. Every time I dreamed of floating gently on the water’s surface my fear would never come, but when I was about to float on water in real life, I could never do it. I thought of the water  how cool and refreshing it would feel on my skin, how it would wash away all the sweat and grime and also the beautiful emerald green color it was. Despite my fear, these thoughts made me more afraid than I was before. I turned my head and glanced at the pier, it was so close to the water and I could imagine throwing myself off the edge. The thought frightened me but made me more keen to actually do it.

I ran across the sand until I reached the pier. I walked slowly onto the pier and soon I was at the edge where it had ended. The water no longer looked gentle and blissful but deep and sinister. I gulped and headed a few metres back to the side of the pier where the sun was shining on the water’s surface like a halo. That didn’t look as horrifying. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes…

 

That was enough, I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. Then I threw myself off the pier and into the green sea.

I hit the water with a huge splash, it was so cold that  it made my body go numb. As I glanced down below me, I saw every single detail of coral, seaweed and rock. It was such an amazing sight. There were so many fish swimming around in the water, I blew out bubbles from my mouth as I tasted the salty seawater. I gagged, it was so disgusting. I would rather prefer the tasteless clean tapwater that came out of my shower. But as I looked above me, I noticed how the surface of the water oddly reminded me of being trapped underground with bumpy glass as the ceiling. The sun shone directly above in my eyes, despite the salt burning my eyes, it was a magnificent view. I would have to do this again. I resurfaced the water and paddled towards the sand which was a few metres away from me.

Panting in adrenaline, I clambered onto the sand and savored the heat the sun was giving me. I smiled to myself as I ran towards the sea. After one go at the water, I was no longer frightened of it, in fact I had a feeling I would soon learn to swim. I would always remember this wonderful day which I conquered my fear of water.

__END__

