THE INDIAN CINDRELLA STORY! – Social Short Story

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once there was a girl named Rajjo in a small village in Haryana. She was almost about to turn 18. Her parents were average classed farmers in the village. Rajjo was living her life peacefully. Helping her mother at home and father at the farms.

On the other side of the village was a boy called Shankar who was from a wealthy family in the village, spoiled brat but not bad at heart. His days passed by roaming around with his friends in the farms and fields. Self obsessed getting dressed.

One day rajjo came across shankar on her way to the fields. It was love at 1

 sight for shankar as he had never come across this feelings of wanting to care and protect someone but after seeing her the 1

 feeling that shankar felt was that he wants to protect her till his last breathe. For the self obsessed shankar for the 1

 time he found someone else more better looking than himself. He had decided that moment itself that no matter what he will marry this girl only. Then onwards Shankar started collecting information about rajjo. Gradually Shankar started waiting on the path that Rajjo used to take for her fathers farm. Slowly even she started observing him. Then they started exchanging smiles.

One day while Rajjo was on her way to her father’s farms shankar stopped her in mid way. They both smiled at each other and Shankar just asked her “shadi karegi mujhse” (will you marry me).  Rajjo just smiled and looked down. After a few minutes which were equal to an eternity for both their eyes met. They both had the same sparkle in their eyes. Still smiling she walked away to her farms.

Gradually they started conversing, Rajjo met Shankar at the same place where he proposed her daily and they walked together for 5 minutes on the same path and parted off. Shankar knew soon that they had to run away from the village to live a peaceful life. As their families won’t agree of this union. He spoke to his mom and her reaction told him clearly that his decision was correct. Rajjo did the same and got the same answer. They decided to run away after a week of rajjo turning 18.

At the decided date Rajjo performed her daily chores and left for the farms. So did Shankar and they met at the bus stop outside their village. From there they peacefully left the village never to return back because they knew they would be killed if they returned.

While they were trying to live a peaceful married life in the city of Delhi, back in their village Rajjo’s family was facing miseries of being abandoned by their community and constant threatening by Shankar’s family. Shankar’s father being rich guy had his contact’s in the local police and nobody dared to tell them anything. The police helped him harassing Rajjo’s father instead.

1 phone call to Rajjo’s mom after 3years gave away their location like a Cindrella’s shoe and Rajjo and Shankar suffered the fate worst then all. They got brutally murdered at their home in delhi and their kid was thrown in a garbage bin for the crows to feed on.

That’s the fate of love in India even in the 20

 century. Girls in the cities wish to have a Cindrella story so that the can find their charming prince and in India even after getting their prince charming they get murdered and separated due to religious issues and false prestige of the families. Shame on such a prestige.

At times I feel if only I could get someone who loves me so dearly that I could love him back equally and in reality when these girls did get their prince their lives got over because of some morons. Why do we still prefer war over love when in reality there are so many lonely souls waiting for love to if not shower in their life’s just drizzle a bit.

[INSPIRED BY THE 3

 JUNE EPISODE OF SATYAMEV JAYATE]

__END__

