Social Short Story – When God Starts Crying …

Social Short Story – When God Starts Crying

Being a distinction holder from C.B.S.E board , I was fully confident of getting my dream to be fulfilled of becoming a doctor. Man proposes & God disposes.

It was early morning of the day when Bihar Medical Exam (MDAT) Result was to be announced. When Newspaper vendor appears I just snatched the paper from his hand as I was anxiously waiting for the MDAT result with full optimism. I started searching my roll number but after searching for twenty minutes I had to realize the truth that I failed to get the medical seat once again. My father told me that if I would plan to appear for Medical entrance again , he would not provide me financial help anymore rather I should go for CA exam. My dream to become a doctor since childhood was shattered, battered & tattered. My friend Sandeep got the seat in MDAT exam from SC/ST quota. Everybody was praising him for his hard work . I congratulated him for his success. After a month I received the marksheet from MDAT board and it shows that I got 85 marks out of 120. One thing which really shocked me was the fact revealed to me by Sandeep that he had secured less than 85 marks.

I started preparing for CA exam and pass CA foundation exam but even after sheer hard work  unable to clear the CA final exam. I was feeling the pain of not getting my dream fulfilled. I joined Ruchi group , move to Bhushan Steel & now working with O.P.Jindal Group in Finance department at Delhi. I am staying with my wife & lovely  daughter three year old Sanskriti. I go for office at 7a.m. in the morning & come back to home at 9:30 p.m. in the evening.

In the last month, I saw a pigeon lay two eggs in the bucket of Tulsi Plant . She was taking care of eggs but one day a crow ate away the eggs. I was upset on seeing this act of crow. After some day we saw two eggs were lying in the bucket outside our third floor flat. Pigeon was incubating it day & night & even on rainy day . She tolerated everything for giving life to her young ones. One fine morning we saw two beautiful young birds in that bucket in place of two eggs.

I was relaxed that after all pigeon’s hard work proved to be fruitful. We saw two young birds playing with her mother and she use to feed them. One evening we were discussing about our financial crisis and how it is very difficult to live in a metro city. My wife was really upset that we are unable to purchase gold necklace and Alto car. Suddenly we hear call bell and there was a courier representative who gave PAN card of my wife but he also reveal the fact that he saw a cat carrying a small bird in her mouth. He went away.

We were shocked to see the blood  stains all over the ladder. One  baby bird still fighting for life as blood oozing out of her neck. After few minutes she died. I washed all the floor & ladder and taken the body of that bird to be thrown at proper place. I was feeling extremely tired though I have not done anything that day due to holiday. I was feeling as if all the hard work had been wasted. Mother pigeon was watching all this sitting in the bucket. My wife told me that as she was animal, that’s why she was not feeling that much pain.

I went to  have bath and while praying, tears coming out of my eyes & even after trying hard, I was unable to hold them. All the hard work that I put for Medical & CA exams came to my mind & how my hard was wasted mercilessly. Though my wife & daughter were upset but they were unable to understand the reason of my tears. I  was worried about mother pigeon because I can feel the extreme pain which one have to go through in case hard work go in vain.

Mother pigeon did not left bucket for three days. When a strong smell distracted our attention, we found that pigeon was no more. She died sitting at that place where she left her young birds. I  look towards Photo frame of Maa Durga & it seems as if even God  was crying……..

__END__

By – Monu Bhaiya

