There was this kid whose name was Dani. When he was a small kid he was obsessed with trees and plants . As he grew up he noticed that the pollution was increasing day by day and the trees were cut down in order to make building, hospitals, schools and other public facilities. So he started planting more trees in his garden and where ever he went.

Ultimately after 20 years while he was watching the news he heard the reporter say that “ The oxygen level had dropped by 10%, we will have to plant more trees to regain our oxygen level back to 21% please help us to do so by planting more trees”

After hearing this news Dani quickly rushed to his barnyard and bought all the seeds he had and started counting “1 2 3…” after counting he found out that he had only 158 seeds. So he went to his bedroom took the keys of his car and went to the local store and asked “Have you got some seeds?”

The shopkeeper replied “No sir, but we have got these artificial trees and grass would you like to buy some?”

Dani replied “ No, thankyou but I don’t have time.” And then he went to some other stores but he did not succeeded in getting the seeds. So he went back to his house and started planting the seeds he had after about 2-3 hours he planted all the seeds he had and he took care of them regularly for 5 years. After 5 years all the seeds were now big trees! And they produced fresh air or oxygen.

Day by day the pollution increased and reached to a level that people need to buy oxygen from the stations. Now there were 3 types of stations in the world- 1. Petrol station,2. Diesel station and 3. Oxygen stations. People started suffering from many diseases like asthama because of the increased level of pollution. So when Dani got to know about the oxygen station he also thought of having one but he was more conserned about the people in the world so instead of the selling oxygen he started planting the seeds he got from the fruit and he started donating them to people every where and day by day.

Now he was known as the Airman because he use to donate 50% of the seeds he got from the beared fruits of the trees. So one day he went out and started giving the seeds he had to everyone he saw on his way and when he told the people to plant the trees they got amazed that how he got the seed but then everyone took the seeds and everyone started planting the seeds and after some years Dani started to notice the change in the world .

So one day he went inside his house and switched on the TV and what he heard was mind blowing he heard “ Now we are experiencing the change in the oxygen level of the world its increasing thanks to the people of the world.” After hearing this he was very happy and continued to plant more seeds and after 6-7 years he saw the change and everything came back to normal and now people knew the importance of plants and trees and they kept planting more trees which lead to the origination of new animal and plant species on earth .

Everyone lived happily everafter.

As the trees provide us with many usefull products like fruits,timber,shelter and most importantly Oxygen so we must plant more trees instead of cutting them down!

–END–

