A young girl named Rain, is living with her family. She has two sisters, one elder and one younger. She is so naive and innocent among those sisters. She always sacrifice everything to her sisters. Her sisters are kind too but  they both used to play together, eat together, sleep together, read together. They were so close to each other. Rain is always being the missing part. She never had a chance to tell her family that how much she feels so lonely. No one can understand that how sad she is. Her loneliness started to killing her inside. Her sisters never listened to her.

She had many friends in her school. Even though, she couldn’t find anyone to share her thoughts and feelings. She wants to disappear from the world. She is so disappointed in her life. She hates herself so much. She is too bad for her own good. She can’t tolerate this anymore so she wants to end her life. And she decided to commit suicide. One fine day, she is ready  to end her life by cutting her wrist and then suddenly she heard one voice coming from the attic. She followed the voice.

The voice led her to the end of the attic and their she found a diary of her dead cousin Ann. When she opened the dairy, the voice started to speak clearly.

Rain, I’ve never met such a innocent girl like you. I died of the loneliness. I was such a mess. I was so stupid that i decided to leave this world.  I regret that decision over my life. I was a coward. I was so selfish but this time I’m not gonna let that same thing happen again. Rain, you may be feel so lonely but remember that you don’t need anyone to share anything. Rain is enough for herself. Be bold and be strong. Don’t let anyone to take advantage of your life. I wish you a very all the best and I’ll be always watching you.

After the voice disappeared, she is so confused and scared. She tells herself that it must be a dream and it’s not true. Even though, her inner guts telling her to listen to the voice. So she decided to be bold and strong. And she changed herself into a brave girl. She changed a lot. She doesn’t care that what others think of her. She does everything she wants. She always listened to her heart. She never let her brain take the control over the heart. She still remains kind and sweet but she never shows so. She doesn’t care about her loneliness anymore. She is not the Rain her family knows but she is the Rain created by herself.

She always act like she is different from others. And that difference makes everyone to give a center attention for her. She became famous, intelligent and strong. Her sisters started to envy her. Everything about Rain is so perfect and her parents proud of her. By becoming brave, her school life ends.

Now she entered in a college life. For everyone, the college life has the most memorable days ever. It’s the time for the new life and new hope. All she knows that she never changed herself for anyone. She changed because she wanted to. She never think about others opinion and she don’t give opinion to others.

In Rain’s life, she needed a cousin to motivate her and kindle her to take a positive decision. And luckily she had Ann on her side. But what about you!! Like Ann said, you don’t need anyone to be yourself. No matter what, always listen to your heart and obey your heart. Everyone in this world faces different kind of problems. No one is perfect. You don’t need to prove yourself to anyone. Be strong and that is enough.

–END–

