Sunlight which is life line for our existence , how it change its role as per season. In summer , it change to its extreme: Sunlight in Summer . Are we not a part of this eco-system. We are blaming others for global warming and disturbing the natural cycle. But do we still have humanity. Are we performing well from our side ??- Sunlight in Summer.

This year we started experiencing summer pretty early . It starts getting hotter at 8:30 in morning itself. Though we use to reach office in our AC cabs and day is spent again in AC cabins  but still we have  discussions blaming global warming  for environment damage. Now  going out in sunlight even for short duration is a pain.

This summer is killing.

People have already started getting heat strokes. In office , daily I am getting to know , some one on sick leave because of climate change.

While coming to office this morning , at signal , I saw a women selling nice guavas in a cart. Thought to buy , but stepping in sunlight even for 2 mins , my intentions answered. I waved to her so that she can see and came to my car to sell. In the mean time , signal got green and my driver moved the car.

That day along with other chit chats , I mentioned my guavas incident as well, how I missed fruity guavas.

While returning that evening , I again saw that women with her cart. I became a routine now , saw that women daily with fruits and I am left tampted to buy but heat had been stopping me always to get out if car and be at her cart.

One evening , she came this side of the road, selling guavas and finally I got chance to stop my car . I took guavas and some other fruits from her. She was sweating. I asked her drink some water and be in shade. To which she replied , “Madam , its our job , we are in sun whole day then only is able to sell our stuff”.

I asked how much she make up in a day , if she don’t mind to disclose. She didn’t hesitated and told , when its too hot , she makes around 2000 rupees in a day and other wise its 1000-1200.

I said, oh , so more hotter , is more business for you. She smiled.

I took my bag and left from her stall. As my car moved, I was  still looking at that lady.

Again remembered ” I said, oh, so more hotter, is more business for you ”. We mostly spend our time in Air conditioners and still complaining about the summer. What about this people. They are in sun , all day , making their ends meet and not complaining at all. I asked my driver to stop . Stepped down of car and went towards her cart. Saw she was still selling and smiling .

She smiled at me , seeing me back to her cart. She asked whether I forgot anything. I didn’t replied anything, can’t say I forgot humanity. I just handed over to her my chilled water bottle to drink.

Sunlight which is life line for our existence , how it change its role as per season. In summer , it change to its extreme: Sunlight in Summer. Are we not a part of this eco-system? We are blaming others for global warming and disturbing the natural cycle. But do we still have humanity. Are we performing well from our side ??

From next day , started carrying extra water  bottles while going office ..for my unknown street friends…

–END–

