Social Short Story – The Green Soul

Photo credit: 

 from 

We have extreme concern in case of Human Beings everyday life, my parents used to say, we were the species that tolerate the most of the pain and in turn took nothing from anyone for our want, except the needs that we naturally need. We provide breath and fruit to them. We control the pollution for the humans, and too bear flowers finally for natural ornamentation. Being unsuitable a name, Human Beings, now no longer Humane, cut every green life down. Meanwhile, I will express my short story of my life, shall you learn how much cruelty I endured throughout my life.

One day it was a morning that I had grown above the skyline, I enjoyed the life in a lively natural and green figures all around myself, everyday birds would come out of there nests to screech, chant and beautify all the environment, and our society come forward to disclose their unopened flower buds. I had started obeying the very natural phenomenon, which you know as Photosynthesis. I had a big stem size, and uncountable flowers and leaves, and every greenery I saw, some of them though tiny.

Everything kept on obeying the nature, as in a very sudden, a figure was seen, a human shadow for it looked like walking along stepping on the green runner plants, when it came close, it was a man with bag of woods and an axe hanging from his bruised hands. He came near me and in a sudden, squashed his axe towards and inside my stem, inside the deep soul, which dodged and remained protected, though injured to some extent. I toppled over while at the same the broke from my legs and then on my knees and then it was blackout. I didn’t expect to live another life in a really different form, a different existence.

When I opened eyes, and I was shocked to see my body had cropped into very small. When I turned down I had four legs, I grasped my breath. I couldn’t even see my branches, leaves, roots, fruits and flowers; I did no longer bloom, and couldn’t reproduce. I had been converted into a chair, just there left a dead green soul inside, a soul that turns to be very confused, and asks questions to himself, rather to the superiority, in behalf of all these green souls beings that have been, and continuously are being, brutally chopped off.

Why would Man murder the blooming beauty and advantageous beings all across the world? How could someone not value beings that purify the environment that human beings have themselves polluted, and that has poisoned into man’s life?

Man is ignorant. Man is arrogant, but why don’t You, Almighty Superiority, do something. As we only can pray, we do for the revival of Truth that has long been dead, killed by the Human Beings themselves just to widen facilities.

As I say, we ought to be revived only for we care about Humanity, we, The Green Souls.

__END__

23rd September, 2013

