Short Story Social – A talk with the soul

Photo credit: 

 from 

Deep down my memory lane, when I sit back and sigh and try hard to peep into my soul, I find a darkness wandering around like a vagrant; lost amidst the tenebrous shades of my life. The traces of my shadows make me afraid, afraid to sense their darkness, to unravel my emotions and bring out all my deeds. I feel scared at times to walk through the lonesome road, daunted to go deeper within me as the path remains silent and lonesome all the time.

Taking a few steps back, I question my soul ,”What is the mere existence of mine in this world?” And to the reply I hear nothing but just a deep fading silence. I wait for long in the silence, knocking at those shadows to find an answer to my life, but I hear nothing. Those ghastly things try to break me down and I feel weak.

The darkness pervades and it feels like an eon, everlasting throughout my life. My heart feels heavy to carry those shades alongside itself. And I shed a few tears as I reflect upon my shadows. I keep walking as the zephyrs of my soul flash over my eyes like an eternal darkness. They try harder to break me apart, but I remain still to ravel the truth.

 The well of life appears really deep and dark and it takes a lot of my soul to bury deep into it. And with a lot of time passing by, I reach at its depth. It feels the same as it was in the beginning- dark and silent. I wait along for another while and then all of a sudden when I am up to break, a ray of light flashes along into my eyes.

It ambles all along eliminating the dawn like the rising sun and tints of my past, my memories run all over my mind. I see a white soul standing in front of me, illuminating its powerful aura over the dark vicinity. It walks forth towards me. Its charm epitomizes my life and heals my wounds and it talks with me, entangling my life.

It brings back every bitter moment from the past and at the same time makes me tougher and stronger for the future by condoling me and encouraging me. It shows me light and runs the lost happiness into my veins. It makes me self aware with its sparks.

It flashes the message into my ears like a solely whisper. It says “You might be a darkness, darker than the prevailing, to engulf everything or a light brighter enough to kill the darkness all over.” And then I smile as I get my answers and the white hand draws back into the deep well.

I close my eyes and come back and laugh. The solely talk that I had with my soul just healed me from every misery. And I get up moving into the reality, making better decisions, wiser enough to prevent the same mistakes that I made in the past. And this is the best experience that runs down my memory lane.

–END–

