Social Short Story – I am sorry I cant….

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

It was a rainy day in Delhi. It was drizzling since morning and day was working so the crowd was forced to move out of their places to go for work as well as for studies. It was the month of July and that light shower was really a big relief for Delhi heights as the atmosphere before was as usual humid.

That particular day was giving an expression of diversity in that huge city of dreams. There were people who were in their BMW’,s Audi’s enjoying the shower from inside, there were middle class motor cycle riders wearing rain coats or having umbrellas showing there riding skills but still hurry enough to reach to their destinations and then there were some lovely looking naked kids, who were totally carefree, not thinking about anything, they were just living the rain, even those water drops were enough to cover their bare bodies. They were not thinking about the current ruling or the opposition party and not even abusing them for their under performances. They were just enjoying and yelling for no certain reasons; they were just those who were celebrating the independence our country in the best possible way.

In between, Neha, the first year collage girl from Indore was on her way to the collage. As it was raining so the local buses were jam packed and it was even hard to take breath properly. On the other hand Neha was sitting in the women reserved seat and was listening to her favorite radio station. She was a girl with revolutionary dreams, she was good in mathematics but never opted for engineering, she decided to go for fashion designing which was her childhood dream. Many voices were arisen at the time of her decision but she didn’t listen to any body and stick with her choice.

Options for fashion designing were not that good in Indore so she came to Delhi to peruse her dreams. Delhi was new for her and she was also aware about the various issues and possible obstacles that can stop her from achieving her targets but she was also aware that this is the only place that can make her a star some day. Neha was busy listening to the songs when she received a call from a friend who was waiting for her in the collage, while talking to her friend. Neha noticed somebody, who was staring her, firstly she ignored but after sometime she saw the same pair of eyes staring her again in a pretty constant way, it happened for next half an hour or so and then she reached her collage.

It was actually the first time when she realized that how unsafe Delhi can be for a girl. It was the first time when she was thinking about all the lessons given to her by her parents at the time she decided to come to Delhi. All these things were going on her mind when a friend called her name and she once again started concentrating in her collage rather than thinking about that incident that was rather usual in a city like Delhi. Two months later, Neha was now totally adjusted with the city, she was now aware about every bus route and metro stations. Everything was now become easier for her, her studies were too going well, everything was going according to the plan and she was really happy with her decision.

One day after completing her collage she was waiting for the bus where she suddenly saw those same pair of eyes again. It took her seconds to recognize those eyes… once again that intense look without even a single blink staring at her at the same constant way. This time Neha was even able to recognize the whole personality behind those eyes. He was about 5,8 inches tall guy about 20 years old with a bag on his shoulders. How irritating shameless he is, she said to herself. She was thinking that how guys can do that and why they just do such inappropriate things which makes us uncomfortable and make them look utter idiots. Her wrath was almost crossing every limit and she even tried to show that to him, but his eyes were still the same, looking at Neha with the same intensity.

Finally the bus came and she picked it up quickly. She was not that scared but surely angry about that incident. Although, it was only the second one but that person was same, his intense look was unforgettable. For the very first time in her life, she was thinking about the safety of women in India and especially in Delhi.

Next day was Sunday and Neha was waiting for it as for the first time when she decided to go outside for a party with friends. In Delhi it is almost impossible for a youngster to save it from partying. she wore her finest clothes and was ready to rumble. She was eagerly waiting for her friends at her place when she received a call. Her friend called her to the nearest metro station. Quickly she locked the door and went outside to get the auto rickshaw. She was waiting for it when somebody tapped her on her shoulder; she turned back and stunned to see that same face with same unforgettable looks. She was horrified this time and was almost breathe less for a couple of seconds. This time there was a rose and a a piece of paper was there in his hands.

He tried to give that letter to Neha along with the rose but before that she screamed and started shouting at him. There were many people around them who got her attention and came to ask the reason, she explained everything and after knowing all that almost every man around them started abusing and pushing that guy, he tried to retaliate but the numbers game works and they started beating him very badly. That rose was crushed and that letter fell from his hand, Neha picked the letter to show it to the police. Finally the auto came and she went to the metro station, all her excitement was perished after that incident. She shared everything with her friends and they suggest her to stay away from the police as that guy was already punished. After the party she went to her place, she was actually trying to forget that incident but she wasn’t. She kept herself busy when realized about the letter that was still in her bag. She took it out and started reading it.

Hi, I don’t know your name and I don’t even want to know it. I was born 20 years ago but never felt anything like that before the day I saw you in the bus. My mom use to tell me that this world is so beautiful; you just need to see it that way. For last 20 years I am just trying to find out how to see this world that it can look beautiful. That day, I was looking at you and really I was feeling like living in heaven. My eyes were paining but I wasn’t able to blink even for once. To say the least I can say that you are beautiful. You are the one who makes me realize that my mom was correct. You know what; everyone says that my mind is 10 years younger than my body. Every boy and girl of my age is going to regular collages but I am going to a special school. You know what I never complained about it to anyone; I never tried to tell them that I am also intelligent. I can write poetry like any famous writer but whenever I saw you I thought that I can share my feelings with you. Don’t take me in a wrong way, I don’t love you, I am not even thinking about that but there is something really special about you that can make me express everything. I just want to be with you. I can understand that I can tell these things to you verbally as well but I AM SORRY I CANT because I can’t even speak. I know I don’t even require a voice to explain anything to you as I know you are so beautiful from inside that you will be able to understand everything. I just want to be with you….. Rohan

Neha was again stunned, after reading that letter she actually realized that how big the mistake she made that day by shouting and screaming at Rohan. She wasn’t able to sleep whole night and was thinking about Rohan only. She wasn’t in love with him but was feeling sorry for him.

Next day she woke up as earliest and completed her daily routine. Today rather than going to the collage, she was keen to see those eyes again, she reached the bus stand and waited for him but he never came. Buses came and went but Rohan was nowhere. She was again really angry but from herself. She was taunting herself for her mistake. She tried to search Rohan for next few days but never find him again…

__END__

