Social Short Story – Cracking Job Interview

Photo credit: 

 from 

Once Kumar, a friend of Swapnil, was sitting demoralised in the tea shop. As and when Swapnil arrived there, he immediately made out from Kumar’s face that something is wrong. Kumar dint notice Swapnil’s entrance, though waiting for him to arrive, to give a solution to his problem. Swapnil just ordered for a tea, taking one sip of it, put his free hand on Kumar’s shoulder and asked the reason for his sorrow. Kumar not having noticed Swapnil’s entrance and then suddenly seeing him was overjoyed.

Kumar continued, “Yaar I’m in a serious trouble now. You know I had been indeed a bright student. Its not that I don’t know things, but actually turn dumb during any interview I have faced till now. For God’s sake, I even tried to find the reason so many times after the interview, but remained unanswered. But again I am sure if I by any chance given the opportunity to perform, I would surely do well. The things not coming out of my mouth would surely be implemented practically at work. Now you know I am almost 25 and still unemployed. Tomorrow I have one more interview and I am sure I would again go dumb there and lose this opportunity as well. So please help me.”

To this Swapnil said, “No problem friend, I know, this is a very common problem with many and so you need not feel frustrated paying attention to this particular characteristic of yours. However I could surely try to help you in this matter. But for that you need to do something.” K

umar getting a positive answer from Swapnil just rose from his seat with a determination that he could reach any height of any work to get Swapnil help him, said,” Tell me Boss, what do you want me to do?”

Swapnil said, “Could you by any chance find me the house of the interviewer, who is going to take your interview tomorrow?”

Kumar again became a bit hopeless and said, “O!! I bet then again that would be of no use boss – talking to him and convincing him to give me this job. That’s for surely not gonna work.”

Swapnil said, “Oh no!! you misunderstood. I have some other plans. If that would have been my plan, could I not have well taught you the style and the script which you need to deliver at the time of the interview rather than myself getting indulged into this? Just tell me whether you could find me his house.”

Kumar again gaining in some more confidence nodded and said, “Surely. Just wait and I would immediately set off for that and would bring in front of you his address by evening.”

They broke off. Kumar by some chance had one of his school friend currently working in the company. From him he came to know the interview panel for next day, the interviewer and his address. Kumar as promised just brought that to Swapnil by evening. Now its Swapnil’s turn to play his trick.

Next day at the interview table, Kumar is seen seated on a chair with one interviewer sitting just on the chair lying in front of him opposite to the table facing him. The interviewer was a bit upset from his face but as a regular work continued, “So, what’s up? By the way, I am sorry I dint notice your name in your CV. May I know that?”

Kumar said, “Kumar Ardhendu!”

As and when the interviewer heard this, he almost seemed to have got the burning Sun in his hand and jumped out of his chair just 2 feets above and then controlling over his emotions, sat back, wiped his sweat and pretty much relaxed continued, “Fine so what do you want me to ask you on? Your CV looks pretty good to me. I don’t think anything needs to be asked to verify your skills. Still for interview’s sake I would ask you few things.”

After that the interviewer asked the easiest of questions Kumar might have ever encountered, followed by Kumar’s answers and that followed by the interviewer’s huge round of applause saying “Absolutely correct.”

Kumar knew its just a normal process the interviewer is doing, but he is already in for the job. And all this is because of Swapnil. Ideally he’s not getting this job with his capabilities, but again thinking of his unusual nature during the time of the interview, he would consider his those few answers to the easiest of the questions as his satisfaction to be able to crack this job.

Late night Kumar called upon Swapnil at his house for a small party on the occasion of his getting the job. There Kumar was excited to know what Swapnil must have done in actual that the interviewer was so keen to take him for this job.

Swapnil said, “Nothing much friend. I just wrote one letter and dropped it in his letter box outside his house. marking it important, and confidential for him.”

“And the content of the letter was?”, asked Kumar.

“Again nothing. Just wrote, Hi Sir, This is not important for you to know who I am. Just consider that in this world someone is still there as your well wisher like me. I always had admired your married life as you stay in my locality. I always have dreamt to have one like yours. But for quite few days that’s almost getting nearer to an end. And that’s, only because of your wife. You know Sir, that now for quite some days, I have been noticing that your wife is talking for long time with one guy, when you are out for office.

So this might again just be a normal interaction, but still everyday, same time for so long actually depicts something else. So before it turns out to something pretty noticeable to all in the society I thought of making you aware of this. For first few days I just kept on guessing where I have seen that guy. Its after one week that I actually recognised him. Again Sir that person is who, is not that important for you. What is important is to stop your wife from continuing this or committing any mistakes. But now again if you tell that to your wife, she would simply deny or would prove this act of hers as a very casual common thing. So its better to stop that guy from meeting her any more. And now Sir, that guy is not that good as well, and only is scared of one single guy in this whole world. This I am telling you from my own experience of the incident which I witnessed long back from where actually again I recognised him. The other guy whom your wife’s well wisher fears, is again very good in nature. So you could tell this to him. His name is “Kumar Ardhendu”. You could find this guy in “Swapnasagar” near “Swapner Tea Stall”. Regards Your Well Wisher”

__END__

