Social Short Story – Just Thoughts…

Photo credit: 

 from 

I’m now 16 going on 17  and my goal in life is to embark on a great journey to the wilderness. I’m sure most of you are  shocked right now, you’re probably asking yourself why would anybody give up comfortable life and go to the wild ( no proper toilet!).. well I’ll try to explain, so lets start with introduction:

You must know, for example, that  i’m definitely not what you call “normal” in all possible ways, my hobby is history- i self-study the German foreign policy of the 1930’s as it seen from the revisionist point of view, i’m also very interested in the american civil war and the KGC, some characters of the old west etc… after having many thoughts on the subject i realized that my destiny in life is to be a farmer (i really like the idea of planting things and making a living out of it), of course i love nature and animals.

I prefer to be lonely- no undesirable conversations with people, instead lots of time for thinking and understanding the great mystery of life, lots of philosophy and self development. my head full with crazy ideas that seem extremely realistic to me i see them vividly in my dreams. I’m a dreamer. I’m very sportive- I workout 6 days a week, guess what my favourite sport is, you probably guessed wrong- its shot putting! I’m the best shot putter in high school among the girls,   and 10th place in Israel.

While my friends and other youngsters (most of them) prefer lady gaga and Justin biber, I appreciate good old music, my idol is Elvis Presley! but i also like frank Sinatra, doris day, queen, johnny cash, roger miller.. etc. basically blues, rock n roll, rock a billy, some good rock, and gospel. Also I leave in israel I’m not jewish, I’m not christian either. Actually i don’t belong to any religion, i’m convinced that there is a guidance from somewhere but i also believe that there is no system that is correct about it- spirituality and religion is very individual and cant form a group of any kind, because its, in a way, a philosophic thing- understanding the meaning of life and the mystery of destiny or invisible power or guidance. Anyway now that you have an idea of who am i lets move to explaining what is so attracting in the wilderness:

I always had this dream to leave this civilized world and travel to some far distant place where i could enjoy the peace of loneliness, where none could find me, and my existence depended only on basic thing like herbs, plants and animals that i would hunt, harvest and prepare to support myself. i was always jealous while reading those stories about cowboys and Indians and the life in the complete wilderness, i always thought i was born in the wrong century and the past always seemed attractive to me, a place where i really belong- simple and risky.

Just think about it, a life in the nature where the laws of humans don’t exist, where nature guides you through you life and your fate and destiny is in your own hands- the complete independence. people are extremely unique species we can adopt to anything, get used to crazy things or survive in crazy situations. lets take Aron Ralstone for example, the guy survived 127 hours- that’s 6 days, his arm was stuck between one of the rocky walls of blue john canyon Utah and a huge rock, he prepared himself to die but in the very end he made a brave heroic decision, he amputated his arm and by doing that cheated death. Or lets not forget Christopher Mccandless  who hiked for 2 years and died a miss-fortunate death (he accidently  ate a poisonous plant similar to wild potato).

People always tried to conquered the wilderness and discover distant unknown places, its in our blood, we also like to push boundaries and to test our abilities. i guess those things are in my blood too but with higher rates, i want to see what i’m made of, but also the idea of harmony and natural green life, peace, an the slow pace seems to me very attractive. you may say: ” ah, its just a youth rebellion” or “everyone has his own way to express his rebellious youth”

Well i can tell you that i’m not a rebel in fact i’m a very nice kid, i don’t drink alcohol, don’t use drugs, no cigarettes, i’m not noisy, don’t ask for much… i have no reason to rebel and nothing to rebel against. i guess i just like living on the edge and have some risk or maybe i just try to figure  out who am i? anyway i’m looking forward to fulfill my dream, and i’m sure i will do it!

So why do i tell you all those things? i have no clue.. i guess i just want to share my thoughts with someone and it feels stupid telling it out laud to myself or to the wall in my room, or maybe i’m pushing boundaries and trying myself in something that i’ve never done before? maybe i just want to attract audience to spread my own philosophy and thoughts about different topics in our everyday routine or life in general maybe history? i dont know.. but i have to say that it’s quite an experience and i will probably continue with it.. thank you for reading! even though it was probably boring or crazy..

__END__

