Social Short Story – LOVE QUOTA

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was the first day of his college.He was a bit nervous like everyone else.It was a reputed college and people from various parts of the country were admitted into this college after clearing a very tough entrance examination.

He has gained entry to this reputed college not because he was intelligent enough to clear this exam but through the quota system that our government has provided.

His name was Bablu . He is a a student of reserved category. He is from from a backward community.

Bablu is a very calm and innocent boy.He lives in his own world.He is a child at heart and gets easily hurt.He never talked to any girl before entering college.

“What is your name?” asked a girl standing beside him.

“Bablu” he said looking at the floor.

What is your rank? she asked him.

“*****” bablu said .

“This fellow got quota still he got here” announlced the girl pointing bablu as if he has done some unforgivable mistake.

Everyone around looked at bablu as if he is some kind of damaged good.

Bablu felt isolated at that moment . He went to his room without talking to anyone. He was missing his home.

Bablu was from a poor family but he grew up in a city.His parents were daily wage earners.He borrowed books and studied under the street lights and passed the exam some how.

He wants to become an engineer so he studied hard even though he knew his parents can not afford to pay the college fees.

And now bablu is facing a tough situation in college struggling to adjust between the elite students of his college.

Semester exams were over and bablu passed the exam with flying colours.

Bablu wanted to go out on a date with a girl called Riya he fell in love with.Unfortunately Riya does not like people from reserved category and she always makes fun of them.

Riya is a beautiful girl from a rich and educated family .She thinks she is the only person who knows everything and she always hurts people with her arrogant attitude.

Bablu calls Riya to ask her out.

Bablu: hello riya. bablu here.how r u?

Riya: why did you call me ?

Bablu: I like you.I want to go out with you.

Riya: wow..Look who is talking..bablu wants go out with me. arey bablu aukaat dekhi hai apni..

Bablu: I really love you.

Riya: Have you gone mad? what makes you think i will go out with a person like you.Be in your limits . You don’t even deserve to be here .You just got here through reservation and you have no right to hang out with us.You are neither handsome nor a merit student.Why should i go out with you.There are no quotas in dating a girl. Mind it.

Riya hungs up the call.

Bablu is deeply hurt by riya’s words and goes to bed without eating anything. Bablu stopped talking to riya and concentrates on his studies even though it was hard for him to forget riya.

Bablu’s classmates makes a mockery of his feelings towards riya while some other friends sympathise with him.

Bablu feels like an alien in his own country and decides to leave the country as soon as he gets a job in an MNC.

Bablu studies very hard and tops the college and becomes the gold medallist of his batch. Bablu gets a highly paid job in an mnc .

During the last day of college bablu wants to spend atleast a few minutes with riya but riya leaves college before he calls her.

 

Venue: Harvard university.

Chief guest: Bablu

Bablu was invited as a chief guest to address an assembly of students of harvard for an annual gathering. The area was filled with reporters and journalists to cover the event. Bablu is now a famous novelist and CEO of a famous company .

Meanwhile, in India somewhere in New Delhi Riya (now 40 years old) turns on the TV and scrolls between the channels and she suddenly stops by seeing bablu on the screen.

A tear rolls down her cheek when she sees him and she remembers how rude she was to him in college and regrets for rejecting him.

Life is not too short.Do not judge anyone so quickly.

Reservation is a controversial issue but do you think its fair to victimise the innocent students like bablu for gaining benefit of reservation that is provided by government.

Everyone has the right to enjoy their life ,who are we to judge them on the basis of their social and economic background.

Bablu could not have a normal college life because of his social background .Can’t he have fun like everyone else.Can’t he have feelings for someone?

There are so many Bablus in India suffering in silence .We should give them a chance to live a happy life.

__END__

