Social Short Story – Chit Chat

Social Short Story – Chit Chat

It’s been fifteen long minutes that I have been on this table. It is indeed strange that I have come to this part of the city. Earlier I had seen a few pictures of this place. It looks pretty much the same. White curtains all around, pretty little tables with blue table cloth and the expensive looking cutlery. It isn’t too crowded but I can sense a little noise from the other tables.

I can see that now on the table someone of my kind has joined, looks pretty old to me, let me be friendly.

“Hello there”

“Hi Mr. Smarty”

“So, my owner’s gender decides mine too?”

“Yeah, obviously”

“How lame? Being with a girl even you have become stupid. Don’t you know we are non living things?”

“Okay, smarty, I guess your guy uses a lot of search engines.”

“Of course and it’s so clear that you wouldn’t know anything about it. When were you built?

“2005”

“2005? You are so old. Look at all your buttons, so worn out.”

“Yes, but my friend don’t you realize that after a few years even you will be outdated.”

“Don’t say that. Touch will never be out of fashion.”

“Yeah right. So, why is your owner here?”

“I have no clue. He never comes to this part of the city, only in the morning he used the maps to find out this place.”

“Oh. My girl’s house is here in this area.”

“I see.”

“The funny thing is there I couldn’t find your SIM’s number in my memory.”

“But I have yours; look your guy is taking out another phone.”

—

“Rahul, I can’t believe you have a separate phone only for me.”

“Neha, you understand why right?”

“You are very scared of your wife.”

“It’s not about being scared; I don’t want to hurt her.”

“We are in love! Doesn’t it matter to you?”

“Neha, I need time. Please for god’s sake have patience.”

—

“Oh, now I get why my guy was looking up for lawyers from the past few days.”

“Don’t tell me he is cheating on his wife.”

“Yep. He is.”

“That’s so sad and haven’t you heard, once a cheater always a cheater?”

“So, you are saying that he will cheat on your girl too?”

“I think so.”

“Who knows, these human beings are complex creatures. We cell phones can just look and wonder.”

“I agree”

“I guess both of them are leaving now, I am sure we will be meeting very often.”

“See you soon”

__END__

