Social Short Story – STOP EXPECTING SYMPATHY

Photo credit: 

 from 

Introducing Jishna, a intelligent housewife and loving daughter. Jishna was quite girl from childhood. she always used to think how she can contribute to reduce the pain and suffering from people around her. She never had much friends, hardly one or two. She always gives preference to quality rather than quantity. She choose only those people as her friends who are truthful, trustworthy and caring people.

For example:  If she is absent for a day in her college, her two friends will update her about what happened in class and what she need to prepare for the next day in class.

Though she is not that intelligent to score a distinction, she got a good job than her class mates. This was due to paying attention to detail to whatever she studied.  She confidently answered some of the tricky and twisted interview questions which came out of what she studied in her interview preparation.

Some of her classmates who got better marks failed to earn a good job since most of them were unable to answer tricky questions. So they felt sad but they had hope since they have good marks sheet in their hand which can make them preferable for other interviews.

Some of her classmates who got less marks either settled for some other job or left career and started preparing for marriage. Since they lack confidence and never understood the topics in the deepest .

Jishna in this way outshine her counterparts and made herself a name and place in the professional world.  As everybody thinks, life is easy once you get job or once you married or settled in whatever way.

Jishna was actually stepping into a world of competition where protecting our work and effort is much bigger task than actually finishing the work.

As we all know everybody in the office will be waiting how to impress their boss with their work or other works in their name. Jishna in the initial stage never understood what’s happening to her life. Though she works full day in office, she hardly gets any appreciation. She was criticized often for mistakes which are unknown to her.

Jishna got depressed  so much that she started loosing confidence in her. Life was passing through hell for her. She started hating to go to office. Nobody used  to come for her rescue. she felt sad and panic always.

Work load started piling up and she got everyday scolding and warnings from her boss. As a fresher, she hardly could withstand her work pressure. In excitement of getting job, she had spent money lavishly and had taken emi from bank as months passed.

Work load, Financial Stress, Social Status loss if she looses job, all made her more weak and sad from inside. she hardly gets time to spend with family and friends.

At last, the most fearing situation which was expected happened. She got fired from the office. Unable to bear the insult and pain, she left office without saying a word to anybody and went to home and locked her room and cried a lot.

She started fearing how to say about the job to her parents. As they say , parents don’t need us to explain our problems, they understand and will be always there for us. Same Thing happened in Jishna’s case.

Her parents started the discussion while dining that our daughter eyes are looking very tired and she is going restless. We suggest you(jishna) to leave the job and take rest and try a new job if you wish to.

Hearing this, Jishna immediately replied “Then what about the EMI’s? “. Her parents replied, ” we are there for you princess. You wont worry. Your peacefulness and happiness is more important to us than the emis”.

Jishna felt so much happy and said about what had happened in her office. Her parents hold her hand and said never fear to discuss even the worst things that can happen to you. Jishna felt relieved. she slept happily and started spending days in house hold chores and attending parties.

Jishna slowly started preparing for her next job and she got her job as she wished. Work went smoothly in the office and she was so much happy and in the mean time one of her colleague started liking her and proposed her.

She also liked him and accepted him , but due to parents rejection, both eloped and married. As they say, when you love a person, you wont see anything in this world other than his love.

Same thing happened in Jishna’s life, as time passed, her responsibilities started increasing. Her spouse started expecting from her, things such as ideal wife who cooks food which he likes, who takes care of his family members and who does things ready for him and who is always willing to do good in romance .

Jishna’s starting adjusted thinking that one or other day, her spouse will understand how much stress is she undergoing. Time passed but spouse never understood, instead started complaining like your parents never taught you how to be a good wife or ideal married women.

Jishna who had left her parents support and trusted her spouse completely and came behind him, now that same spouse is in the opposition in all matters of her life. Office stress, Family Pressure and House hold chores and above all these in the night being romantic forgetting all pains which she suffered from morning till night.

Jishna felt ” she is not going to bear this anymore . She started saying no to things which she cannot handle ” . Her straightforward answer was never welcomed by her spouse peacefully. Arguments, fights began between jishna and her spouse.

She could not bear the pressure. she came  to her parents home sadly and saw how deeply her parents got affected by her eloping and marrying.

Her parents advised her calmly that ” life wont be good if she leaves her spouse. Instead of escaping from problems , try to solve one by one. Logic makes any adamant man to bent in this world. Make him understand, till he wishes to understand, if he never understands, then you stop wasting time in making him understand. Time will teach everybody, everything. Have patience, you are a married women, you should have more patience and will power to solve the martial problems than your spouse. If your spouse doesn’t listen to you, then stop saying  and do how much you can by yourself and leave the rest for next day.

If your spouse doesn’t talk to you calmly, then give him reply in a soft toned manner that makes him to control his anger tone as time passes. IF your spouse doesn’t buy things for you, then first request him and wait for some time, after that you make facility to buy by your money. If that is not possible, then leave the idea of buying it now.

Remember always Your spouse is not like your parents who keep their wishes aside and give preference to children’s wishes. Be a woman of courage and will power in matters of emotion and finance. Never hurt his ego and remove his false ego intelligently.

Never hurt his family members though they hurt you. Wait for the right time and expose his family members in front of him. If he is truly loving person, he will support you else he will ignore his family members mistake.

If your spouse ignores you, then stop being worried and craving for his love. Request honestly to your spouse to stop this ignorance. If he doesn’t, you started diverting your attention to other areas like your household , friends , career, charity, temple or tour or reading novels. The more you crave and show sympathetic, the more you will face such ignorance in future. Make him understand, if he ignores you, it is he who looses your care and attention.

Be a woman which man needs and not a woman who needs a man. Never leave your spouse forever, after his mother, it is your duty to take care of him and bring him into discipline and worthy for the society. You have personal and moral responsibility towards your family and society. Good deeds never go waste, so keep on trying till your last breath. ” .

It took years for jishna to implement this. she never forgot what her parents advised and applied it to situations she faced and solved it. Intelligently handling and wisely solving and remembering her parents advice at the proper times helped her a lot.

Jishna felt so much happy that she started working and listening and caring and diverting her interests during her spouse ignorance towards her.

Years passed, slowly changes started to happen and Jishna’s belief in her capabilities grew stronger. Jishna wonders how can she be so adjusting and flexible type. Harsh comments , ignorance, lack of appreciation by her spouse or in laws or her boss never made her loose her peace of mind.

Jishna had made up her mind “No matter whatever happens outside of my control, I will silently accept or ignore it”.

All the years, she worked hard like a machine and yet she never felt to go out of all this. She was leading a martial life in this materialistic world and innerly she was leading pure saint life.

She believed in Lord Krishna’s words “Only think about action , not worry about the fruits. In one way or other, you will receive the fruits of action”.

Sometimes when things never went according to her logical plan, she used to remember that “Lord Krishna has got better plan than hers”.

It takes years and lot of effort to remain calm and fearless in the tsunami of worries in this world. Jishna’s slowly started practicing it. She started growing more kind towards all other people. Whenever any problem comes to her which she is unable to solve it , and she used  the option of bearing it.

She thinks about the worst problems that others face and luckily she haven’t been in that position by god’s grace. In this way, she consoled herself and without expecting sympathy from others. She started living in the sense ” Living for the moment, no matter whether she will be alive the very next second”. In this way, she embraced her life.

Living for the moment is more important than any achieving anything . We often get sympathy from wrong people, in that condition, we are unable to decide who is actually worried about us and who is doing crocodile tears. So, Its better to STOP Expecting Sympathy. Jishna felt, why to expect sympathy from others, when we alone is much bigger than our problems.

Why to expect sympathy from others, when it is only we can solve it.

why to expect sympathy from others, when we are brought up so good.

Why to expect sympathy from others, when we know our smart works will bear god’s grace and result in fruitful expectations.

Jishna’s advises all her dearest friends and readers to be-

Strong , Determined and Desire for a Wise Purposeful Living.

Giving food to needy fills his present hungry , but makes him hungry again the next day.

Whereas giving wise knowledge to needy makes his/her life better for lifetime.

Spread Wise Thoughts , Do Good things, Be Fearless, Be Calm.

–END–

