Oh my god!! again……You may be definitely thinking what has come again to me,so I am ending up your suspense. Its a beast,yes……. a beast. It appears daily in the morning with its kids ; so here i introduce the Sow and her dear piglets which has made our sugar cane farm her new dwelling.

The story begins with my  this time visit to  our farmhouse  to inhale the fresh air and enjoy the clean environment of my village.This time we rented our agricultural land for growing the sugar cane.Thanks to the sugar mills which have mushroomed in the near by vicinity and now the farmers are in the competition of growing so much of sugarcane to become rich in a single day.This competition has however led to excessive sugarcane crop grown everywhere.

To be honest ,Earlier I was so excited about the growing of this crop in our farmland.I was taken away by the greed of these tasty sugarcane but was quite unaware of the problems that emerged now.

In reality now found it difficult to inhale fresh air because of the jungle of sugarcane grown. It cordoned our full house, Now i could not see the roads and the street lights and the Temple of Goddess Durga which was clearly visible before this horrible jungle emerged.

However there was even a bigger problem that emerged .It was this Sow with her dearest three piglets .She was very cautious of taking care of these new born which would always follow her.Our tenants found it really difficult to reach the garbage bin because of the continuous hovering of this beast.I wished to have a beautiful view of sunrise in the morning but this would be the first thing I was witnessing.

Still things were o.k. until one day she chased the old Grand-man who is one of our tenants.Now it was a plan to get rid of this beast.First thing was to contact the owner of the Respected Mrs Pig ,other wise if any harm is done to it,They would have lodged a complaint against us.What an irony of the law???

So We sent the housekeeper to alarm the owners of the sow but it all went into vain. No one even bothered to trap the Sow. This really seemed to be a tough task , so second thing was to get rid of it permanently by keeping the medicine in the chapati or flour.

Yessss and this seemed to be better. No one is going to know about the departure of the sow. So finally the medicine was brought and the planning started. The spots and the places she would hover all the time were our target. So next day was the day when the plan was to be executed. Here arrived The respected Mrs Pig with her piglets.

On the execution day We again witnessed the Sow , the piglets playing around her,she was also showering them with her love. Suddenly a thought flashed inside the mind. She is the mother, she is the one who was just taking care of her kids. She used to become aggressive just for the safety of her kids ., What would happen to her piglets??What is their fault?Are they aware of the loss of their mother around whom they are joyfully playing and hovering?Will they not search for her day and morning?will they not search for her in the whole sugarcane farm?

Now it was the time to think,Who is the real beast?Is it the Sow or Us ?

Yes we can wait until the sugarcane crop is harvested and she flees away

by herself to a new dwelling.

–END–

