Social Story – DEATH IS DEFEAT

Photo credit: 

 from 

David is a great painter.  His paintings are praised by everyone.As a painter, he is successful. So he is happy as a successful painter.

Success is happiness. For happiness one should get trust, honesty and honor from people. People must trust our work, in other word – people trust and recognize us as good in what we do. This trust makes us famous and successful in our job. Success makes us happy for what we do.

We have to do our job with great honesty. Without honesty no job is recognized and defects come in our way of doing things, when we are not honest towards our job. This honesty with devotion gives perfect shape to the work we do, this perfection will be recognized by the people using this work and thus honesty is what a person needs. This honesty makes him happy.

Honor is the very valuable thing a person earns in his job. This honor is a great success. This success is what everyone needs in his job and success turned honor turns a man as a great winner. This is so precious that if a happiness came from success is not known to someone, he will be unhappy man.

David is a painter recognized as the best painter in annual art competitions of the city Indiana. There are nearly ten more painters who are very famous and they try their best to defeat David. Benjamin is his close competitor. David also likes some paintings of Benjamin.

Last year, David said in a public meeting like this.

“I am happy that I have been adjudged as the best painter in this competition. I personally liked the paintings of Benjamin displayed in this competition. I wish him best luck and I hope, Benjamin is selected as the best painter at least next year.”

This year also David is selected as the best painter. This is a third time victory. Victory is like a toxic thing and people always wish to be the winners. Always and lifelong If a winner is a winner, it is a happy thing for the winner. We like a moonlight night one day so much and we like to see the same moonlight nights always.

This time also David liked some paintings by Benjamin displayed in the exhibition. When David is announced as the winner, he said like this year also.

“I am happy that I have been adjudged as the best painter in this competition this year also. Actually and personally I liked the paintings of Benjamin displayed in this competition. I wish him best luck and I hope, Benjamin is selected as the best painter at least next year.”

Fourth year, the same annual art competition is before judges. There is divided opinion in the judges.

“No doubt, David is the best.” One judge said.

“David himself said in two years that he liked the paintings of Benjamin. This time Benjamin should be announced as the best painter.” Other judge said.

“Because david said, we can not select a winner in this competition. We like David’s paintings without doubt. So why don’t we announce David as the winner. He is a great painter and as he said that he liked the paintings of Benjamin, it his greatness and  this may be an effort to pacify Benjamin also.” Senior Judge said.

Most of the judges pleaded that David should be given the award this year also, but destiny is different.

Benjamin is announced the Best Artist this year.

David clapped for this judgment. Nobody saw any dissatisfaction in David’s face.

That night, David could not sleep. The defeat is Unbearable for him. His life looked dark for him.

The next day David id found dead.

Nobody knows how he is dead. Even his family members also failed to know this.

Benjamin was one who found it and he was unhappy for he is adjudged as the best artist this year.

__END__

