Social Short Story – Unemployed

Photo credit: 

 from 

He is young and he is unemployed. His name is Isaac. He worked for some time in a vegetable shop. He left the job as he has to go to his village to see his grandmother who is in deathbed.

“My grandmother passed away. I came back for a job.” Isaac said.

“Why didn’t you contact your old employer?”His friend Byron asked him.

“I did, he said that my place is filled immediately. So he is unable to take me back.” Isaac said with sad voice.

Byron was thinking seriously that where his friend can get a job. He was working in a groceries shop. The proprietor of the shop has affection on Byron. He works in the shop and also in the house of the proprietor Benjamin.

One day he went to Benjamin’s house in the late evening when the shop is closed.

“Byron, I did not call you.” Benjamin said.

“I came for a favor Sir.” Byron said.

“Do you want some advance? How much you need?”

“Not money sir, I came to request you for a job to my friend Isaac.”

“Job? We don’t have any vacancy in our shop, you know that.” Benjamin said.

“Not in shop sir, in your house.”

“Here, in my house?”

“Yes sir”

“You know, no place is vacant here. Warner is our house servant for the last twenty years.”

“Warner is very old and he cannot serve as actively as my friend can.”

“But Warner is poor. He has a wife and a son who is blind as dependents on him..”

“Why are you so much sympathetic on him sir? You have paid him good, he might have saved good money for future.”

“I don’t think so. Removing him from job will be a sin.”

“Why you are saying like a saint sir. What we need is good servant who works actively for what we pay.”

Benjamin looked at Byron with confusion.

“Come tomorrow. I will tell you.”

Byron was happy that he was successful in putting the fire in the mind of his boss.

The other day, his boss told him to bring his friend.

Isaac was standing at a canteen and having his tea. There he saw the old man and his wife having tea.

Isaac recognized him as Warner who is working in Benjamin’s house as house servant.

“I have to see some place to work.” Warner said.

“Why, what happened?”

“My boss told me that I am not fit to work now, as I am old. He asked me to stop from today.”

“It is not easy to get job in other place now in this old age.”

“I know that. What we have to do now?”

“What is left except begging? We are no better than that.”

Isaac understood that the job he is going to get is at the wows to these old people.

He went to Benjamin, explained what he saw and requested him not to remove Warner from job.

He looked at Isaac. He moved with the kind heart and kind thinking of Isaac.

He immediately decided to take him in to job.

“Come and join in my groceries shop today. Warner will be here in his job.”

While Benjamin said this, Byron came there and he knew everything from Isaac.

“Thank you Byron.”

“No, I have to thank you for saving Warner’s job.”

_END_

