Social Short Story – UNTITLED

Photo credit: 

 from 

She was beautiful. There was something about her that was appealing . She smiled .

I took a step back

 Now this is really unexpected. I thought that she was far away. I was not informed about this date. I used to think that I was never afraid of this woman.

Now, I wanted to cry . I wanted to turn away and run. But, some invisible force inside me stopped me . I wanted to scream but my throat was dry and empty.

She slowed inched towards me and the devils in my body screamed louder. She touched my face and said in a soft ,whispering voice “ Come with me. Lets run away together.”

“B-but”, I stammered ,”I have my family and friends who care for me a lot. That would make them upset.”

“Then come with me …”,she held my hand and took me to a river-side.

“What’s your son”s name?”

“Ed-Edward”

“What is he studying?”

“He’s in a medical college”

“My my! What a talented son you have got!”

“It will be hard for him, if I leave with you”.

“No he has friends. He has a life that would keep him busy. He is a young man. He would marry his sweetheart and would become a successful doctor.”, she paused, ”and you know to whom would he be  most thankful and love all his life?”

“Who?”

Her eyes twinkled,“The man who worked so hard to admit him to a medical collage.”

***

We sat there for two hours. She kept urging me to go. She finally stood up and took my hand.

“I smile at all men. The best a man can do is smile back. ”

So, then I told her I was ready. She gave me a thumbs up sign , I didn’t want to see anymore. I wished darkness before my closed, teary eyes; such a comfortable view. Monochrome and silence. My black, silent world. But my eyes widened even more. Standing I could see everything and I wasn’t able to take my eyes from it. I saw it falling into ruin.

Brick by brick.

Burning to ash.

Though I stood so far away from it, the fire burned my eyes. She was coming closer and closer that we both started running away.

 

But, I know people will not agree , she was the  most beautiful person I have ever met. The woman whose name was Death.

