Social Story – An Overday Transformation

Photo credit: 

 from 

” Ladies and Gentlemen! We will be shortly landing in Los Angeles International Airport. So, kindly please fasten your seat belt” announced the Air – hostess.

“Enough kindness shown, you buffoon Air hostess” shouted I.

 “That’s no way fair to shout on them” suggested a man sitting beside me.

 “I ain’t here to get suggested by you” shouted I at him.

 “Sir, Please don’t hesitate to ask yourself the reason. ” suggested the Air hostess to my neighbour.

 “Ok” replied he.

The plane finally descended…………….

 I stood up , picked my bag and walked forth.

 “Thanks for choosing Japan Airlines” announced the Captain.

 “Yes! The bloody Airways and the bloody World.” shouted I.

 Got out of the plane, off the Airport……..

 “Taxi!” shouted I.

 A taxi stopped in front of me.

 “What’s your destination? ” questioned he to me.

 ” I don’t know” replied I.

 “What? ” questioned he to me.

 “I said, I don’t know ” said I

 “Get into the Car” said he.

 Followed as said.

 Got into the car.

 Closed my eyes and I never knew where he was driving me upto.

 Time passed. ………………….

 “Just, Get down here, sir” said the driver to me.

 Got down, although I didn’t knew where I was.

 “SUMIMASEN” said the English man a Japanese word , which I later discovered meant Bye!

 “Just get out without a fee” said I to him.

 The taxi moved out of my vision a moment later.

 I turned around and I hot to see the beautiful World around me.

 I felt a bit purification taking place in my mind

 “What’s the name of this place?” questioned I to a by passer.

 ” Little Tokyo” replied he.

 “What?” questioned I to him.

 “Yes” replied he

 Well I didn’t take care of it and just searched for a restaurant for my appetite.

 It was half past 8 in the morning.

 Found a restaurant named “Daikokuya”

 Rushed to the hotel. …

 “Please walk” suggested a lady.

 “That’s your hellish business” said I to her

 “May God bless you” said that Japanese lady to me.

 I sticked for a moment.

 I was startled by her words.

 I walked forth and reached there into the hotel…..

 “Konichiwa” greeted the owner to me.

 “Konichiwa ” I said in reply although I didn’t knew what it means.

 Had my breakfast and paid only 1/4th of the bill to him

 Rushed off the restaurant.

 I remember I had the same flight back to Home at 4 PM in the Evening.

 So, I need to reach the Airport by 1:00 PM

 And to depart from the Present place by 12:00 noon.

 I remember of the Buddhist temple in Little Tokyo., which I read in my Primary school.

 “May I know the way to Koyasan Buddhist Temple?” questioned I to a by passer.

 Got the directions and walked and finally reached there.

 ” Let me guide you around sir” said a Tourist guide to me.

 “Sure! But with a condition of zero payment.” said I to him.

 “As you wish, Sir” replied he.

 We walked around and I just got to discover the main principle of Buddhism ‘Shahanooboothi” which meant to help the one in troubles.

 “We wish for the propagation of Buddhism in the World” said the guide to me.

 “Can I help you? ” questioned I to him.

 “No Obstacles make way for a good idea. ” said he.

 Took out some money and deposited it in his hands and walked back to the starting point and got into the taxi and reached the airport and got onto the plane after passing through all the checks.

 Moved to that Air hostess and regretted myself.

 Now I got to know, what Life is.

***

BY – JESWANT GEMBALI

 INDIAN

 Age-15

