Social Short Story – WHEEL OF FORTUNE

Photo credit: 

 from 

The warm day begins with her laughter, smile which sinks others heart. She is beautiful,innocent and well behaved. Her cheeks blush with happiness while her dad calls her 

. Dad is one of the most loving person for her. She cares for him. Unfortunately Maria’s mom died during her childhood. It was seven years back. She is the only child for them. Now she is eighteen. She has recovered from all those worries and been into a new life. Her ambition to become a dentist is getting near. She wrote the entrance exams.

On the day of result she was shivering and it just fade away when she saw the rank thirty for the entrance exam. She jumped with joy and happiness. Maria joined for dentistry in a well reputed college. She was only worried about her dad. Her dad will be alone while she stays at the hostel. Hostel is compulsory among the college official rules. So there is no other way. Dad took her to the hostel with dying heart. He also gave her the confidence and courage to perform well in her studies.

Days passed soon. The first year annual exam dates published. Maria wrote the exam well and returned home happily. After one month results came, she passed for the exam. She entered her second year. Maria got 2 new friends. 

 and 

. They were nice with her. And Maria enjoyed their friendship.

Her behaviour also started changing a bit. She changed to a hyper active girl. She started talking with boys,phone conversations continued.Maria lost her interest in studies. Sansei and Lamia were crooked ones. They cheated her.Introduced Maria to the boys they know and made her like as if she is so desperate to make out. Maria’s home visit got reduced.Maria’s dad was worried and made a phone call to the hostel to enquire about his daughter.Warden over there told that she had went home. Maria’s dad roared with anger and told them that for the past 3 months she has not come home.

Principal called up her friends and enquired.And the cheaters performed well by lying. They characterised Maria so badly. Her dad was very much worried. After one day Maria was back to her hostel. Warden asked her not to enter the hostel and gave her the suspended letter. And she saw her dad waiting at the door step. Maria hugged her dad tightly and cried a lot. She did not have any other option rather than leaving the hostel.

Maria understood that Sansei and Lamia cheated her. They started calling her on phone and blackmailed her not to reveal anything bad about them. Maria did the same.She never spoke against them before the enquiring council and accepted all mistakes as her own. Maria’s dad could not withstand all these. But then also he was there with Maria during her tough times.

After two months Maria was called back to the college.While she is back Maria got only hesitations and rough faces and bitching words. She avoided giving faces to Sansei and Lamia. Maria hate them the most. But she tried her maximum to cop up with her studies. She studied well and wrote exams. But the management authorities made her fail in the subject for continuous three times. The fourth time they cleared her exam. Maria decided strictly not even to fail one more time next. So she tried well. And the next time she passed and become a dentist. Maria and her dad live happily there after with their warm hugs and love for ever.

The fortune rotates with black and white shades.Maria had a drawing of her own and captioned it as                                                ‘

–END–

