Blake was giggling and running with a piece of sausage in his mouth while looking back at the mad butcher who shouted “COME BACK HERE YOU SON OF A THEIF!” 

Blake ran while looking for the secret entrance to his “home” which he made out of whatever he could find around the village . A lot of people surrounded him and tried to catch him, but he always escaped and chuckled in pride. He finds the entrance, which is a bunch of hay stacks, and he parkour’s his way up to some broken pieces of wood which he used as a bridge. He jumps from house roof to house roof, until he makes it to a small abandoned house which was close to the village …

 When Blake got to his house, he stored his food that got in a cabinet and then , his heart sank when he found a picture of his family and his parents Maria and Albert . When he saw that picture he remembered how they would always abuse him and beat him whenever he did the slightest of mistakes, he remembered how they went out and just left him, they left him and ran away. He shed a few tears while he was tearing and ripping the paper, he threw the paper out of a window. He wiped the tears from his eyes and started to eat , eventually forgetting about the picture. 

He went out again but this time he went to another secret place where he used to train in . He always dreamed of  becoming a samurai, so he made himself a wooden sword and practiced some special moves , he kept on practicing on one move in particular which he kept on failing and failing . He was done practicing and he was extremely exhausted , he went home and slept on the hard ground … When Blake woke up it was night . He was hungry, so he did the usual , he went to the village and started looking for food . He found that there was one bakery which is not guarded , or so he thought . He went in the bakery and got his supplies and put it in a sack made out of wool , and as he was organizing the stuff , BAM! , he was tackled from the back by 2 men ,and was pinned to one of the walls. 

They shouted at him and threatened to kill him , then , one of them took out a katana , and said “good bye” Blake suddenly felt crack in his bones followed by lots of cracks , and he was twitching  until there was a burst of light. Once it faded away , there was a dragon in front of the 2 men . They both screamed ran , leaving the katana on the floor. Blake turned back to a boy, and he was panicking and didn’t know what just happened. He calmed himself Down and tried to think straight. He took the katana and looked at it in excitement. He whispered to himself ” wow , I now have my own katana!”

 He took the katana and stored it in his sack and ran to his home … When Blake reached home , it was already morning , he was exhausted but he couldn’t sleep because of the dragon transformation, so instead , he practiced with the katana. First he needed a target to practice on , so he went to his training place , he made a human looking figure out of wood which was laying around , and he even made a face on it . Then he tried doing old moves that he learned , and then , he tried his favorite move , he got in the reddy position and he started preforming the trick , and he almost cut his head off ! But that didn’t stop him , he kept on preforming the trick , getting cuts while he was preforming , but finally he tried one last time, AND HE DID IT !

 He landed a fatal blow on the target and he destroyed it , he felt like as if he was finally a samurai and when he was celebrating, he turned to a dragon again and he destroyed the practice place , he tried to turn back but he couldn’t , so he flew away from the village and while he was flying , BAM , he bumped into a tree and fell to the ground, he was unconscious but he turned back to a human … 

When Blake woke up , he was still the way he was , no cuts , no nothing . The first thing he wanted was to get home, he looked around but all he could see were bushes and trees , he started to panic and he soon yelled for help , and that turned into dragon roars as he turned into a dragon. This was the first time that he could finally take control of the transformation. He flew around looking for his house when he finally found it, before he landed, he roared once more , which turned him back to a human, and then he landed perfectly . He went inside and he ate all the food that he could find , but he was still hungry , so he went out he roared but this time he went to the same place where he woke up . 

He landed and turned to a human , he had his katana with him so he took it out and started hunting , he found a dear , so he used a self taught dear call to lure the and as he crept on it , HE SLASHED ITS HEAD OFF , just kidding, it ran away. He yelled again in anger , turned and then struck the dear as a dragon , he took the dear in his mouth and went home, when he landed he dropped the dear and turned back. He made a fire out of wood , he cut the dear into pieces with his katana and he roasted it on the fire ,  you could say the food was fit for a dragon king . He went to sleep after finishing the food … 

When Blake woke up , he went to his training area to rebuild it, he went there on foot rather then transforming to a dragon, when he got there , their was nothing (obviously) so he went back to the jungle and gathered some wood and some twigs that he found laying around. He then went to the village to gather some rocks , he then stored his stuff at the house , then went to hunt, this time he didn’t find anything , so he was forced to work while he is hungry. He went to the training area and started to lay down some wood and twigs then he started mixing some sand and water from the nearby lake , he put that to secure the wood in place and he started putting pieces of rocks on the training area . He then mixed more dirt and water and put it on the the whole are while also making a roof, then he yelled and he breathed fire on the area to make it dry . He was done and went to the village ,he overheard one man speaking to mother man saying ” do you know anyone named Blake here? 

Then Blake ran up to him and said ” what do you want with me.” 

The man was about to knock out Blake , but in an instant Blake turned into a dragon . Everyone ran away and screamed in fear, them the other man turned into a dragon to and said “I’m a dragon samurai just like you so calm now and let me talk” they both then turned back , the man said ” I am trod the dragon king, I have come here because I could hear your yells from dragon town and I need you to come with me.” 

Blake was unsure of what to do , trod said that he heard me so maybe he IS the dragon king , he thought , so he bowed down and said , so I am a samurai ? 

Trod laughed and said ” yes , yes you are” … 

When Blake get up , he agreed that he would go to dragon town with trod . Trod then said “first, you have to drink lots of water and eat lots of food , the journey”s going to be long.” 

Blake would normally hunt now , but trod had already had some supplies redy for Blake. He had some water and some roasted dear meat which has been freshly hunted , cut , and roasted by the dragons back at dragon city . Blake was so hungry , that he finished the food like SNAP now it’s gone and he drank the water as if he never “tasted” it before . They began the journey , they moved north from Blake’s home , he already missed that place the moment he left it . They had been facing allot of storms and rain , so they had to stop and take shelter from time to time . Blake said “don’t take this the wrong way , but I’m bored . I am exited to get to dragon city but I’m bored now.” 

Then trod smiled and said “Okay then , let’s play a game , it’s called bird hunt , the rules are , the player who eats the most birds while flying wins !” Blake hesitated but then agreed , the game was supposed to keep going until the end of the trip , put in the first 13 minuets Blake already ate over 260 birds ! (Most of them were pigions) and Blake got full already , but Trod had eating over 580 birds ! So of course , trod won . They have now been flying for 4 days . They were estimated to get there in less then a day … At last , they were ariving dragon city, they were getting exited . Blake saw all the dragons in a land that is covered in stone and fire . Blake was nervous, he has never been together with these much dragons before . 

Trod said “Blake , now I want you to act normal , act like this is your family , and try to make friends.” Blake was still nervous. When they landed , all the dragons came up to Blake and trod , they bowed down , so Blake did too , one of the dragons said “welcome back master. I see you have brought a guest.” Then trod said “yes Iddracron , but he is not just a guest , he will be the secondary head master.” They All bowed down to me , I felt uncomfortable, but none the less , Blake introduced myself, he said “hello ,my name is blake, I am 11 , and I have noticed that I am a dragon for a few days now , so forgive me but I am a bit new to being a dragon ,  I would like to learn from all the dragons here . They all said “yes master Blake” which actually made me feel that I belong somewhere.  I knew this was a biggin of a new life as a dragon … The next day , trod called Iddracron and assigned him to train Blake . Iddracron: Blake , the master has assigned me to train you , so from now on you will call me as master Iddracron . Blake: yes master Iddracron . Iddracron: good . (Iddracron starts by asking Blake if he has had past training, Blake explains to him about how he used to train himself everyday and he described the equipment he used.) Iddracron started to meditate with Blake and he told Blake ” focus on the worst time in your life , re-feel all the emotions that you felt , feel all the hatred and sadness you felt , (Blake remembered the time that his parents abandoned him while shedding tears) 

Iddracron: NOW LET ALL THAT HATRED AND SADNESS OUT WITH A RAGING ROAR ! (Blake roared in such a way that he never roared before , a roar that sounded like as if he was in agonizing pain. Then Blake turned into another bigger form of dragon , a dragon of which was more powerful and more accurate then the other form . Then Blake breathed fire and soon his flames were as big as a whole tower . Iddracron smiled in pride as he viewed the huge flames … 

After they were done training , Trod approached Blake with bad news to share . 

Trod: Blake , I have bad news . there is a clan of raider dragons , lead by a dragon named Arvon who have been threatening us in the past about over running our city and taking our land . Now that they know that we have a new and talented troop , they are demanding that we send you to them and then they will do no harm to us , if we refuse the offer , he will come to our city and start war , it will be a disaster . Blake thought for a moment and said , if you are asking me to leave my clan and my new family , to go and join a clan of dragons who go to all cites and raid them , the answer is no . Trod replied saying , I was hoping you would say that . They both looked at each other and knew what had to be done , thay had to prepare for a war , a war that might end in glory or end in disaster … 

After words , Trod organized a meeting with Arvon . He decided to take Blake with him incase of any trouble . they organized a meeting to be in a meeting hall for dragons . Blake and Trod got to the meeting hall before Arvon did , so they sat and Blake started to view the place , he described it as a very huge room with big tables . Finely , Arvon has arrived , and he bought another dragon with him , while they were approaching us , Trod told Blake that Arvon is the white one and Aygo was the grey one , Blake noticed that both dragons where a bit bigger then him and Trod .

 When Arvon and his helper came , he greeted Blake nicely but didn’t even look at Trod , Arvon said , ok now I assume you have gotten Blake with you so you can save time and give him to me , so I will just take him and we will be on our way , and as promised we will never do any harm to you . Arvon comes to Blake and is about to pull Blake towards him , but Trod stops him and says , No , you will not have Blake , we have come to tell you that we are ready for war , we will not attack you unless you come to our land . in anger Arvon pushed the table aside and was getting redy to attack them but then Trod and Blake avoided the attack and fled to Dragon city , Arvon and Aygo chased them there , but what they didn’t know is that Trod has came up with a plan , since he is so experienced with Arvon , he knew this was going to happen . 

Just before they went to the meeting hall , they assigned some dragons to hide near the gate and to be redy to attack . Just when Trod and Blake got in , Trod ordered the dragons to attack , and the moment Arvon came in , it was not long since he died . Aygo saw this and fled back to her clan to tell them about what happened . All the dragons were celebrating , but as they have to follow the tradition , which was if any dragon was to die , they would have to burn the dragon in a big hole and then burry him , and that’s what he did to Arvon … After Blake and Trod got back home , they discovered that Iddracron was missing . They asked everyone where Iddracron went , but they all said he went to get some fresh air . Blake looked at Trod , and his hole face was pale , Blake asked him what was wrong then Trod said , I think Iddracron is in danger ! 

Blake and Trod went outside to talk , Trod said , I think that Iddracron has been kidnapped , they said that he went outside 3 hours ago , and he still isn’t back , there is not a possibility that he would stay out for 3 hours , we need to find him Blake . Blake thought for a while then he suggested that we arrange a search team to go look for Iddracron at the raiders base , but the people going have to be well trained and had to be the best . Trod then told Blake that Blake cant go , because the raiders might attack . Blake then responded , I think I have the plan … 

Blake: My plan is that we get to be in a mid distance from the raiders clan , then we talk to one another about Iddracron so that some of the dragons in the raiders clan overhear us talking about Iddracron , then we say something like “We all have to go out and look for Iddracron” so that will make the raiders think that we are all going out and look for him . That might make them want to come and attack us , what we will actually do is we are not all going to go out , only some of us will go and hide outside their base , so that when they go out and go to our clan to raid it , the dragons that hid at the raiders base will go in and look for iddracron .

 If we find iddracron , we will free him and send him to our base while he is guarded , then the rest of the dragons will raid the raiders clan base … It was almost time to proceed with the plan , all they had to do is wait for the raiders to move . Blake and Trod were very anxious , and Blake kept thinking of what will happen if they mess up the plan , he was very worried and his heart rate kept rising and rising . Trod sensed what was wrong with Blake and tried comforting him by reassuring him that the plan has a high chance of going according to plan . It was finally time to move Blake watched as every single dragon left their base , when it was time to attack , Blake , Trod , and all the other dragons started moving cautiously incase if there is are any more dragons that didn’t leave , surprisingly , all the dragons went to attack . Now Blake and everyone else started to burn down the base , while looking for Iddracron , suddenly Trod heard Blake scream in terror , everyone rushed to Blake to find that Iddracron was beheaded , and was on his knees strapped on a rod above a pool of blood .

 Blake and Trod untied him from the rod and made a sack out of the cloth that they could find and carried him in it . The moment the put him in the sack , the raiders came in and were surprised , Blake and the others escaped quickly as the raiders came in , and went back to dragon city . When they arrived the found that there was a little bit of destruction done to the village . Trod called everyone to the burial of Iddracron , they dug a hole for Iddracron and made sure the bottom was soft dirt , they put him in and covered him up , and they all said , May you rest in peace Iddracron, son of Burdo . Blake felt vengeance inside him and was ready to destroy all dragons in the raider clan …

 Blake was ready to burn the Raiders into ashes , and was practicing on the special form that Iddracron taught him , now he was thinking of Iddracron’s body more then he thought of his mom and dad because that mattered more then his parents . Trod came to Blake and sat down to talk with him , he said , Blake , if you want to take revenge on the dragons , you will have to do it alone , because none of us are ready to take revenge yet . Blake answered , I will do anything to kill them , even if I will do it alone . and took off to go to the raiders , and before he left he said , if I die , burry me next to Iddracron . then took off … Blake has arrived at the raiders place and was strategizing what he will do , first he thought of making lots of smoke to hide in , then make some beams of fire which will let them know that it is another dragon , then he will burn the dragons that are outside while he is going around the base , then he will transform into the new form and finish off all the dragons that are left . Now he was thinking of where to start . 

He made up his mined that he will start at the front of the base because there are not that many dragons there , and he will end it in the middle of the base ,now it was time to execute the plan . He started with the smoke until the full sky was smoky , and made the beams of light , which were as sharp as a needle , by then some of the dragons hid in there houses that were rebuilt while others flew around the base in fear and when he came to burn the dragons , he saw only half of the population who were still not hiding , he burned them and then let out the biggest and most fearsome roar that he has ever let out , and turned into the new form called the berzerker form and destroyed all the houses and destroyed the whole base . Some dragons were lucky enough to escape the wrath of Blake the Berzerker . 

Blake was finnaly done with the whole village , he has finally eliminated the biggest threat to all dragon clans , after he was finnished , there was a diffrent beam of light , but his time it wasent from blake it was somthing above him , he saw a big blurr but he could fuiger out that it was the same light he saw when he first turned into a dragon , this beam this time was not to turn him into another dragon , but to transform him back into a human . He felt a sharp pearse in his neck which released all his powers , and was transformed back into human . Blake was cunfused and started to look around and his sight started to get blury and then he fanted .

 Whan blake woke up he found himself in his old house that he built in his old village , he was feeling nestalgic and was remembering all the moments he had in this home . No he was ready to live a normal life in his old original home while feeling proud for all of what he has done for dragon city , but he had only one question that could be answerd later on . Why did he turn back to human ?

–END–

