Social Short Story – WATCHING OUT THE TIME

Photo credit: 

 from 

Time was so indifferent with me. I used to stare at the time that may be now it will change. Now everything will become normal. Everything will be fine but at every step of hope ,there was a sound of struggle that says on the face “it will take time”. The eyes also had turned into stones that shows nothing but a dark night as if time had turned into sharp stone hurting me every time. I was observing at that time ,how happy the time was watching me helpless but I was also stubborn. Actually the problem was that my heart was not accepting the defeat. Every time it says in the next step,”Everything will be fine”and thus I start moving on watching out the time.

I have pursued masters in science and used to teach in a private school and teach tuition at home and with that I was also applying for government jobs . My mother says getting a government job means to settle down in life.Thus I also want to settle down in my life and this was the reason I was regularly giving papers. I have passed the written test 5 times but at the interview, all in vain.

Sometimes I felt to not to teach any tuition, not to do anything but to just sit and think and think and think but then it looked that thoughts had also become dull. It will not be wrong to say that thoughts also used to laugh at me.They also say”no need to think ,just relax.”and I just keep on sitting and relaxing.

But then I see children who come for tuition and feel “This is also a life.” These are also the students who at the younger age are struggling continuously to make their future in this competitive market .They are standing and facing the whole world and I, I am a teacher . I can’t give up this way. More over teaching is my passion .Then I feel that my passion and the people who are dependent upon me for their future will never give me chance to break down and Don’t know when all this became my whole world.

And one day suddenly ,a call came and it changed my life .

Today after 30 years ,I am working in a reputed school as a principal. I did not got a government job and I have not applied it for any more but becoming a principal settled me. I have not compromised with life but yes,I changed the definition of getting settle in  my life. After all ,we are the one who make or break the definitions of anything.

Now also I stare at my life but I do not struggle with it rather I think of my past struggles and understand those experiences that made me what I am. sometime it makes me laugh also and some time I feel pity on myself  and some time a regret comes. Today also, I teach tuition . After all teaching is my passion .                                                       Time is so strange to be watched out,when it changes,no one knows.

–END–

