Story of Indian Political System – Ram Chand- As a Leader.

Photo credit: 

 from 

I was at Ram Chand’s  house. Ram Chand was my childhood friend whom I had not met for more than 10 years. I saw him two days before at Tech park. He still remembered my name. We both talked for a while, then after he called me out for lunch at his house. So I went. I was already familiar with his name.  I was excited to share the speciality about his name….  But regrettably before my action was started, I saw the news frequently simulcasting from the television. The news seemed to be most miserable for me. It actually meant….’Death of a Futile leader ‘  ‘Bribed Leader- No more ‘……… Such newscasts were shown in the television bringing tears recklessly from my eyes. My body was unwilling to move. Seeing me in such abnormal state, Ram asked ” Hey, why are your eyes teared up?”  It was a mentally hurting and mortifying question.

I said ” He is my good friend” in my mind. With no words to him,  I moved away from there with grief.

I went to his house where this leader used to live. Tears were scrolling down my cheeks while media covered the door entrance and most part of the hall. They were murmuring that it was a heart attack. Media focus suddenly turned on me. As usually, they covered a complete footage on every step I move towards the body. There were many questions from media regarding the politics. But the question asking with slight voice which heard odd from politics conveyed “Sir, can you please tell us about your view about him from his childhood as a friend?”.

After a few seconds of my meditate, “I would” I said.

“He…………… His birth place was left unrevealed. But he used to live in the adjacent house. Conditions of his surroundings and nature made me understand that he was pretty poor. His mother died during his early childhood where his father was caught for a transgression. Haplessly his father also died in prison due to ill conditions. There were no one to take care about him. He started to live on his own foot. He became a good friend for me. He felt free to do anything including crimes.

He grew bad and bad as he grow old. Crimes were civil but not on other’s life.  He theft many things, robbed, corrupted and also imprisoned. But he did not change. He was Bad-Minded. But only belief in me to remain as a friend was about his good heart. He grew unrestrictedly which made the salient factor of all his badness. But, when he grew older he reduced his crimes but his desire on money increased every minute. He found the best way of making money. That is , POLITICS. He invested some money in politics but he got 1000 times of that in return. If poison is injected to the infected body , it works more effectively. The situation seemed to be like that.

He performed many fake expressions in assemblies. He learnt many bad ideas. His bad mind grew as a microbe growing in immune less body. He seemed to be most contaminated in relationship with politics. His speeches were hats-off. He used to tell that all the speeches were written by his assistant . His assistant played a vital role in violation of laws and corruption along with him ….. Soon, my friend became a fake for himself but true leader for this society. Entire society trusted him as a faithful leader. His crimes were faded away. He made dummy rallies and fraud protests in favour to the society. So this poor people believed him as genuine. Opposition candidates brought many of his crimes as a public issue. But though there was no evidence no one believed them. He continued to be like that…..

One of his opposition made him as a guilty and this fact arrested him. Proving him guilty without evidence and arresting him became a huge issue. Most followers of him committed suicide. Many of them burnt police stations and many other public properties. They protested as peaceful as silent to violent. These algorithms by the people released him, but also loss of hundreds of people. Many families still believed him and were still in favour to him. No one was sad for losing their family members. This melted his heart. Loss of so many people in spite of his crime was not seemed reasonable to him. He was dumbstruck for so many days.

This time… Rahul Patel-his opposition, rose with clean evidence and bribed footages. This worked complete legally. Society was shocked to this unbelievable circumstance. People felt shame for following such a bad leader. Many families were on roads. They started to criticize him. He lost honour in this community. People became rude on him but useless because they already lost there family relations. He became hopeless. At that time the tears in his face were seemed to be real. Rahul Patel used this advantage to rise himself. He served poor, developed his locality and did many things. I was surprised how he got so much money to do such things. By the time of expectation of a change in him he’s no more……….. This is how he became a Futile leader and Rahul Patel a great leader at present. That is all I can tell. Thank You.”

I moved away from there with sorrow eyes. No words to speak, nothing to express .  I was out at the corridor of his house with dull face. A piece of paper  floating in the air from the grills of his room’s window splashed into my face. It seemed to be a letter….—

“I am sorry. I didn’t have any other choice . I tried to express but none believed me. I was speechless for many days. I know how corrupted I was. So I made my mind to change. I couldn’t bear the loss of so many people for me. I have done many crimes still now. But none of them were on other’s lives. Sorry for all what have happened. Still I was not satisfied. So I brought back all the black money I stored in Swizz. I used it in right way this time. I built many buildings, developed many slums and also served for poor. I spent all my money in contribution to the society. This time I did legally.

But, Rahul Patel diverted the name during speeches and registered his name in the hearts of people. Actually all the good he did was not done by him. It is done by me. I tried to express this many times but as I expected no one considered my words. I tried to conduct a open speech about this but later I understood that it will be like a show-off if a do. My dream didn’t come true. So I have decided to destruct myself and I felt it is enough appropriate to prove that Rahul Patel is going to cheat the people more than me. He won’t consider other’s life too. Don’t cheat yourself by electing him. And the reason I am notifying so confidently is, Rahul Patel is my 

 from whom I used to take help.  When I changed myself he did not accept it. His greedy and wish in money was much more and that is why he rose with actual proofs to suppress me. And he did. And now I have committed suicide to prove him that he is a defraud and he’s going to repress everyone. And I guess you all are safe with my decision and I hope that you wont elect him. The nation is in your hand. Be right, always.”

Tears have dried up. I cleanly understood that it is not a heart attack but suicide. To be straight, it is not even a suicide. It is quite indirect murder or a sacrifice for nation. I have not yet decided about this letter either to publish or to keep unknown. I am motionless. I slightly moved my head towards my right and I saw a camera along with camera man pointing towards me. Next, I saw the media attacking on me. So the decision was left to them and it was obvious that they’ll publish.

Soon this news was published the ‘Headlines’ turned into ‘Breaking news’. This time it meant ” Leader is true, A great sacrifice to country” and so on. This telecast regained the faith in the people. They were double shocked. They understood that they should not believe anyone in POLITICS. And also they don’t want a actual futile leader who lead the true leader to death. This was not a simple drawback. This inspired people from all over country. This lead them to take a major decision.

Nevertheless, Rahul Patel was going to face a major punishment,  he was protested by the people to release him. Rahul  was happy for his release but he was unchanged. The decision taken by the people was to suppress him intensely in the public. And they did so rudely which frightened all the leaders all over India. People knocked down him in the public. Police did not arrest anyone because his death was in public. Many political leaders resigned after this movement which meant that they were illegal before. Many leaders changed too. Leaders who don’t want to change was removed from the parties. Leaders understood the power of the people which was missing from the time of India’s democracy.

India’s future in not in any political parties. It is in our hands. By now India is in least political condition. So the choice is ours and left to people. In India, people’s opinion is considered, not their action. People are superior in India. They have the real powers. So use your powers. India should come forward and choose a true leader………

By the way the speciality about that name which I was to express was, Even this sacrificed leader name was  

.

__END__

