Real Face of Life – Tale of a writer

Photo credit: 

 from 

Early morning…the alarm starts loudly…he(main character) wake up with sleepy eyes..we can call him as the name’john’..oh god time is too late…how can i catch the train he said..he will finish his morning activities fastly..and dressed up fastly…then quickly ran away from his flat…finally he catchs the train…he is little tired and swept falls from his forehead..he got an seat and after the relax breathing..he would looking outside the train’s window…many peoples,childrens,old peoples..etc. The city has to be busy in the early morning also…there is no more explantion about the john..he is an average men worked in an company as engineer…he sees the outside beauty of the nature through the window..he is slowly falls into dreaming..back to the memories in his life..his family,hometown,friends…what an memorable days…he was so happy to think about the memorble moments in his life…he got more supports from his family,friends.. to study well..but he is not interested in studies..his dream is to became an good artist….but the situations forced him to study the engineering…but the dream is just hide in his heart only… He completed his engg graduation..and he got an good job..but his artistic skills never ends…he watched all the incidents in the sorroundings.. He detaily noticed in the diary…every day he noticed the incidents…finally he build up an story…the real life situations..he think about the memories in his life….after the long time’s hard working he finished the story….today he is going to attend the “best story writer award” ceremony..we think that he is ran to the office..but the reality is another…punctuality is very less in his life..so today also he behaves like very lazy…because he is not happy with his job…He keeps all the memories in his heart..so beautiful memories never ends…. Time rans fastly..the train is just reaches an station..he is wake up from the dreams… And he is fastly left from the train… He is finally reached at the award ceremony.The function is starts early so he could not get the front row seat..he sat at the back row … He was so tensed..He do not except the award..at the climax chief guest announced the name “john c.k”….. He is excited much.. And receive the award with shearing hands.. He feels very happy…then he return back to his flat. There is an surprise waiting for him. The neighbours and friends gives more appreciations and gift to him.Because he is famous from today.now john c.k is not an engineer he is an good writer also..but he doesn’t fall in appreciations.He just noticed the daily incidents in the life. We can wait for an good story of john c.k

