Story of WAR AND PEACE

(Note: Image does not illustrate or has any resemblance with characters depicted in the story)

Photo credit: 

 from 

I know life is not peaceful. Everywhere it is like a war situation. I found it few years back that this situation is coming from years and years without any change.

I want to admit the boy in the school, there is war and the clerk in the counter says to last soldiers, “Please come tomorrow sir, the applications are over. We have to get more from the press tomorrow.”

“Tell me the name of the press, we will get the applications directly from there. Then your transport expenses will be saved.” Somebody asked politely.

The clerk is angry and he looked at him with disgust.

“Don’t you want us to live? If you take application forms from the press, the management will think that my job will be useless and they will ask me to go home. So I request you, better you go home now and come tomorrow, I will give my first copy of application to you.” The clerk said.

I am a defeated soldier. I want to purchase a milk card. There is also the war. I am fed up to participate in the war, so I stood aside to see when the war will be ended. But I am intimated that the cards are ended and so no more milk cards will be supplied for this month. Those who could not get the milk cards are requested to give their phone numbers in separate application, they will be intimated as soon as the cards are ready. Again war and thousands of applications are given with such phone numbers and all these papers are in dustbins the next minute. No one knows when the war will stop.

I am an above middle class man, so I can go by bus to my office. All the bellow middle class people have their own two-wheeler and other vehicles, some even four-wheeler also. I am perfect above middle class man, so I have to go by bus only. Again I am made to be a soldier and catch some bus to reach office in time. If I fail, my officer looks at me as if asking that if you cannot travel in City Buses properly, how can you live and drag your family all your life in the ever existing wars of life. The looks look like the guns to shoot straight in the heart. Then you have to feel like beheaded without mercy.

What I mean to say that I am a soldier in the wars of life and I am ready to face any war any time. I like to be a real fighter and fighting has taught me so much.

FIGHT and FIGHT so that the fight recognizes you well and it will make you stand first in the row of fighters, because “first fight” soldiers only get their things first with less fight.

I sat in a restaurant and started fighting with the supplier, “I am waiting for coffee from half an hour, what you suppliers are doing here? Are you dancing and laughing?”

Immediately coffee is before me and the supplier told with respect, “I am sorry, I did not think that you are a middle class gentleman, so the late was made inevitable. I am extremely sorry sir.”

I am calm and I don’t want to show again that I am a middle class gentleman with no patience.

I have finished my coffee and waited to see some people at the counter paying the bill, so that I can show my war techniques. Unfortunately, I could not find the situation, so paid the bill without any charm and came out of the restaurant.

As I came out of the restaurant, I saw people in crowd on the road. I ran to see what happened.

A man is in the pool of blood. A vehicle hit and ran away. People are looking at him and nobody is doing anything to help him. I found that he is our manager in his fifty. I managed him to sit in an auto and got him admitted in the hospital saying that I am his colleague..

His family members came to hospital and the doctors said that the wound is severe and they do their best to save him.

I sat with him all the time in leisure as he is like my father. He is becoming weaker day by day.

One day he said to me with tears in his eyes.

“I will die soon. I am not worried. As you know, we are all like soldiers in the war of life. In the war, some soldiers will be left with life, but some wounds or bodily disabilities are inevitable. These things are the reminiscence of the war. These will help recall the past. Unfortunately, we do not have such things in the war of life.”

I am looking at him, thinking what he intended to say.

“Man is social animal. But he forgets the fact and he behaves as real animal. Somebody hit me and as I am in the pool of blood, ready to die, either the man who hit me or nearby people who are looking at me did nothing. It is my luck, pure luck that you came and you saw me, I am in the need of HUMAN help. You did your HELP a human action, by which I am brought to the hospital. I am now on the edge of my life and thinking to jump to either this side or that side.”

I am very seriously looking at my manager, with some doubt. He said in his weak voice.

“Can you tell me, why this war is needed in life? Can you tell me why the sweet life is to be made as war?”

I am unable to answer. This war is not a newly emerged thing in the life.

I thought war is made as a must as people are running after standing first. MAN IS INSECURE OF SECURED THINGS ALSO. In this unhealthy open competition of security where no gift is given, people are ready to fight with each other in securing what they need. No one is declared the winner, yet this competition continues.

As I looked as if I am unable to answer his question, my manager himself answered.

“War is there until men think that their freedom or their part of their sharer is looted. So they are mad and more savage to have their part of “SHARE” without being looted. Until people know that they are not looted by his fellow citizen, but only by some intrigued political leaders, this war never ends.”

I am now looking at him as if I understood something very serious.

He looked at me peacefully. He told me what he loved to say to someone who is like him fighting these wars.

“I am now at the edge of this unnamed war. I am late to know that this war ends at one point. Now I reached at that point, the point where I have to prefer either war or peace. Now, let me have peace, my friend.”

He said as his last statement as life’s crucial testament.

Now I am seriously thinking how the WARS HAVE COME IN TO EXISENCE and how the PERMANENT PEACE WITH NO WARS BE POSIBLE.

__END__

