A letter from humble television as it departs from this world

Photo credit: 

 from 

People imagine me a source of entertainment, as a source of information and many now as a source of liability. What if you were to look at how I feel? Let me share my side of story with you.

Ever since Marconi invented me I have evolved. I used to look pregnant with the Cathode Ray Tube but now I am slim – the way I wanted to be. But has my world changed. Of course it has. I required a large space; now I can be hanged. Sometimes being hanged is a good thing right? J. Yes, it is; it’s a very good this way. By the way I am not just hanged but I am also electrified. I hate when people electrify me when they are not watching.

Television, I don’t know why my name was coined so; but what I understand is that when I came to your house I was welcomed. Your mother applied vermilion on my forehead. Pooja was performed. I was placed on the most beautiful perch in your home. You adored me as if you found the entire world. The expression was akin to the feeling when people find their love. You ran around me cheering and screaming. You watched me the entire night. I am also thankful to you. You helped me find my first love – Radio. She too has matured. With time we have come to realise that we are one and not two. When you play me you can hear her and when you play her you can see me. I realized our unity after being together and not talking to each other for decades. Now I know you have lot of my siblings. You have the ever clinging ipad, iphones, smartphones and other smart devices. Sometimes I hate them; they took away my job and made me redundant.

As I write this; I want to tell how the life been on my side. I used to be an object of admiration. People used to love when I used to dance, sing, cry and reflect. But with time; I have been made an object of neglect. You now have the next generation computers, smartphones and other devices that I have to compete with. They are not only fast but are more capable. But I ask you do I get nothing after serving you all these years. Am I to be thrown away just like a trash? , may be its not right. But this is how life is I guess.

I have seen my viewers change over time. I used to relay everything that was available to you through the unsophisticated antenna. Now I have special crutches like the Dish TV that support me as I have grown old and continue to be revived. I taught you how to sing, dance, love, make jokes. I taught you how to cook, how to be a good detective and what not. I have seen you go to school and come back. I have seen you sleep when I was still awake. I have seen you smile and laugh at me. Literally I gave you access to the world when global mobility was not a common place. I took you to the yester years through serials like 

 and 

. I taught you that you should not believe what you see with serials like 

. I taught you what a detective does through 

. I showed you the possibilities through cricket matches, through movies and news.

But as I go to the trenches and to the unknown world I need to tell you certain things; I have been superseded by my cousins as I said earlier; they are fast and capable but at the same time if you do not stop them; you will be carried away. I used to provide you with limited view; they have capability to provide you with the extremes that you would not have imagined. Remember, you bought me to serve you. Many a time we say that it is the age where the person who serves not only serves but also provides directions. Yes my siblings provide you direction but you have to remember; they do not have conscience. They do not take decisions; but you do have the ability to take away your conscience. Be aware of what you watch; because what you watch on my siblings will make you think and make you do which you would have not wanted to do.

Though I had options; I was a controlled kid. I was allowed to play only certain plays. My siblings are unrestricted kids. They come with intelligence and independence which even our parents are unable to control. Their Parents are still discovering the intelligence that they would require, to attain the maturity to control the kids. The other day I heard a revolution was planned in country with help of my siblings. I have heard people do unimaginable things with the help of my siblings both negative and positive.

Your parents used to shut me up when you had your exams; I was packed and kept somewhere in the corner of the room for your study. I used to oblige and sit quietly until your exams are done. My siblings would not do that. They are many and it will be difficult for you to catch hold of all of them and put them down. It is also difficult for you to catch them because they have got into you; you cannot connect with your friends without them; you cannot work or study without them. You have become dependent on them. I have heard some of my siblings are also helping you count your steps. Why on earth will you count your steps? Seems ridiculous, isn’t it? But I know people who are dependent on my siblings would not feel anything ridiculous. For them ridiculous would the norm and the norm would be ridiculous. The world seems to be changing upside down. I have seen some of your friends doing extreme stuff and uploading the videos and photos on youtube, facebook and the likes and yes just for the “Likes”. Well I understand, you can make money on these platforms – but why go to the extreme. As I say, maybe I have grown old and do not understand that for survival you have to do extremes I guess.

Let me also write about the good aspects of my siblings. They are now so evolved that I cannot keep a track of their capability. I recently heard my sibling is helping you drive a car, find directions, I have also heard they are helping you be fit by teaching exercise; waking you up in the morning. I understand you are so found of my sibling that you carry him with you everyday. You show him your girlfriend, you kiss my sibling when you see your girlfriend in him. My sibling helps you find restaurant for you, the coolest place and the hottest place. My sibling has everything you need.

I understand why you do not need my service. I understand you do not want to even see me after all these years I have served you. But that is how I guess life is. You retire after a time. I thought I did not had a retirement age the way you do; but I guess I was wrong. There was an unwritten retirement age in our contract. I used to think that the warranty mentioned in my kundali was the only 

. I thought if I surpassed my 

 I would survive and be employed forever. But I realized this is not the case. I know I will be crushed in some electronic factory and there will not be any grave for me like the one that you would have. So in that sense, you are quite lucky. You will have people crying for you. I know when I depart; there will be no one to see me depart leave aside the emotional aspect.

You see, after you moved on to my siblings; my broadcaster also betrayed me. The advertisers who used to support my broadcasters left. I understood you were the whole world for me. I understood that it was because of you that I was born and alive and maybe I would depart also because of you. But I am strong; you do not worry. Seeing you get emotional so many times I have understood emotion is just a feeling which goes away with time. I am sure you do not remember why you cried for the first time or why you laughed for the first time. And yes you will also not remember that I ever existed after some years. But I will remember that I existed only for you.

I want to tell this to you as I depart from your place. I have been always the way as you wanted me to be. I played the songs you wanted; when you were sad I played the songs that would soothe you; when you were happy; I played the songs that lifted you higher. My siblings would also be the same. After all we carry the same DNA. We will be there with you always the way you want to be. We do not have intelligence and conscience but you do. Without intelligence and conscience we tried to make your life happier. I must admit you might have also seen the wrong things in me – but as I said I was always the way you wanted to. I did cause you trouble sometimes but I corrected myself when you hit me or corrected me by a screwdriver.

But remember you do not have that luxury; no one will hit you or correct you with a screw driver. You can make use of my siblings the way you want. I always believed that I spread happiness whenever you are with me. So wish I could tell this to you that wherever you go whoever you become – please spread happiness whenever someone interacts with you. That will give your life a meaning the way it has given me.

You have conscience you could make a good use of that; you can not only make the person who interacts with you happy; but also make the whole universe happy.

As I depart, I do not blame anyone neither you, nor broadcasters or the advertisers. Life has a reason for each of us. I had a reason – it was you. I definitely know you too have a reason; it should be someone else. During your time; many people will watch you; but there would be that one special person who will watch you for life. This special person would want to smile, cry and laugh with you the way you did with me. They call this special feeling as love. I unfortunately understood that you were that special person when I am about to depart. But you will be lucky; you will know that special person well in advance. You can make the best of her; make her happy. But remember your time will come as has mine. You will also depart as I am being departed. But do not worry; I am sure you would have played your part by then.

One difference that works in your favor is that I wither away too early; while you and your special person in most probability will be together for the life time; but you never know what life has in store for you. I will tell you this secret today; I lived a healthy life completed my entire tenure of service and departing happily because I never expected anything. I always thought I should give back. Do give back you will lead a happier life.

Good luck as you find your love.

 

Always your’s

Your humble television

P.S. Please switch me off when you are not watching

–END–

