Suspense Short Story – An Illutious Escape

Photo credit: 

 from 

It was 8 a.m now. Meena was hurry in dressing-up her 5yr old to catch her school van in another 10 minutes. But her toddler was not coping up with Meena. It was a hectic moment everyday for Meena to get her child to pickup school van daily. After she sent her child to school by waving bye….She got into her home and made her comfortable in the nearby cushion and relaxed. After few seconds she took the daily news paper and read the news. Now as she came to third page she was shocked to see the news that a 10 yr old girl was allegedly raped and was hung around the tree naked. She was shocked and taken a back for few seconds.

Now her thoughts swung around her 5 yr old Shwetha. A cute and Sweet little girl. She was so cute that anyone will admire her in few seconds. Also she had cute little bright black eyes that would magnetically attract any one to her. So Meena was thinking about her future of security after losing her Father last year. With a great burden on her shoulders she kept the newspaper aside and went to do her daily chores to get ready to go to her office.

To go to her office in Perambur she has to catch-up the local electric train and then she should walk a kilometre to her office.Though she was a Manager there she lived a simple life to make savings for her child’s future and for that purpose only she didn’t even buy a car,because she feared of the fuel price hike. After she entered her office she greeted her colleagues and went to occupy her room,at that time her phone rang. She casually picked it up and said hello! Good Morning! Who is this?

On the Other End the With a grinning and cunning Voice a man answered… Is This Meena the Manager of HD bank Perambur.

Ya she replied.

Where is Your daughter? the man asked her.

with a weak voice she said she went to school and who r u and y r u asking this to me?

the man got angry replied, “don’t ask this type of nonsense questions and this is my demand bring Rs.30 lacs to the address that I will tell you later to safely bring home your child. Or else I will do whatever I want with her and will kill her. And remember don’t do any heroinesm to save your child by getting help from police or any other” and now the line was disconnected.

She was shocked and put down her cell and was completely disturbed. After a few seconds she came to an idea to confirm that her child was in school by calling to her school.

Though her call ring was ring ring… it was dhic dhic.. for her. When the school principal picked the phone. Meena with a panic in her voice enquired about her daughter and after few seconds he replied Shwetha was not in her class and was absent. She was shocked and forgot to speak. The call ended.

Time ticked on…

After some time when the door flung open, Meena came to her senses.

It was Priya,the bank’s cashier who asked her excuse for coming late and wanted her review the reports about the sites they had visited last week and wanted to confirm it for loan transaction. But Meena kept it aside and told her to come later.

Priya understood the mood of Meena and asked her the reason.

After pesting her Meena replied and told the whole story and started to cry…

Now Priya persuaded her and gave her an idea to meet up Mr.Kumar her hubby and an CBI officer to deal with this case.And enquired her balance in her account.

Meena replied she had exactly 35 lacs in her account that she has been saving from her childhood.

Now Priya paused a while and said to draw the demanded amount from her account.

Now Priya kept two identical black bags before Meena and said ????????

After their conversation. They both turned to their work and now the clock struck at 12 pm.

Meena phone started to ring now.

She picked up hastily and answered it.But it was a loan promotion call and she dropped the call.

Now again her phone rang and it was Mr.Kumar and he said that they doesn’t need any police help and he will handle this case in solo,and she replied to him and ended the call.

At sharp 1 pm a call came from an unknown number.She picked it up and then Shweta shouted amma…amma.. and now kidnapper again threatened her and gave the address to which she should bring the money and again he warned her about the time.

She then called Priya and informed her about that previous call and said she was asked to bring the money around 12.30 am and the location was near mambalam station.

Now Priya immediately informed this to her hubby and both were very tensed, Mr.Kumar only persuaded them.

After their office hours they went to Mr. Kumar residence which was near mambalam station and stayed their till 11:30pm. Now again her phone rang and Kumar said her to pick up and extend the conversation till they track the exact location.Now the kidnapper replied that he has changed the location to thiruvarur and and said her to come there. It was a OMG problem for Chennai people to go from Mambalam to Thiruvarur. Because it takes 1 hr by electric train and 2 hr by car to that location.

The only way to get to that location is that by metro train that was introduced last week. It will take only 30 mins to reach there. Now it was already 11:32pm They rushed to the nearby station and departed Meena and her money singly in one compartment and they both took their seats in other compartment such that they can listen to the conversation what was going on in Meena’s compartment . It was 11:54pm now,a gang flung in to the compartment Meena was sitting. They were drunk and they sat near Meena and start commenting her and harassed her with bad words that cannot be used to speak to a woman.

For Meena it was a most embarrassing situation and when she tried to call Kumar. Her mind struck that kidnapper would be watching her. So kept calm and turned aside to the window. But one of the man started to tickle her in her hip. She was panicked and started to shout. But in no Vain the Train sound and the nearby gang sound did not let her sound to come out. Now the gang tried to sexually harass her. So she tried hard and wanted to get out of it. So when the station came she just pushed that rascals aside and ran hard as fast as she can by forgetting her bag in that train. But by god’s grace Priya noticed the bag and picked it up and ran after Kumar to save Meena.

She ran ran… and reached a dirty half built apartment and she hided besides an room under wooden box. A man with Big Moustache found her and yelled others to come and he caught Meena’s legs and to help others to enjoy her. Now Meena was Helpless she shouted and shouted it was in vain. So she came to a decision. When a man approached her she gave a strong kick under his stomach and struck him at his neck with the knife that she has stealthily took from nearby and started to stab others and she stabbed cruelly on their neck and their men’s mark without knowing what to do. After it she ran as fast as she could and collided with Priya. Now both searched for Mr. Kumar and they found him there nearby searching for Meena and they Three ran to the spot indicated because it was already 12:15am and still they need to go a kilometer a head to reach the spot on time.

As they reached the spot on 12:29:50 am.The street mentioned was calm and no one was there except barking dog’s and some mentally challenged on roadside. So as the threesome were waiting for the man to arrive. Now the clock ticked on 12:30 am and Meena was surprised to see a white Sumo approaching them. She signaled both of them to hide.Sumo went nearby Meena and turned right to go to next street. After Sumo passed them silently. Meena was even more tensed about her child and about the kidnapper, how he will be. By then Meena heard her child’s shout and When Meena turned to the yell of her child she was shocked to see that Mr. Kumar was pointing a Gun at Shweta head with Priya. Now Mr.Kumar shouted ..

Meenaji Please give your money to us or else we’ll kill your child.

Meena stood as a statue and didn’t shudder a bit and after Shweta shouted amma,she came back to her senses and said to Priya that she was not loyal to her. But Priya replied that Meena was honest in her work and she shouted at her one time at public in bank when she audited less amount from actual amount, that she has stolen. So she needed to take a revenge and she did like this,also she said Mr.Kumar was a criminal and not an CBI officer.She said like that only to avoid Meena to go to police.

Now Meena enquired how he called me when he was at her presence and Priya replied that the calls were given by already stored voice messages for few seconds and that was how they threatened her. Now Mr.Kumar again shouted her to give them the money or-else he will kill Shweta in a terrific voice that was similar to that kidnapper voice. Now Meena realized the over all situation and said boldly to give them her child first and then she’ll throw the money bag.But they said to throw the money bag first.

After passing a set of heated arguments they came to an agreement to throw the bag and send the child at same time.Meena now turned to Shweta and winked her eyes. So when Shweta started to move Meena threw the bag which shweta caught and ran hastily to her mother who was running towards her and both cuddled each other and fell down twisted turned and turned to avoid Mr.Kumar Bullets to pierce them.But unfortunately a bullet struck Meena back shoulder and now she twisted and curled with pain and when she let Shweta to escape with money . Kumar approached her and shouted stupid women and tried to shoot.He had only two bullets.

Immediately Meena and Kumar were fighting to shoot each other.When accidentally both shoot at Priya who was running behind Shweta for Money. Now Kumar was panicked and Immediately approached Priya to rush her to the hospital. Meena thought this was the right time and turned to run back to shweta and both ran as far as they could and Meena fell down and went to unconsciousness due to her run all day in search of her daughter and now she heard the sound of her child amma wake-up wake-up… It’s late for me to school.It’s 7am now.Please wake up.

She was confused why her child was shouting like this at that time  and then she tried to open her eyes slowly and found that she was in her bed and it was all a very very bad dream.That she had dreamt all night. Most importantly it was 7 am now and she had merely one hour to get her child go to school.

All My Dear Ladies and my dear girls please follow all this below information  for your security reasons-

When you travel By train On day or night Don’t get into the compartment with less passengers. Always travel in compartment with rush.

When you travel by auto rickshaws in solo just note down the vehicle number after telling your destination get into auto and start a phone call to your family member and talk continuously about your way home till you reach home by continuously checking whether rickshaw is going on correct way only.

Also in railway stations and bus stops stay near a family or near a group of women. Don’t stand alone

When you have a situation to walk alone on night don’t walk by putting your head down and walk boldly and don’t give your hear to unnecessary comments by glaring them and just walk like you didn’t hear anything.If you have fear please again gain the help of your cell phone.

There is no one to help you other than yourself. So Know your limits of freedom accordingly and help yourselves and be bold always. Don’t get panicked.

 

Thank You.

__END__

