Teenage Story – Wake Me Up

Photo credit: 

 from 

Sometimes I question why I was put on earth. Was I actually meant to be on here? A few days ago, I was asleep, I had my eyes closed and i  simply acted stupid. They told me I was to young to understand that everyone was put on earth for a purpose but really, I wasn’t to young. I learned the biggest lesson of my life. My life would have been over if i didn’t open up my eyes, but that would have been fine by me. I was young and stupid at the time, I was only 10, but I was acting like a 7 year old.

Chapter One: Problems

My loved ones weren’t on earth with me and I felt more deserted than ever! All my friends were leaving me just for love. I wan’t afraid to close my eyes. Life is a game, it’s made for everyone, but for some people love is the only prize. I was alone in a dark corner of the universe. I’m usually all rainbows and sunshine. But today, I was lost, I was just a spec of dust for everyone. I even felt like one. I tried carrying the weight of this with my hands but i’m only ten. I tried to be strong, but I was to young.

Chapter 2 : WHAT?!

At the moment I was fine, i was a typical girl named Alyssa, I obviously liked this boy,but i found something out… He didn’t like me! I felt like my heart dropped and fell into boiling water, were it dissolved. All this time I was being stupid, why did i like?! I was too young, that wasn’t necessary. Or was it? No it wasn’t, i figured that out by myself, it’s not like i could ask a friend.. I didn’t have any. I had no family, i had no pet, and I didn’t know my neighbors. All i had was myself and my butler along with my 4 story house but that didn’t make any difference, there was no one there for me no one.

Chapter 3 : No one.

It was official i had absolutely NO ONE. Not even a plant or a bug to talk to. All i had is my diary, I saw my grandmother as a ghost from heaven, but i never saw my mom, she hated me, she didn’t want me when i was born, my dad was Hooked on drugs ,my brothers and sisters died in a car accident and my grandfather died from cancer and i haven’t seen him as a ghost I hadn’t seen my grandmother in a few months. I had absolutely no one not even germs because i put on germ- ex every 10 seconds.

Chapter 4: What do i do?

What should I do? What could i do?Should i… No… SHOULD I COMMIT SUICIDE? Yeah, I wasn’t put on earth for anything, just to take a dark corner in the universe. I could drown myself. No that’s to complicated. I KNOW! i have 4 story building,  the next day at school i told some girl i knew named Jessica, we weren’t really friends though. I told her, for once i though i had someone, she said that she would be crying  and that she would be friendless… Did she consider me as a friend? I still had to commit, she helped me many times but i still had to do it, i was more stubborn than a mole, I was at home, I was ready there was no stopping me, I went to the fourth floor but the butler was in the room with the window. I went to the third floor but the window wouldn’t open…

Chapter 5: Bye.

The second floor was alone it was kind of high but i had no other choice, i opened the window, “STOP!” I heard, Jessica was there! I was about to run back and hug her!But i fell out! Jessica screamed. that was the last thing i heard. I closed my eyes and i saw a white blur in a  black scene. I followed it. Soon, I woke up, my whole body hurt! The first thing i saw was Jessica, My peepy blonde friend. I COULDN’T MOVE! I tried to talk but Jessica just said “Shh, don’t talk, you’re in a full body cast” Like i didn’t notice. I was covered in white bandages.I looked like a mummy. Jessica said I broke all my bones and i had a purple eye and i fractured my skull and that i was lucky i survived because according to the doctors in the hospital , if the bone that i fractured moved a little more it would have been inside my brain and i would have passed away.

Chapter 6: Popularity

I was greeted with a great big party organized by my now best friend Jessica at school, I became popular and had a wonderful life, I still missed my family but i saw their ghost every day. I had a lot of best friends but the one i will never forget will be Jessica. She was there even in the hardest Moments. I learned that i was put on earth to be loved not to love.

__END__

