“This story which you’re about to read is the struggle of a misfit and its attempt to fit into the society. Misfit here is anyone who is not normal according to our beloved society, it includes out of shape individual, people with a dark complexion or the poor or anyone who doesn’t fit in the society.

If you are a misfit, having any of the quality stated above then you must have experienced the things I have experienced.”

Hey,

I am a college student, poor, a misfit and a teen with lots of dream and responsibilities in mind.

Now if you’ll portrait me I have short hairs, tall very skinny, I have no fat there’s just skin and bone. Also I have a dark complexion. Though my mom says I have a sweet and innocent face, so you’ll have to agree on that because moms are never wrong. Well this is all me, not so attractive I know and definitely not who with whom you want to be a friend with at first.

One of the common thing that you’ll have to face if you have a dark complexion is the racist behavior from friends, people you don’t even know and even family.

One of the interesting thing is that you’ll experience racist behavior even at the age when you don’t even know what racism is. When I was a kid like 5-6 year old, we used to live in a joint family in a small town in Uttar Pradesh. At that time I didn’t knew why I was discriminated over my cousins and scolded for no reason by my grandmother. But now I know why! Because I had a dark complexion and my cousins had a fair complexion. Though it didn’t effects me much now, and now when I look back at memories like this it just puts a smile on my face, thinking about how badly I ignored all those comments and did what I wanted, I wish I can still solve all the problem like how I used to do when I was 5. I just want to be 5 again and I guess everyone do!

Sometime. I just want to return to my school days!

School days were the best ain’t it?

The friends you make in school are the truest friends you’ll ever get in your life, so never lose any!

The reason why school friends remains the most loyal and supportive is that in school days friends are made irrespective of the race, caste and financial status.

I went to a central school in Delhi and I completed my whole schooling there. I was an intelligent student and had a lot of friend upto X class.

After X, each student had to face the toughest decision of their career, about which stream to choose Science, Commerce or Arts.

Most of my friends didn’t scored enough CGPA so they had only one option to take arts. I scored 9.2 CGPA, so you must be thinking even I had three options available. See in most families parents will give you only two choices if you get good marks, Science or Commerce.

Though I had a goal set and I knew that I am gonna do something in biology stream so I took science with biology but due to my parents interference I was forced to choose math as well as an additional subject.

Just when my XI class was going to start my grandfather expired, I had to get back to my hometown where I had so many memories. My grandfather always loved me and we shared so many memories together so his passing away lead to a mental breakdown in me.

When I came back to delhi to resume my education, I was 1 month behind everybody. When I first entered my classroom after 1 month there were new faces, some familiar faces and some familiar but unacquainted faces.

My classroom was divided into two groups, one which was considered to be cool group having good looking peoples in it and the other which was the uncool one having not so good looking and some ugly ones too!

The cool group had the right to insult the members of uncool group and no one in the uncool group had the right to even respond to them cause if they did that person will become the main target of the whole cool group.

I was a part of uncool group and to be honest all the fun you’ll have in your school life is after being in this group. In cool group, there was hatred, jealously and negativity between them even though they used they show as if everything was just fine. Everyday, there were fights between them then they starts ignoring each other. It was quiet funny for everyone other in the class and especially when they made comments on each other.

In the uncool group there was no such happenings, if there were clashes between any two individual they used to settle it right by abusing each other and there were no serious thing in the uncool group. We mostly used to ignore the cool group as if they didn’t even exist.

There was fun, happiness and all the madness in the uncool group which was supposed to be uncool and there was hatred, jealously and insulting comments in the cool group which was supposed to be cool.

After the 11th class was completed, the cool group was unfortunately broken most of it’s member failed to pass 11th class. As a result, 12th class had no group and for me it was the best year of my school days.

There were friendships all around love as well and there was certainly no scope for negativity. Though I concentrated more on my studies and not on making true friends. And if you’d ask about my love life, I had no business with it I was one of the person which people calls with the word which starts with “C” and ends with “A”. Now, I don’t think so that I need to elaborate that!

Months passed boards exams came closer and closer, everyone was feeling the pressure and there was a sorrow that our school life was going to end soon!

As the countdown began, and months period turned into weeks and days the love and the bond between us became very strong.

I still remember the last day of school, when everyone promised to stay in touch, some were busy in taking pictures of theirs wearing school uniform for the one last time and some even cried. Everyone so happy, but somewhere deep inside everyone knew that none of the thing we promised is going to happen!

And finally the exams came, we became so busy that even we didn’t talked to each other during exams. Actually my other friends did but I was very busy with my studies.

And this hard-work paid off as I scored 96% in board exam and scored second highest in my class!

After 12th most student face a very difficult situation once again, to select a course to get into. For me it was very easy, I always wanted to do B Sc in Microbiology. And therefore, I took admission in Ramjas College, DU.

For me getting into college was easy but surviving in it was way to hard!

On 8th July 2015, it was the first day of me in college. I was pretty excited and a lot of thing was going through in my mind that day. I was happy to meet new people, to get a new start to my life and I also had the opportunity to create a new point of view of others for me!

Unlike schools, colleges have four types of groups actually they are just those same groups which have been evolved and further differentiated.

Here also, there’s a cool group which have all the extreme rich peoples in it and this is actually cool because they do all the parties, hangouts and all the fun!

The second group is of rich peoples but they are not as rich as compared to the people in first group. And they spend most of their time getting jealous from the first group and these people sets a rivalry.

Third group is the average group they don’t do much things they are average in all aspects!

Fourth group is the “Don’t give a damn” group, and it is a all boys group they don’t care whatever is happening in the college and you won’t ever find them in classrooms, unless there’s a exam or important practical.

Interestingly, I became a part of the cool group in the start of my college which didn’t turned out to be a good decision later on. In the start it was quiet fun hanging out with everyone and I made a bunch of friends.

But as time passed by and they started going out somewhere or for a party I had to say no to them because I didn’t had the money to go out with them. And it was also very hard for me to say no to them, I was ashamed of saying that I don’t have money so I used to make excuses. Because of this I started losing friends one by one, they thought I am rude, I have attitude and what not. I was helpless, alone had no one to whom I could explain what my condition is.

The worst part began when everyone started to ignore me and made me feel like I don’t belong to their group. The only thing that kept me up was a friend, whom I considered to be my best friend. I used to tell her the whole summary of my day everyday and she used to listen, we shared some very beautiful memories. But there was not everything right between us, every time when I was with her I used to feel that there was something wrong.

I was confirmed that somethings definitely wrong when we were hanging out somewhere when we were clicking pictures, she took photos with everyone but not with me at first I thought she must have forgotten it. But a few days later when it was one of our friends birthday and I asked her for a photograph she refused and made a reaction that I wasn’t expecting. I didn’t said anything to her at that time but that reaction said it all, just like everyone else she was also afraid of being friends with me because I am a misfit!

From that day onward, that one last friendship also broke and it was the most hurtful. Racism from the people we don’t know doesn’t hurts at all, but from friends and family it is the most hurtful!

Years went on semesters passed by, I concentrated on studies and started spending most of the time in college with the misfits like me! I learned to ignore these comments and not to hold on to these things which once effected me!

–END–

