My name is Abraham Grome. I joined Graber four years ago and have since been working alone. Payment comes through the mail and so far, I didnt have any problems.

So far, atleast. But two days ago, my problems began. What do I do, when I succeed? Graber didnt give me any contact information and I live far away  from their headquarters in Rechastaad. No one is visiting me and I am currently hiding in my basement. 

So, why am I writing this? It could end my career, or even, from what I had heard about Graber, my life, if this should come out. And that is why I feel comfortable writing this under this amount of possible danger. I do not think, I can survive.

So, let us begin at the beginning: How I got employed by Graber and what purpose my work serves?

About five years ago, my former employer, Nermen, fired me. After that, I developed interest in Grabers research. They published multiple articles on paralelity of realities. Of course, I was interested, Nermer only studied to advance the usage of Y-Gas, wich is important, yes, but really boring after eight years.

I still dont know, how Graber found out my contact information, but I didnt question it, when they sent me a letter. I was in. But with this letter, I also found out, what else Graber does. Creating things from other realities. Things that dont exist in our reality. It is supposed to set the first step to seeing into them, or even travelling between them.

Enclosed was their own research on the topic. Materials and equipment came in to my address during the next few weeks. It was like a dream come true. 

The method, I should use, worked like this: A huge machine sends chemicals to different heights of a reality. After that, the chemicals get transported back. They are really reactive, so I can recreate the material, they came in contact with. This process repeats itself, until a complete object can be recreated.

For a long time, nothing happened, some rocks were recreated, some minerals, mostly plants. I investigated them and ran a new test everytime I was finished. But about a week ago, an organism was discovered by the machine. It must have been dead, because the process takes a long time. It comes close to a miracle, that my machine colud read all the details before it begins to rot.

I was excited. An actual, living creature from another reality. It looked harmless from the prints the machine gave me, so I didnt worry, it actually looked very much like a regular dog, but with stronger acids in its stomach and a longer snout with slightly bigger and stronger teeth. But it was dead, after all. However dangerous it might be, it wont come back to life.

Or so I thought.

You see, Grabers machine runs on very much energy, powered by a huge amount of Y-Gas. And when the creature was recreated, it caught a shock, wich caused its heart to start beating again.

Probably scared by its surroundings, it ran wild, destroying some of my research data, before I woke up from the noise. It didnt take much time for me to figure out, what happened, as that thing already caught my smell and ran up the stairs to my room. When I opened the door, it jumped towards me, wich I instinctively dodged. But doing so brought me out of balance, so I held on to a chair standing right of the door infront of my desk. As the creature charged for a second attack, I threw the chair at it and ran down.

I started to panic. What should I do? How could I have expected that?

I unlocked the door to my basement, wich I prepared as a panic room, incase something like this should happen. I thought it was stupid three years ago, but it really pays of now.

Down here are Rations for five days. On the fifth I will try to make a run for it. The creature cant get out of the house. If anyone should ever find this note, dont meet its gaze, it makes it even more agressive. Also, I am dead. Should I survive, I will destroy this note, to destroy evidence of illegal actions Graber could take. I still love the Idea. Infinity. 

I just wish, I could have explored it…

–END–

