Tonight’s sky was basked in darkness and a storm bustled in and shrouded the town. A slashing echo could be heard by the family sitting near their fireplace. They were thankful to be bundled up in blankets and drinking their hot chocolate rather than facing the elements.

 But, there is one child, unlike any other… who didn’t have a home like other kids, not even a family to call his own. In fact, he was all alone with nobody to love or to have memories with… Though, he found one friend… That friend is the monster that never sleeps, or as the orphan knows him, “Tony”. 

Tony and him, always played together at night only because Tony wasn’t able to come out during the day. They have played many games like kick the can, hide and seek, or tag. Though, he wished that he and Tony could play more often than just at night. Truly, the orphan has always seen Tony as a big brother, a brother he would never really be able to call his own kin. But tonight is special, a night for adventure because today is the day the orphan will travel to the world of the monsters.

 “Hey Tony! Are you out there… Tony!?” the orphan exclaimed. 

The orphan started to hear a rattling noise coming from the left of him, as soon as he turned around Tony yelled “BOO!” The orphan fell back on his bum, scared… Or maybe just shocked. 

He looks up at Tony and Tony says “why are you just sitting around? Let’s get going to the world of the monsters… Although I should warn you, it is pretty scary.” 

The orphan gets up off the floor and says… “I’m ready. Here, I have no one but I might be able to find a family there.” Tony looks at the orphan, with a glare in his eyes… He starts to laugh, at the kid. “Hey! What’s so funny!?” the kid exclaims.

Tony replies with “Families don’t exist in my world, we just scare little kids like yourself. Now let’s go” As the orphan and Tony were headed down to the world of the monster’s they realized that the orphan never had a name, so Tony said to the kid “You need a name and that name will be… I know Edward, how does that sound kid?” 

The orphan said “yeah that sounds good with me.”

 When Tony and Edward made it to the monster world, they saw amazing things, things Edward has never seen before. They saw many different monsters and many different cultural differences. Their sky was cloaked in a never ending darkness, the moon painted blood red, and the trees purple as well as the sea. However, Edward noticed that the grass was as black and as dark as a shadow. But, the most unnerving aspect that he noticed was that nobody in this world had a shadow!? Tony looked at Edward and for the first time ever, Edward smiled. 

Tony was amazed, he started to smile as well and both gazed at the red moon with smiles etched in their face.

–END–

