Fiction Story – ALIEN TRAVELLERS – LITTLE ROASTED

Photo credit: 

 from 

SO i am a guy with a cool attitude and good understanding and a lot of passion , i was travelling in train to reach a destination which was far beyond my eyes can see. It was interesting and a little bit of sci-fi stuff.

SO i was travelling by train ,and i was pretty bit gazing outside as it was midnight hours and i was little busy in playing games in my android smartphone- the game was off course alien fighting.

AT a moment my eyes got closed due to a very very bright light straightly fall into the forest – it was for a second or two after one or two second the light got disappeared and i was just THINKING what was that . Other people were also a bit amazed at that type of stuff .The light was so bright that it also attracted many travellers gaze towards window , by which i was sitting.

AND just after a little time the train stopped – i just thought what happened that maked the train to stop so fast that made me to goo straight in my front seat it caused a little or no pain, and a bit happy [the front seat was occupied by a nice girl ] SO the train stopped then at a sudden it started i was feeling weird because this time the train was going in a bit of highspeed which maked me to feel that i am in china and sitting on a bullet train.

I was a bit of angry to show my disagreement with the train – to that girl [impression] I standed and by walking slowly and little carefully reached the first box or apartment of the train -Then at the train controlling engine’s room gate i saw a little green light coming from a corner of that metallic door , which was looking something weird.

IT was bright and just made me to remember the light which was seen by me 10 minutes ago , offcourse their were no one in that engine apartment – except me, green light , engine controller and a metallic gate or door.

I opened the door and i saw -i saw the driver or engine controller is drinking coffee with his colleague .That moment i feeled that i am thirsty and a little bit hungry .THE driver asked me to join them and i just agreed .DURING drinking i was thinking of the good taste of the coffee ,THEN i asked the driver about that bright light which dropped in the forest .THE driver said nothing.

AND one more thing the driver was smelling like a roasted rooster i just don’t know why but it was a bit of good smell. THAN at a moment i was thrown out of the train , but i was near my destination.

__END__

