Fiction Short Story – LAST MAN STANDING

Photo credit: 

 from 

He wakes up to find himself naked  in a circular glass cage in the middle of a desert .

There were some heavily armed women guarding his cage and they seem to be waiting for someone.

After sometime a large flying machine reached the place and it lifted the glass cage and flew to an unknown place.

The man inside the cage was puzzled as to why he was kept in a cage and that too with heavily armed women protecting it.

After reaching the city,the glass cage was mounted on a tall concrete structure  about 100 metres high in the middle of a very large open space which looked like tahrir square.The place was filled  with women .There is not a man in the vicinity.

They were holding placards saying ” SAVE THE MAN”

“SAVE THE ENDANGERED SPECIES”.

 

After the females took over the planet during the feminist revolution in the year 3012 AD…males were forced to flee to other uninhabited places on earth and those who were caught by women were made slaves .

Females rule the planet now.

Marriage has become a thing of the past . With the advancement in bio technology and related fields women no longer needed a man to conceive .

Man has become irrelevant in a society dominated by women .

Male foeticide took place on an alarming rate and as a result the entire male population is now at the verge of extinction.

Sex ratio is 100000000000:1.

Women are no longer emotional beings with feelings. Power got to their heads .

 

The man stands on the podium and waves to  the entire crowd of women craving to get a hand on him. A large flying machine landed on the elevated podium to transfer him to a safe place.The man does not know what is going on around him.

In this woman dominated society that man felt insecure and worried. He cannot go out alone at night and even if he goes along with his body guards he cannot escape those pervert eyes trying to undress him lustfully.

Later the man finds out that he was brought here with the help of a time machine which had flown back in time to grab him. The man recounts how he use to treat women around him. He never respected women and he always preferred a male child.

The man remembered the night when he tried to abuse a woman who was alone in a train compartment saying that she should not roam outside during the night and she is inviting trouble by wearing mini skirt and t shirt.

 

Later at the capital city of WOMANIA , the world leaders ( all are women ) gather to discuss the outcomes of cloning the endangered creature ( the man ) and its possible consequences over future generation of human beings.

The world leaders do not want a patriarchal society like that that of their ancestors who suffered under the domination of  creatures like men. At the same time they also do not want a matriarchal society.After much deliberation they have decide to go on with the cloning process to create a man.

The cloning process begins and a perfect clone is made in 2 days time.A healthy and a strong male being. The marvel of technology made it possible to alter the very evolution of nature.

Finally after a few hundred years  an egalitarian society with equal respect for men and women is formed. A happy and a just society. No egos , no domination. Everyone is equally talented and happy.

__END__

