Fiction Short Story – 3 Techies

Photo credit: 

 from 

Ajay flipped his wrist and saw it is 2.30am and the production issue is still on, the only company he has got is Varun who joined the company 6 months back.

Ajay whispering: If my visa had not initiated then I would have been enjoying my comfortable bed at this time. Suddenly he asked Varun do you find the IT environment blood sucking?

Varun: I have just started let few years be passed.

Ajay: Yeah, you are right.

Varun: Do you always work late because I have never seen you working so late before.

Ajay: Just because my VISA got initiated and have so many responsibilities now . I do not want to spoil my onsite, anyhow have to maintain my reputation.

Varun: Have you never gone onsite before?

Ajay: No! That is why I am so desperate.

Varun stared to Ajay for a few moments and told you look much stressed why don’t you take a break for a while, may be a short trip would be perfect for you.

Ajay Kept Working and din’t reply to Varun ,suddenly found the root cause of the issue and it took 2 minutes to solve it. And mailed the client about it.

Ajay and Varun then rushed to reception to check out whether any cab is available at that moment or not. They were informed that till 5am no cab is available so they have to wait. Being disappointed and puzzled they came back to the cubical.

Varun: Still we have 2 hours in our hand and I am not sleepy if you don’t mind may I ask something to you?

Ajay: Yeah sure.

Varun: Do you have any memorable moment which you could share with me?

Ajay: Buddy it is not the right time besides I am feeling sleepy.

Varun: Please please insisted so badly.

Ajay: ok, Just because you are junior and demanding badly I am sharing one moment of my life with you but I don’t know this will satisfy you or not .

Varun: Anything will do right now.

Ajay: This happened 2 weeks back, remember we got holiday on Friday and coming Monday a week before last?

Varun: yes I do.

Ajay: That Friday I woke up in the morning and somehow was feeling very depressed. I dint know the exact reason but the feeling was very irritating. I switched on TV and found beauty of Darjeeling was being described such a nice way by an American guy in some travel channel. So suddenly I felt that I want to experience that right now and did something which was beyond my comfort level. I packed my bag and ran towards bus stop. Got a window seat, bus will leave in another 30 minutes announced the conductor.

Bus started moving I heard a voice from the back seat ” Haan ma mein wapas aa jaunga baas 2 hi din ka toh baad hai do not worry, you know I always liked travelling so kya hua iss baar akale ja raha hu toh office ke itna pressure hai I needed a break”.

I turned back saw a IT-Company’s name written on back-pack he was Carrying .Varun you won’t believe it, “co###zant” was written on it. I approached to him saying “you are from cognizant?” he said “yeah you too ?” me said yes.

Then we started asking each other about the location and projects etc etc. Further we talked about many things skills, project environment, onsite ,Project lead etc. He was also travelling alone. I asked him do you have any hotel booked he said “no, do you? I said same.

I said ok, then we can find a room together for ourself and share the amount he said “cool”. Btw we both forgot to ask our name, that is what happens when 2 techies meet. His name was Vishal .After few minutes we saw a cab overtook our bus and stopped in front of our bus which literally made our bus stop. A guy came out and started saying sorry to conductor that he missed this bus and already got the ticket from online. He sat beside Vishal and started introducing himself .His name is Himanshu he is also a tech guy from TCS. He got a room booked in a hotel.

Himanshu asked about ourself we explained him everything and journey was going very well by knowing each other’s , we halted one time and had few snacks cold drinks and cigarattes. Himanshu suddenly offered us to stay with him as the room was big enough for 3 of us. Himanshu was going to meet his girlfriend who stays in Darjeeling. He explained how they met online and started liking each other now for the first time he was going to meet her. Let me tell you one thing about Himanshu is that he was obsessed with his beard not growing up. He desperately wants beard so that he can look mature.

So after hectic 16 hours journey we finally reached there .It was Saturday morning we kept our bags and had shower. After our lunch we set out from our hotel for a view Himanshu went to meet his girlfriend as it is summer so the weather is very pleasant in Darjeeling me and Vishal were walking and enjoying the view. We came back to the hotel around 8 PM. Himanshu also came back and seemed very happy. We were very tired so we had our dinner and directly went out to bed .Next morning we woke up and had gone for some visit ,we went several place it was nice feeling .Meanwhile there was a fight between Himanshu and his girlfriend’s father as he dint like her daughter dating a man who she met online.

After an eventful day we finally came to our room and decided to go back to the roof of the hotel and order beers, so we ordered beers and whisky and chicken pakoda we started drinking and got intoxicated within a hour and skipped our dinner .We kept ordering liquor and got ourself completely drunk. We were sharing some bad and good memory among each others (that normally happens when you drink too much all feelings and talks which you always wanted to share with someone comes out).We were so drunk that our vision became blurred. Suddenly we felt someone standing in front of us and watching us.

Vishal said “Himanshu why are you standing like that and how did you get that that coat and tie ?”

Himnashu said “Sh#t!! am I wearing coat and tie ? I wore them 1 months back in my friend’s reception still I dint get it off? “.

I said it’s not Himanshu its someone else Viahal. Vishal again said “Mr. someone else do you want some drinks?”

That person dint reply. Again I said are you the hotel stuff or you came here just like us ?.He dint reply. Hinamshu said ” who are you? a ghost?”.

He replied “NO”. Then who are you I asked.

“Will you guys believe if I say I am a genie and I have come here to fulfil one wish from each of you” said the man. We were silent for few seconds then started laughing so badly .

Vishal said ” Bhai genie ek kam kar get himanshu some beard on his face”.

The man replied ” iS this your wish ” .

Vishal said “no its Himanshu’s wish” and laughed so hard. Man replied then Himanshu has to wish for the same. Himanshu replied “Dont fry our head just go away”.

Vishal said no no wait wait if you are a genie then get him beard. Himanshu said “thik hai meri daari ani chaiye achhe se lo maangli meri wish ab kuch ? ab humlogo ko akale chod do fake genie”.

I told the man ” get me a onsite if you are real ginie.Vishal said “go away aur paka mat thats my wish”. Then we decided to ignore him and go back to sleep as next morning we have to catch bus . After so much effort we finally stood up and found the man already left. Vishal said ” chalo achha hua gaya pagal”.

Next Day we woke up around 8 am and got our bus .We reached Kolkata at midnight and booked a cab and came back to home. Next morning I got myself ready for office and got there ,while checking mails i found one of the mails from my manager saying please send me all your documents we need a member in onsite asap.

So i sent my documents and 2 days after I got a call from consulate for interview. 2 days back Vishal called me and he was panting desperately and said ” Bhai it is happening ”

I said what’s happening? .

He said “did you check the selfie posted by Himanshu last night?”.

I said no what’s so special about his selfie? .

He said “check out by yourself. I check and got shocked, He has beard all over his face” .

I called Vishal said how this is possible? .He said remember that guy who introduced himself as genie he really meant it. I realized yes that is why my visa got initiated.

Vishal Said “man!! Really life gave US a chance and we dint realize that at least I wasted my chance.

So that was one of my life’s memorable moment Varun. We don’t know why that man showed up at that night. Still we are searching for answer.

Varun: Did that really happen to you guys? so lucky you are.

Ajay was going to say something but that time desk phone rang, he picked up and found the call was from reception saying that the 1st morning cab has arrived. Ajay again checked his wrist watch and saw it was 5 am.

–END–

