After 50 years from now Scientific Development in Earth makes human to Go beyond Earth. During this time One spacecraft with 10 Astraunaut Go for Mars exploration. After 3 Years of long journey through space Finally the spacecraft reach Mars.

 But because Of bad weather and Storm the spacecraft crashed in Mars land.

Eieghy Astronaut out of 10 are died in this Crash.

 Only two one man, named Adams and another woman, named Angela were live and they also very much wounded. As the Spacecraft is Damaged so they can not return to Earth.

 They are looking something miracles in Mars.

 Because Of food and water capsule and the space suit that convert mars Airs into Oxygen, with the help of those they were able to live for some time in the Mars.

They are Wondering in the Mars for Finding foods and other living beings.

After continue travelling Of months they are reaching in a mountain and In this mountain they see a big Cave.

They go inside for something Miracles looking for alliens and with that alien technology they can Repairs their spacecraft.

 After reaching in the cave they see Water falls and different trees that produce oxygen and many small Cave in that place. The test the water, and the air inside the cave is different than the out side.

So they go inside deep of the the Cave, they find some tiny Species inside deep of the caves and they are firming grains inside that caves. They are speaking with each other, as they are smaller than the human and when they see Adams and Angela they are welcome them and Give them foods and water to eat.

After couple Of days living with them Adams and Angela understand That some other Aliens from other unknown plannet were come in the Mars very long time ago with a spacecraft and they created the Caves and the different weather Condition in side the Caves.

 After Long time of staying here they are gone and they are leaving their DNA by Artificially breeding with these Tiny Species in Mars.

These tiny species are advanced because of those Aliens.

Adam and Angela looking for those Alien spacecraft,instead of finding the Spacecraft they find a big Machine with a manuscript. With the Help of those tiny species they are Able to understand the Manuscript and they know that the Machine is Teleportation Machine, a machine that scan the object Completely and then transmit the object to desire destination according to data provided.

By the help of that Manuscript and they are able to Teleport themselves to Earth and reach their home, but they are doing a great mistake leaving their old body in the Mars instead of damage them.They though their body are already dead but not fully dead.

After some years miracles happened in Mars,the other Aliens reach in Mars again. They use their technology and transform half dead human body into lives and teleport them back to Earth.

 By Doing this now two Adam and two Angela are Living in the Earth. This will leads many difficulties into their life.

**

 (To be Continued.)

