Science Fiction Story – MAN VERSUS ALIEN

Photo credit: 

 from 

INTROIND is the space ship with five member crew. It has been successfully launched and finished its finds on the moon. Now it is on its return journey to home. Everything is peaceful. Radio signals from home computer working well.

Engineer Isaac is in his seat and he is sipping some hot drink. Suddenly he observed that some peculiar and unknown signals are coming in the radio. What are the signals transmitted and who are transmitting these signals? Engineer Isaac is wondering and he thought that these signals maybe from some nearby planet and they mean nothing to them.

There are all together five members on the space ship. Commander of the space ships is senior scientist Edgar and his wife Mary is another scientists. Apart from these three, there are two more members. They are Dr. Robert and Dr. Brown. They both are young scientists.

“Who is it?” engineer Isaac repeated to the signals and what he received are of no change.

“EIR..EIRER..EIR..EIRER..”

Engineer Isaac knows that astronomers using NASA’s Spitzer Space Telescope have found some time back a planet, surprisingly similar to our Earth – in a galaxy near ours. This discovery has fascinated astronomers because most of the planets found outside our solar system have been ‘super-earths’ – planets which are larger than our solar system’s huge Jupiter.This planet, called UCF-1.01, is located a mere 33 light-years away, making it possibly the nearest world to our solar system that is smaller than our home planet. It’s also a mere 5,200 miles across. It is avery small, very hot and very near planet with the help of the Spitzer Space Telescope. This resembled a cratered, geologically dead.

As engineer Isaac is repeating his response, thinking all this, he saw that something like a body of light entered in to the space craft. This light is like a small bulb. It was in the air floating like small red ball. He is looking at the ball with wonder. He could not guess what it can be.

He went there. He wanted to lift this ball. But he saw that it is growing, so he thought it must be some life. He grew to a seven feet monster with burning light. It is painful to look at this monster.

“Who are you?” engineer Isaac asked the monster with unbearable pain to his eyes.

His communication room is like a fire with unbearable heat. Isaac is looking at the seven feet Alien.

“Who are you?” the fire monster repeated exactly like Isaac’s voice is imitated. He took shape of Isaac also and he is looking at him.

“I am a man from earth. We have visited moon and returning back to earth.” Isaac said.

Now the fire monster got the communication strength.

“You are in our planet’s orbit.” The Alien said.

The orbit is gravitation ally curved path of an object around a point in space, for example the 

 of a planet around the center of a star system such as solar system.

Alien now quickly grows in to the seven feet fire monster with Isaac’s shape.

“You will be like this, if you are in our planet.” Alien said with a bigger laugh.

Alien is with formidable strength, agility and intuitiveness. He can easily over power Isaac. He attacked the engineer Isaac and as he fainted, the alien is disappeared entering the airshaft.

Just then, the commander of the space ship Edgar entered in to Radio room and found Isaac fainted. He saw nothing there.

This room features two floors, with the bottom floor being the first explored. The first room is indeed a long fall down and to get to the top floor, one must use two wall jump surfaces that are designed as they resemble stained glass. When Isaac disables the lock, the other surface will form to enter.

Edgar opened the lock and entered the second room and he found the Alien there. Edgar entered his teleport suit and attacked the Alien.

The strength of Alien is formidable and yet Alien ran out. As Edgar is in his teleport suit, he followed the alien.

It is thought long back that the future has a way of becoming the past. Men are on the moon? Picture phones are there? Teleportation is made possible? Not so much. The idea of breaking yourself down to your constituent molecules, beaming yourself across space and reassembling somewhere else sounds cool, and the problems are gone, this monstrously difficult task is made possible.

What the Dutch physicists did involved something called quantum entanglement, which Einstein once described as “spooky action at a distance,” a term that pretty much describes what it is. But Quantum physics made it possible to do things like teleportation that mystified even Einstein. Entangled particles are sort of the dysfunctional couples of quantum physics. The same is true of entangled particles and the interaction took place across infinite distances and instantaneously. The spin rate and direction of one particle—which is how the behavior of these things are measured–will determine the spin rate and direction of its entangled partner on the other side of the universe, effectively simultaneously.

There is no doubt that the alien entered the space craft to kill all the crew and take the space craft to his unknown place for study. Bur he got the command from the remote place that he should come back.

 Alien got the command that he should not fight with the crew of the space craft. So he returned and he is not in a position to look at Edgar who is following him. Alien got information that he has got someone from the space ship following him.

Alien stopped in the space and waited till Edgar reach him.

“Get away and get back to your ship. You are lucky, we are not killing you.” Alien said.

“Why you show so much mercy on us? Why you don’t kill us?” Edgar asked.

The communication is going by telepathic way. They both are at distance and they cannot see each other.

The Alien communicated great anger by his roar and frightened Edgar.

“If you come with me, your space ship will be smashed. Our technology is far better than yours. My commander said me that let the MEAR BALL go back to earth, without hurting. The time has not come for contact with earth. When the time comes, we will contact you.”

The communication system is so powerful that Edgar could not bear for the sound as communication is coming. Is it telepathy or something else, we don’t know that.

“Thank you.” the space ship commander Edgar said.

“TTTHHHAAANNNKKKYYYOOOUUU!” The reply came from the Alien.

Edgar returned to space ship.

The engineer Isaac smiled looking Edgar returning safely to the space craft.

“TTTHHHAAANNNKKKYYYOOOUUU!” Isaac said with great smile.

The conversation between Edgar and Alien is recorded by Isaac.

They are discussing, if the record should be erased or not. The space ship is reaching the earth.

__END__

