Fiction Short Story – Mars: The Life Giver

Photo credit: 

 from 

Human civilization on Planet Mars organised One man mission to planet Earth.

“21 Years old boy, Wilfred has been selected for one man mission to Earth.”

‘This news have flourished all over the planet’, said Wilfred’s father James to hear this his Mother wept.

“Mum, Why are you crying! Don’t you believe  your son. I will come back”, said Wilfred.

“I do my son, but you have to provide me with promise that you will die on your land.”, demanded Wilfred’s Mom.

“I will for sure.”, replied Wilfred.

Hustle bustle among people was visible, everybody was engrossed  in the preparation of the the launch which was awaited by the billions of people. Wilfred remained center of attraction, even the President texted him for safe launch.

“Wilfred, are you ready?”, asked Dr.Seuss head of ISA

“I am. Sir but can you tell me, What is the cause to send me alone?”, asked Wilfred

“Son, according to psychology a man can’t stay with other man continuously for more than 2 years and other cause is the speed of trip but don’t worry you have a robot”, replied  Dr.Seuss in gentle manner.

Wilfred wore his spacesuit and touched the soil before getting planted in the space shuttle to get adapted to space conditions.

The packed lunch for 5 years, water, ample oxygen was fitted along with invisible microorganism to test life on Earth.

The enthusiasm and zeal among huge population living of planet stood high. Everyone praying for safe launch and  attainment of mission. The world chanted  last counts……3…….2…………..1………..Zooooooooop.

The Rocket escaped the atmosphere within a few seconds.

“Good Bye, Mars”, whispered Wilfred with tears of separation in his eyes.

He started his communication and connected to his mother but after an hour abrupt disconnection took place and all the contact lights with ISA started blinking and connection with colleagues got disrupt. He got up instantaneously, pulled out the roof telescope, detect the Mars and glanced.

The destructive flames in his eyes sparked brightly, jet black eyes grew yellowish red like his planet, heated up tears fell on the ground, the sweat covered his body, the head became red hot and he fainted.

The water was splashed on his eyes. “Get up Mr.Wilfred, it’s your meal time”. He got up spontaneously it was his personal guide and only companion of the massive voyage, his nonhuman friend aka robot, Rixton. Totally out of mind , unsatisfied by the God’s injustice billions of commoners converting into ash. Mars which once considered to be the only habitable planet had been caught by the deadliest-solar flares emitted by the sun .

“See Rixton what has happened to our planet”,said Wilfred in an awful manner.

Wilfred screamed aloud , “Mooom”  but no one, not even his parents were there to listen his painful voice.

Completely detached Wilfred sat on the seat wondering  about life on his planet, voices that blossoms ones ears, the fascinating views that cherish ones heart , every sunrise that one rejoice but who thought about the rays that left dismal silence . The echo in the vacant room of his mother in his ears enabling the young sou to survive  without the single one to talk, listen, love or hate.

—————————–HIBERNATION——————————————

“Wilfred,my son, you don’t have authority to blame god nor you have any right to snatch life from this universe. What happened if the Mars has lost its life, Earth will gain. Nothing can be attained through helplessness. You should complete your goal Wilfred for your mother, God and billions of people who supported you. Don’t you want there soul to rest in peace”, said the voice of his mother in his dream.

Hibernation box opened and he got after 2 years deep sleep…..

Wilfred watched on the mirror glancing at only man surviving in the lonely universe,who was supposed to carry out rest of life through the darkness without anyone.

“Yes mother why not”said Wilfred replying to the voice that made him get up and start . Maybe his mother was messenger of God that made him discover the art of living and opened a new door of light for him.

“Landing is tomorrow “, said Rixton

Wilfred wore his oxygen cylinder and his suit like he did on Mars, again with same enthusiasm and curiosity.

The day after , Wilfred sat on pilot seat and pressed the button to land in right area. Space shuttle entered atmosphere and craft landed within an hour in safe and sound condition . The door of the shuttle opened , Wilfred stepped out with fascination to see the great view of hard rocky planet giving him the essence of gravity and flashing sunlight passing light in his eyes more than he was used to.

“Hope you will accomplish your mission and will be right back on time”, interrupted Rixton.

‘Thank you”, replied Wilfred.

The study of the atmosphere, surface type and natural phenomenon on this planet was necessary before thinking of doing the habitation .

Many days passed , Wilfred was engrossed in studying, travelling and experimenting recklessly.

“Yes!Yes! I have found it ” , rejoiced Wilfred

“The planet was infused with methane , hydrogen sulphide  and many other inorganic carbon compounds and as Wilfred was the only one who could have  converted these inorganic proteins  which can eventually produce life . He collected the red soil beneath the rocky surface and took  his oxygen cylinder  out to create the enclosed shelter type place with no access to lifeless gases. Then he planted tiny planets providing them with water.

“Now I know, Why I was provided with lot of water for the trip”, joked Wilfred with himself on his fortune to get water for survival and to instill life.

The greatness of the man lies within him in the form of his courage and passion, and so was proved by Wilfred. At the end of the year he ejected microorganisms to the shelter with slightly grown up planets which can provide oxygen. Sparks of nitrogen gas was passed in air to serve the air with life-giving organic carbon compounds (Scientifically Proven) that may enable the condition of shelter to spread across planet and breeding ground for microorganisms to be able to expand throughout the planet.

“I hope these organisms would create the intelligent creatures, who may carry on humanity”,said Wilfred taking deep breath.

Wilfred passed the extreme test provided to him with flying colors and so decided to leave for Mars even though was running out of oxygen, food as well as water.

After 2 years

LANDING ON MARS

Wilfred was on death bed struggling with his life with almost null oxygen was willing to die but bounded with pledge. Soon the spacecraft landed and Wilfred sat on the ground of his planet hold the soil tightly in his hand with dropping tears. Holding his last breaths he screamed aloud  with almost no energy left -“Mom I kept my promise, I am dying on my own land”. He put off his mask and …Collapsed….

Maybe Wilfred was the gift of God who gave us this beautiful life. Though he was not able to see the end result of his act but will grow once again, this time on Earth and grant life to our neighbor planet. So now whenever we see in the sky the red non-twinkling object, Our eyes should reflect the respect and await for the opportunity to serve back.

Year 2020;

“Wilfred 21 Years old boy has been selected for One Man Mission to Mars” :)

