Fiery shows and happiness flooded the mystic city Amidster.The pyro blaze was performed by Gregory – a slender youth of sixteen , with crimson hair.After a sparkling finish ,the arena exploded with claps that echoed throughout the city.

“They seemed livelier than usual.” said Ruffuina .

“First timers from Citron ,I suppose.” said Gregory “What brought you here Ruffuina?”

Ruffuina slumped to an arm chair and blurted out ,”Barren lands”.

Gregory shook his head ,”not again , I had told you ,it tumbles down everything ,” and sunk to an chair.

“It’s almost quarter of city,” said Ruffuina worryingly.”We need it for the city’s expansion.”

Gregory ignored this, he steered Ruffuina outside ,and began to walk.It was a cloudy day with chilly breeze.” The legacy that protected us,” he said proudly ,pointing to a majestic crystal barrier that seemed to surround the city. It sparkled from few rays that escaped the clouds.”The barrier was erected -.”

“-Just in time for our city to survive the meteor blast,” said Ruffuina dramatically. “Yes I know our land’s history – so what ?”

Gregory grinned and said ,” The city and the barren land are protected inside , which means – it is or was something important.”

“It does make sense , Mage Martis wouldn’t had done it unnessesarily,” Ruffuina reassured herself.

Gregory was beaming with joy upon feeling the crystal in his palm , all shows ,pales in comparison towards the towering giant he thought. He smoothened his hair and said,” I am off to Santor Hall” and  jerked towards Ruffuina.

” I am heading there also , father wants me … to learn the ways of Santor,” she said unwillingly.

They went down the cobbled street bustling with crowds and reached Santor Hall.It was a shabby building .They greeted Santor Flemmar. He was an old man with bald patch.

” I want to thank you on behalf Santor’s council ,” said Flemmar with a happy grin in his face. ” Your pyro skills are impressive and maybe possible door to truth.  ”

Gregory was puzzled at this ,’ truth ‘ – is he talking about the bizarre  barren lands, wondered Gregory.

” Amidster was ruled by Mage Martis and Meerat by Mage Claudius. They were both powerful and friendly towards other. When a meteor threatened to wipe the cities , Amidster survived with a timely barrier and a crystal trove from Mage Martis but Meerat was wiped. Then Santor’s from Meerat arrived to Amidster and demanded the crystal trove. How they knew the trove is still a mystery, but they were taken to trove and was unable to open nor move it.” Flemmar breathed heavily and was sweating a lot.

” Does the trove still exist .” gasped Gregory with an eager look.

” Not many knows , but it does,” said Flemmar in a whisper and wiped his forehead with his sleeve .”  Believed to be opened by magic .”

” So that’s why Gregory was asked to hone his skill ,” said Ruffuina thoughtfully. ” But what’s in the trove ? ”

” Still a mystery ,” said Flemmar in a trembling voice. He seemed to be avoiding the eyes thought Gregory.

” And what happened to the Sanctor’s ? ” asked Gregory eager for more story.

” Santor’s council gave guidance to Mage’s , but in their absence they chose a leader named Citron. Even though Meerat city was ruined there was no casualty, some settled in Amidster ,while other’s gathered and created the city Citron with the council.  Sanctor Citron was ambitious to restore Meerat to its glory and was searching for a way to open the trove.”

“So where’s the trove? I am supposed to open , “asked Gregory with eagerness blinking in his eyes .

“You won’t see it , nor open it ,till you hone your skill,” Flemmar said sternly. ” Tales take turns through the passage of time remember it.”

It was pretty dark , it was then Gregory realised how tired and hungry he was  , he bid farewell and rushed home.

The next day was an sunny day with slight breeze , Gregory finished his breakfast and went outside.”Morning Greg ,” greeted Ruffuina.

” Good morning Ruffuina ,” replied Gregory .” Hone he says ,how am I to do it ? ”

They went down street towards the barren lands and stood before an stone pillar.

” You aren’t quite the marksmen yet ,” said Ruffuina folding her fingers like a pistol and pointed at Gregory .” You are lucky manipulating fire like that.”

“It is believed ,if you really like something , your body will evolve for that and I like fire a lot . ” said Gregory and cupped his palm . Fire hissed into life and swirled to form a ball . He flung the ball at an stone pillar – splat the ball collided sideways with something and rolled on the ground making weird hissing and chirping sound.

” Oh! my goodness , what was that !? ” gasped Ruffuina.

” It’s lightning folded into a bar ,” said an blond youth with greasy black hair ,and began walking towards them.

” Lightning !? who are you ? ” asked Gregory with an shocked face .

” I am Germy from Citron ,” said the blond youth and halted near them . He balled his fist and opened it slightly – blue bar protruded with chirping sound . He held it like a javelin and fired at the pillar.

The bar travelled quickly- with a thud it met the stone pillar and smoke puffed up .” That seems powerful ,” said Ruffuina .

” I have honed it for the crystal trove ,” sneered Germy.

” How do you knew about the trove ? ” asked Gregory .

” Sanctor’s told me , and honed my skills . So that I can expose this city’s hero ,” said  Germy with gritted teeth.

Gregory eyed him angrily and asked ” What rubbish is this ? “. He was like an boiler about to explode.

Germy with a nasty grin snarled ,” the barrier- the city so proud off was made from Meerat’s water source . Instead of protecting us with our water , he crafted a sanctuary for you all . A dirty thief, that stole at the time of crisis – nothing more .On his last breath ,Mage Claudius guided Sanctor Citron to seek the trove. Though Sanctor Citron may have passed , his ideals still lives.”

” And you expect us to believe this, from a complete stranger ,” said  Ruffuina in disbelief .” We have our own  Sanctor’s council to seek answers –  come Gregory.”

” It’s what , I have been told but fact should reveal itself in the trove ,” said Germy calmly , smoothening his hair .

They dashed towards Sanctor’s Hall and stood near Sanctor Flemmar breathing heavily. Ruffuina explained everything that happened and collapsed to an chair. To their horror – Flemmar said nothing and hung his head.

” Flames of the past shouldn’t burn the present – our city Sanctor’s council belief . People may feel guilt and rebels may rise , if word got out.  We must open the trove before that ,” said Flemmar hastily.

He hurried them through a door. It was well lighted, with sunlight flooding through the windows. ” Crack the trove with fire balls ,” said Flemmar pointing towards an object. It was like an huge egg made of crystals, perched on a claw having three pointy crystal fingers .

Gregory cupped his palm and pelted the fire ball at the trove. Splat the ball hit the trove . It glowed a faint red and back to normal.

” Not enough power ,” said a familiar voice . Gregory turned  , at the moment something flashed past him  and hit the trove . It was Germy who  had threw an lightning bar. The trove glowed  deep blue and back to normal again.

” Guess , I should try again ,” said Germy readying a lightning bar.

” Contents of trove should be viewed privately , don’t let him open it Gregory ,” gasped Flemmar.

” Truth will be revealed ,” bellowed Germy and hurled a bolt and wham it collided with a fire ball – missing the trove by inches.

They circled sizing up the other and began pelting – bolts and balls collided mid air and rolled chirping and hissing along the ground . Same bolts came dangerously close  to Gregory after colliding with the  balls.

Gregory tried to took a foot back to distance himself , but was blocked by something rigid. Gregory jerked and saw the trove behind him.

Germy sneered , he lunged forward with a demonic glint in his eyes and fired a wicked bolt targeting the trove . Gregory barely had time to hurl the ball . They met mid air and in a flash ,the bolt pushed the ball along hitting the trove.

The trove was hit and it sparkled in dazzling blue and red. Everyone was rooted and their tongue seemed to froze. Cracks ran all over the trove ,with a BOOM it cracked .Pearly white smoke spiralled towards the celing.

Smoke swirled and formed a smokey mask with hollow eyes .The air itself felt cold. Gregory gulped and backed away . ” Fear me not ,” said a voice calm and pleasant. It seemed to came from the mask. ” I am preserved from the memories of Mage Martis and Mage Claudius. ”

” They are both involved ! ” said Flemmar wiping his face.

” During the meteor strike Claudius summoned Martis to help. While Claudius struggled to delay the meteor , they realised that the meteor can’t be destroyed and it’s touchdown was Meerat city. So they planned to contain the blast within Meerat and Amidster. Martis conveyed the meteor strike and instructed the Sanctor’s council to evacuate to the Southern forest . Martis then began to crystallize the water in Meerat and barricade Amidster to survive the blast. The barrier was erected large enough for Meerat citizens to settle as well. In a final push  they created the crystal trove to part this knowledge and their will. Claudius then told his Sanctor Citron to seek the trove for answers. This memory will always be preserved. ” said the voice.

The trove began to glow and the smokes circled the trove – with a blinding flash the smoke was gone and the trove was good as new.

” Tales do take a turn ,” said Flemmar happily with water trickling from his eyes. ” Sanctor Citron was ambitious and his ambitions clouded him from truth.”

” So this is our history ,” said Gregory eagerly.” And the barren lands tumbles everything to fulfil the wish of the Mage’s.”

” So when are you settling Germy ? ” asked Ruffuina .

” Soon ,” said Germy.” First I must convey to our Sanctor’s .”

News spread quickly , Citron citizens began to settle in Amidster, even the Sanctor’s  came . Amidster praised their two heroes happilly. Fiery ,thunder shows mesmerised the city.

–END–

