Ashley passed out of jail after five long years of imprisonment. He went to his old house near Hampershire and went inside it. Memories of happy days , the time he had spent with his family and friends came to his mind.He also remembered his wife and children that were killed by the gangsters. But he was trapped into the case and sentenced to five years of custody in the prison.He want to start again with a new beginning.There was nothing else in hand except the old wooden house and a mobile phone. His parents were killed in an car accident while he was in school.Nobody ever took care of him. Suddenly the phone rang and Ashley picked up.

“Come and meet me .I am Professor Simmons.” said Professor Simmons who had called to him.

Professor Simmons was eagerly waiting for Ashley.At his home Ashley was confused.

“Why would a scientist call me ?” said Ashley to himself.

 He came to the professor’s home. Ashley an army man, wore green belt, yellow trousers and blue T-shirt.His behaviour has changed a lot after living in prison.The professor was waiting in black cloak and white pants.He offered Ashley to drink wine.

Professor Simmons said ,” I have created a Time Machine. I have worked on this project for a long period of time.I know you have not done any crime and you are innocent.I want you to get inside the machine and move to your past.Then you can come back and live your life.You can change your bad memories and live in peace if you follow my orders.”

Ashley replied ,” So you are sending me to the past with the help of your invention. What if it does not work properly.If anything goes wrong.Have you ever tried this machine on anyone else before ?.”

“No ,I haven’t tried it on anyone before.But believe me,everything would be fine.Don’t fear at all.I am very confident of my weapon.Now it all depends upon your’s decision.Don’t you want to take revenge.You just want to sit back and mourn on your past.Get Up and show some fighting spirit.Defeat them and come back victoriously.” said Professor Simmons.

Ashley said,” But there will be one more man exactly of my same face.What if he recognizes me.How will I control the gangsters who had killed my family at that point of time in front of him.What if anything at that point of time changes ? ”

“Nothing will happen I will watch the signals you send me.If something goes wrong just press the red button on your watch.I will bring you back automatically.I will send you from here after some time.” said the professor handing him the watch on which there was a red button and digital screen to type the messages.

Ashley said,” Yes,Then we must begin.”

Professor said,”But always remember turn on the watch.If there is a need to type a message.It will be received after half an hour on my side.Don’t kill the gangsters make them unconscious.Everything will pass on to different time chamber if everything goes well.You will land in to a very happy state of memories that will change you. When you will be back,you will feel very relaxed and can start a new life.”

Ashley said, “I am ready to do it.Let’s go professor.”

 

Professor replied ,” Come, Let me show you my invention.”

Ashley came out of the machine and he hide it in a park behind a tree.He watched from back of window that his family was enjoying the meal which her wife was cooking.He walked and looked that gangsters have started to move  inside the house.They wore a black mask and a black suite.

He ran and kicked the man who entered first ,then came the second one who had grabbed his shoulder from behind.Ashley loosened his jacket and attacked his enemy with a punch. He knocked down four men on the spot. He opened their masks and watched .These were the ones who had killed his family the last time.He recalled his past memories again.He called to the police and told them to pick the gangsters up.

No noise went inside the house and every one enjoyed.Ashley realized that the danger has gone and he wanted to get back.Many men came from behind and watched that their gang members were down.They attacked Ashley.Ashley ran so that they could follow him and get away from the location of the house.

But Ashley saw his clone opening the door,kissing his wife and coming out.

“No don’t come out you fool.” said he to the clown.

Ashley wore the black mask of the gangsters and ran towards the house again to save his family. He knocked many of them down and watched his younger clone looking at him fighting.

Ashley tried to stop his clone coming towards him.He loved his body and his appearence.They both started fighting each other.His clone was somehow very weak because Ashley had a good fighting experience in prison.He ran away inside an old museum where a door was closed.Ashley opened it.

Ashley replied looking back ,” I was your future.I came here to save you and your family. All is good I have done my job.Now I want to return back. ”

The other one said ,” I also want to come with you.Is it possible. ”

 

On the otherside younger Ashley ,the clone met the professor and got to know the whole story.Professor Simmons told him that he can get back after five days because machine required time for recovery.

Professor was worried that something terrible might not happen to them.The clone returned back.He watched the older one in his house.He had taken care of everything and everyone in the house.Even Office was acquired by him.

Suddenly in a park they both met.”I want my life back.Take this watch and go back.” requested the clone.Ashley was suprised.

“I told you not to play games.I also want to live here with the family.Just go back right now or I will kill you.I was in prison for five years and you came back in five days.” said Ashley.He wore a blue – black shirt which his wife gave him today on their anniversary.

“I am not going anywhere.” said the younger Ashley.

The 71 year old Professor couldn’t control his anger and drank wine.Ashley got back in time and lived his life with his family happily ever after.

–END–

