Fiction Short Story – Lazy

© Anand Vishnu Prakash, YourStoryClub.com

Yes, reader from the past, that was the first thought I had after I awakened from my deep sleep. The next thought I had was that thinking is a painful and 

 process. You saw what I did there, right? I used a big word with its correct usage in a sentence. Guruji is incredibly proud of me, he says that I am 80% Human!!

But you, my dear reader, are 100% Human! You can read what I just now wrote under a span of 2 minutes. How incredible! It took me over a month to write these few lines. But Guruji always says, ‘Quantity of thought doesn’t matter, quality does.’ Hence I am undertaking this laborious and challenging task in order to warn you about your future. It isn’t something you expected. Humns r fiting a losing battle against there greatest enemi. A enemi u mite nvr thot b4………………………….

I am loosing my mind.

CAT. BAT. MAT. Don’t loose ur mind, Vismay………………………………….

U r Vismay. Remebemer tat. Ur name is Vismai………

Vis…….

VWXYZ……………………..

ABCDEFGHIJK………………………………….

ABC………………ABC………………………………AB…………………………………A…………………

 

Sorry dear reader, I blanked out. It was so horrifying!! Slowly and steadily, I lost my ability to think. After that, I didn’t even remember what I lost, just that feeling of being utterly terrified stayed with me. A major operation has been performed on me by those robot scums and I have recovered my ability to think.

Guruji said it was touch and go. I almost lost it. But somehow my brain persevered and here I am, still partially a human.

I of course couldn’t die. I had a story to tell. Guruji tells me, I am unique. My brain has been fitted with a machine that could send messages in the past, to you, dear reader. I am their last hope. I couldn’t die. Not without telling my story.

You must know a few scientific facts about our Universe. It is dying. Guruji always say that Entropy has engulfed everything. Around us everywhere, there is disorder, chaos. The Universe has lost its vitality.

We live on a world which is breathing its last. Those robot scums have somehow managed to preserve this world’s vitality. But they are simply tools programmed by our ancestors. They won’t be able to save us.

Yes, DEATH!! Losing consciousness would mean death of a human! WE WOULD NO LONGER BE A HUMAN, JUST AN ANIMAL!! AN ANIMAL!!!!

If just somehow, we could study those ancient books, if just somehow we think creatively, we could still come up with a brilliant idea to save this world.

This thinking business is so exhausting. I am tired. Let me not think for someti………………………………

 

That’s what I learned first, when I awakened. I lost my friend, philosopher and guide.

Unfortunately, dear reader from the past, most of us have lost the ability to think. How is it even possible, you ask?

Our ancestors discovered the secret of cheating death. As a result humans lead a very, very long life. Also, we no longer had any natural enemy to use our wits against. Robots work our farms and rear our animals. They are self-powered. Food is bountiful. So is water. Robots do our chores.

Hence, an ability to think is no longer needed to survive. It is now our mental appendix, remnant of the past, something no longer required.

But the world is ending. There is no vitality left in the Universe anymore. Soon enough, the entropy would chew our world too.

Humans direly need to think.

But I don’t think that is possible. Soon enough, I would be gone. And I am amongst the last batch of surviving human beings.

When you wake up from this odd dream where you are reading a letter from the future, please do not forget it. I chose you for a reason, reader. Only you can save your world.

Our greatest gift is an ability to think…

Nothing else matters…

I am tired…

Bye…

By…

B…

…

..

.

__END__

