Short Story Science Fiction – Mission Possible

Photo credit: 

 from 

The aliens are set out to invade our galaxy. They are sitting in their spaceship. They move on to discover various planets in our solar system. One of them is Zobo with his pet Lulu.

Lulu is a dog in their planet. It has 2 legs instead of 4 just like Zobo & can understand all what Zobo says. He is intelligent & protects Zobo from danger. Their spaceship has just entered our galaxy with thousands of meteorites passing by & they driving their spaceship carefully through them.

Zobo can see the blue color planet which is our earth & it seems too beautiful to him that he decides to land over there. They finally reach earth’s atmosphere & there space ship lands over with a bump on a small town in Alaska.

It’s snowing all round & their spaceship gets covered with it completely. They have no option left but to look for a hideout. So they move out. On the way they can feel only chilly breezy winds which are normal for them as they live in a planet which is fully covered with snow. They are out  to collect information of each & every planet of the solar system & luckily their first landing was on a planet which contains life.

Through their sensors they start collecting all information about people, they find many bad & good people, all varieties as it existed in their own planet & quite happy to find that people here though different but alike in their thoughts i.e. Right things should be rewarded & wrong punished. During these days they reside in a boy’s house who is just 5 years old & he doesn’t know what aliens are. For him they are just toys. He plays with them & sleeps with them. He also hides them from his parents because they have asked him to do so. For him they are speaking toys & made friends with them.

They are so fast in running that they can see people but people cannot see them. Zobo starts liking this world & wants to stay over here but Lulu insists to go back as their families were waiting for them. Zobo now had learned mostly all languages used & recorded in his database. He will show all this to people of his own planet & in future these both planets can interact &  help each other. Zobo & Lulu bids good bye to their tiny little friend giving him a gadget with which they can talk even from outer space. They hug each other & their little friend hides the gadget in a place where no one can see it.

But for now they both have to go. Their mission of invading planets & finding life is complete which seemed impossible to them.  Their spaceship is ready to launch itself. Soon they will be on their planet to show their people what they have discovered. A planet containing life like them, though distant but close to their heart now because now they have a friend whose photo they have taken to show it to their planet that life is nothing but true bond less love without any form.

__END__

