Fiction Short Story – Every man for himself

Photo credit: 

 from 

The legislation for unilateralism in the UK passed the vote in the house of commons, thanks mostly to the vast

 Labour majority.

A spokesmam for the Labour Party told the People, We are no longer a Nuclear Nation.”

In the USA the President of the United States stated: “If anyone fires on Great Britain, we will deploy our weapons at them.”

“But how do we know we are safe?” demanded MP Daily of the Labour Party Spokesman.

 “America and the European Nations have made immediate response there mandate for Great Britain. An attack on us is an attack on them. No-one will attack Britain and risk this, I assure you, we are quite safe.”

“Sage council and worried mp’s here in the studio tonight. This is Alan Brader from the BBC saying goodnight.”

“I cant beleive it! exclaimed the frightened Ops man in the british radar room.

 The hundreds of missiles tracked accross the screens. “Russia are attacking!” It was only a year since the labour govenment anounced unilateralism.

 “Are the USA responding?” The ops man asked.

 “Not that I can see.” replied the man hunched over the screen, his hands gripped the controls on the desk as he stared at the missiles intently.

Russia launched over 200 nuclear missiles at Great Britain. All of Britain was wiped out.

The President said at the press conference after the few calls for retaliation, “there will be no response ..rather than kill more innocent people the USA will make no response to russia.

The PM of the United Kingdom and the President of the United States met and shook hands at the Whitehouse Steps. The cameras of the gathered reporters flashed.

The PM said quietly, thank God you didn’t respond, I would have had no where to go from the bunker after the USA was leveled”

 The president was taken aback! That’s a hell of a thing to say he thought.

Due to the lack of a Great Britain, the European and Russian Markets crashed causing the decline and decay of Russia. Wars in Russia eventually followed and there was no stable control of the nuclar mussiles at Russias command.

 The russians had developed a silent Weapon that showed on no Radar. It was undetectable.

Within 5 years of the bombing of Britain the first atomic missiles were sent Americas way.

 First hit by russia was new york. Sixty nukes for New York, 110 for Washington and similar weapon hits all over America.

 The continental united states was completely destroyed. There was no retaliation.

As the biggest superpower left,

 Russia took over and ruled the rest of the world for the rest of time..

__END__

