My grandmother (‘

‘ I prefer to call), is a wonderful women. Even though I have 2 younger siblings, she was more affectionate on me. I don’t know why?

Even in the nights I sleep next to her. 

 is like an angel to me. Whatever or whenever I want something I ask only her not even my mother.

During mid of 2005, when I was 10, I was sent to hostel. It was based on a competitive exam, besides it’s a prestigious school. So I can’t avoid the move. 

 used to visit me every week. I don’t know about struggles she faced during journey (it’s almost 100 km) but, I enjoyed her every visit.

It’s 2006 rainy season, one day my uncle came to pay me a visit in the early morning (about 7:30 am). I was shocked to see him as he’s a distant relative. He met our principal and applied a leave for me without saying anything to me.

I seen the subject of leave as “

 is Critically Ill”. I didn’t ask him about that, many students used to follow tricks like these to get leave, so I just followed him. By the way it started drizzling and I didn’t ask the true reason for leave.

It was a three phase journey. School to nearby Town-1, Town-1 to Town-2, Town-2 to my Native. Journey would be roughly 5 hrs. Roads were very narrow and the rain made the situation very tough. We started at 9:00 am. We struck at Town-1 for one hr.

We reached my home around 3:00 in Afternoon. After reaching, I found the bitterest truth of my life. 

 is not Ill, but Dead, I was late for Cremation also and it happened without me. Believe me, I was blank. She was very healthy as for my Knowledge. I heard my relatives talking about Current Shock. Later, I came to know that the cause of death is Electric Shock. Day before that day, she was carrying a wet wooden stick on to the top of our house. Unfortunately, it was struck to High-tension Wires running over my house. Everything happened in a blink of an Eye.

Days passed, I came out of the tragedy but still I can’t believe she is no more. Our school, planned to build a new Library. Construction is going on. Me and my friend went in to see the building. Suddenly, the door closed. I witnessed a faceless giant being with stars on it just like a Galaxy turned Human is present in front. We were scared. My friend told it came through a window. I came to senses in a short while. I asked the being “what are you?”. It replied that it is a celestial being which roams around multi verse and it told some nonsense I didn’t understand I only understood that it means no harm. We befriended that Being. It used to come daily and talk to us. It explained some time-travelling stuff and told that it came through a portal (wormhole) which happens to be the window. I roughly understood that the being creates wormholes to roam around. I asked the being about travelling in wormhole, it told that “you can even travel in time with wormhole. But, every time you travel in past time that you exist you create a rip in time-space continuum. So, you are not allowed to travel in past time you exist.”

One day I wanted to travel the time that 

 exist. I didn’t think about the catastrophes that i may cause. I jumped through the window but I fallen in light.

I woke up in the morning, I checked calendar it was 1987. I checked for 

. Thank god, she is there. But to my dismay, I am in twenties. Except that, nothing I found different. The whole day I was with Nanamma. I even asked her to feed me, I felt the warmth of her hands. I talked so many things. That day, is the best day of my life. Next day I observed a Light Emitting Spot formed in front of our house. But, no one is noticing that. It was very small. So, I neglected it. But, it started attracting everything nearby. By Afternoon, it grown in size but still attracting. I understood that, it is the rip and I should stop it growing. I don’t know how to stop it but I can try jumping into it. I don’t know what would be the outcome if I do so. But, it’s the only Option. I met 

, for the final Farewell. I hugged her for final time. She didn’t understand what I’m doing asked why I’m crying. I am actually crying. i said “I should go”. She asked “Where?”. I replied as jumping into the spot “I don’t know, 

. May be to NOW”.

Wetness, felt my face. I opened my eyes. I’m on a bed and actually crying in Sleep. I checked phone nearby. It’s mine. It’s 2017. I realized that everything was a Dream. I tried to console myself in the next hour. Nothing is Working, I’m Crying. At last, one thing consoled me ‘The Warmth of 

‘s Hands’.

-END-

